===== 2025 Q4  (2025-02-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by and welcome to Autodesk Fourth Quarter and Full Year Fiscal 2025 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the call over to Simon Mays-Smith, Vice President Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Simon Mays-Smith : Thanks, operator, and good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss Autodesk’s fiscal 2025 fourth quarter and full year results. Andrew Anagnost, our CEO, and Janesh Moorjani, our CFO, are on the line with me. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements, including outlook and related assumptions, and on products, go-to-market and strategies. Actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Form 10-Q and the Form 8-K filed with today’s press release, for important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will quote several numeric or growth changes during this call as we discuss our financial performance. Unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. All non-GAAP numbers referenced in today’s call are reconciled in our press release or Excel financials and other supplemental materials available on our Investor Relations website. And now, I will turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost : Thank you, Simon, and welcome everyone to the call. Autodesk delivered strong fourth quarter and full year results. Billings and revenue topped the higher end of our expected range, despite new foreign exchange headwinds, while margins and free cash flow exceeded our expectations. You will all have seen our restructuring announcement this afternoon, which has two parts: first, we have initiated the optimization phase of our sales and marketing plan, and second, we are reallocating internal resources to accelerate our strategic priorities and strengthen our resilience. Let me talk about them in turn. Our go-to-market; GTM model, has evolved significantly and purposefully, from the transition to subscription and multi-year contracts billed annually, through self-service enablement, the adoption of direct billing, and more. We are now beginning the optimization phase, which positions Autodesk to better meet the evolving needs of its customers and channel partners. This comes from faster and less complex processes and more digital self-service and automation that enable tighter channel partnerships and less duplication of effort. Autodesk will continue to evolve its GTM to increase customer satisfaction and Autodesk’s productivity. Our current focus is on marketing, customer success, and operations with an emphasis on consolidating teams into centers of excellence and investing in systems and processes that increase sales and marketing, S&M efficiency at scale. Our future focus will be on tighter channel partner integration, which will drive sales productivity and a greater emphasis on value creation for customers, and the broad deployment of self-service capabilities to further increase sales and marketing efficiency. Through this on-going optimization, we expect operating profit dollars and pre-new transaction model non-GAAP margin improvement in both fiscal 2026 and fiscal 2027 and, once the optimization phase is complete, we expect to deliver GAAP margins among the best in the industry. Turning to where we are reallocating internal resources to focus on the long-term. Autodesk is focused on the convergence of design and make in the cloud, enabled by platform, industry clouds, and AI. Our investments in cloud, platform, and AI are ahead of our peers and will drive growth by providing our customers with increasingly valuable and connected solutions and supporting a much broader customer and developer ecosystem. To maintain and extend this leadership, we’re shifting resources across the company to accelerate investments in these high-potential strategic priorities. We are also building the capabilities we will need to enable future optimization and ensuring that we distribute critical expertise globally to remain competitive, resilient, and flexible. As I said last quarter, we are generating strong and sustained momentum in absolute terms and relative to peers. There are three main reasons; attractive long-term secular growth markets, a focused strategy delivering ever more valuable and connected solutions to our customers, and a resilient business. Disciplined execution is driving greater operational velocity and efficiency. We are deploying capital to grow the business, further reduce our share count, and enhance value creation over time. We believe these factors will deliver sustainable shareholder value over many years. Janesh is with me here at our annual sales conference today. We’re excited to have him at Autodesk and he’s already making an impact. I'd like to welcome him and turn the call over to him, so he can take you through our results and guidance for the year ahead. I’ll then come back to provide an update on our strategic growth initiatives.
Janesh Moorjani : Thanks, Andrew. I'm delighted to be here with all of you. Before I get into our results, I’ll touch on two areas of potential that I saw that attracted me to Autodesk. First, we are well-positioned to deliver growth at scale, as we drive the convergence of design and make in the cloud, enabled by platform, industry clouds, and AI. And second we have significant potential to drive expanded profitability, as we further optimize the level and effectiveness of investments in the business. Having spent the last few months gaining a deeper understanding of our business, I am confident in our ability to do both. Let’s turn to the results. The fourth quarter and full-year fiscal 2025 results were strong. Overall, the broader economic environment and the underlying momentum of the business in the fourth quarter were consistent with the last few quarters with continuing strong renewal rates and headwinds to new business growth. Total revenue in the fourth quarter grew 12% as reported and in constant currency. We generated broad-based growth across products and regions. By product in constant currency: AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT revenue grew 9%; AECO revenue grew 15%; manufacturing revenue grew 10%, and in the low teens excluding up-front revenue; and M&E revenue grew 10%. Our Make products continue to enhance growth, driven by ongoing strength in Construction and Fusion. By region in constant currency, revenue grew 11% in the Americas, 13% in EMEA, and 11% in APAC. The contribution from the new transaction model to revenue was $46 million in the fourth quarter and $71 million for the year. Direct revenue increased 35% in constant currency, and represented 47% of total revenue, up 8 percentage points from last year, benefiting from strong growth in the Autodesk Store, and also from the tailwind to revenue from the new transaction model. Billings increased 24% in the quarter at constant currency, reflecting the shift to annual billings for most multi-year contracts and the transition to the new transaction model. The contribution from the new transaction model to billings was $155 million in the fourth quarter and $262 million for the full year. RPO of $6.9 billion and current RPO of $4.5 billion grew 14% and 12%, respectively. As expected, current RPO growth was affected by tailwinds from the new transaction model, and headwinds from the declining contribution of billed and unbilled deferred revenue from larger multi-year and EBA cohorts ahead of renewal in fiscal 2026. Turning to margins. Fourth-quarter GAAP and non-GAAP operating margins were 22% and 37%, respectively, reflecting year-over-year increases of 90 basis points and 160 basis points. We were pleased that we exceeded our non-GAAP margin expectations, demonstrating strong fiscal discipline. For fiscal 2025, GAAP and non-GAAP margins increased approximately 220 and 140 basis points year-over-year, respectively, excluding the impact of the new transaction model and currency movements. Free cash flow for fiscal 2025 was $1.57 billion, which was ahead of the high end of our guidance. In the fourth quarter, we purchased approximately 1.4 million shares for $414 million, at an average price of approximately $299 per share. For the full year, we purchased approximately 3.1 million shares for $858 million, at an average price of approximately $279 per share. Turning to guidance. To give you a clearer view on the underlying dynamics of the business, I will speak to the numbers excluding the impacts of the new transaction model and in constant currency. You’ll also see in today's earnings deck that we’ve split out the impact of the new transaction model and currency movements for our fiscal 2026 guidance. For a thorough review of how the new transaction model works, please see the opening commentary and earnings deck from our Q2 fiscal 2025 earnings call. Let me start by framing how we are thinking about fiscal 2026. Our starting position is strong. We hold leadership positions in many of our markets and have a loyal customer base with a high degree of recurring revenue. We are leading in cloud, platform and AI as we help our customers realize the benefits of converged workflows and data in the cloud. In building our guidance, we have not assumed fundamental changes in the broader geopolitical and macroeconomic environment or in the momentum of our markets. Our business model is resilient, and we are seeing strong momentum in our growth businesses like Construction and Fusion. Our focus through fiscal 2026 will be on driving growth from new and existing customers while maintaining strong renewal rates. Our approach to building the guidance for fiscal 2026 was similar to that for fiscal 2025. Our guidance is based on the range of possible outcomes in our bottom-up sales forecast which is grounded in the momentum of the business. Given our restructuring plans and CRO transition, we believe some disruption is possible. While we have mitigation plans and actions in place for these changes, we believe it is prudent to consider these in our outlook, and our guidance reflects this. This frames how we are thinking about fiscal 2026. There are more financial details in our earnings press release and earnings deck, but let me give you some color. We expect constant currency billings growth of 17% to 19%, excluding the impact of the new transaction model. Billings growth remains elevated this year due to our transition to annual billing for most multi-year contracts. We expect constant currency revenue growth of between 8% and 9%, excluding the impact of the new transaction model. This range reflects the assumptions that I mentioned earlier. We expect GAAP operating margin to be in the range of 21% to 22%. Excluding the impact of the new transaction model and currency movements, we expect non-GAAP operating margin to be in the range of 39% to 40%, which is at the higher end of the guidance range we gave three years ago. We expect to generate between $2.075 billion and $2.175 billion of free cash flow in fiscal 2026. This is after absorbing approximately $110 million to $120 million of cash outflows related to the actions we announced earlier today, and includes an anticipated discrete cash benefit of $130 million to $150 million from the utilization of US deferred tax assets. We've provided more information on this in the slide deck. We expect to buy back between approximately $1.1 billion and $1.2 billion of shares in fiscal 2026, which is a 30% to 40% increase compared to fiscal 2025, and the timing of which will depend on market conditions and other factors like debt refinancing. The slide deck on our website has more details on modeling assumptions for the first quarter and full year fiscal 2026. Finally, I’ll share how we are currently thinking about our longer-term future. Since joining Autodesk last December, my conviction in our market opportunity, our ability to meaningfully expand our operating margin, and our capacity to deliver sustainable shareholder value over many years, has been reaffirmed. That said, our underlying growth has been hovering around the bottom end of the 10% to 15% revenue growth framework we previously provided, as you've seen over the past couple of years and in our fiscal 2026 guidance. While we believe our resilient base, the successful execution of our product strategy, and the benefits of the new transaction model will catalyze sustainable growth in the future, our 10% to 15% growth framework is no longer appropriate given the consistent momentum of the business today. On the other hand, it’s clear to me that margins can be higher. We’ve announced today the first phase of our go-to-market optimization which is primarily in marketing, customer success and operations, and reflects the continued execution of our overall go-to-market evolution of the past few years. We are focused on executing this plan while minimizing potential disruption. Through this phase, we intend to deliver underlying operating margin expansion in fiscal 2026, as reflected in our guidance, while also building capabilities we need for future optimization beyond fiscal 2026. These capabilities include tighter channel partnerships with less duplication of effort; and more digital self-service and automation, which increases customer satisfaction and workforce productivity. Once our overall go-to-market optimization is complete, we expect Autodesk will be able to better serve its customers and deliver GAAP margins among the best in the industry. We will share more on our path to further margin expansion at an investor day in the third quarter of this year. It’s been invigorating getting to work, finalizing our fiscal 2026 plans, and preparing for execution. I can already see there is tremendous potential ahead. I look forward to meeting our investors and analysts over the coming weeks. Andrew, back to you.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Janesh. Autodesk is focused on the convergence of design and make in the cloud, enabled by platform, industry clouds, and AI. Autodesk is at the forefront of convergence because we’ve been evolving and investing in the business models, products and platforms, and go-to-market that capitalize on it. With convergence, simulation done in the conceptual design phase can significantly reduce rework and cost during construction. With convergence, the components of a building can be manufactured offsite and assembled on site at lower cost and higher safety. With convergence, universal AI models can make better, and more valuable, inference that power a better world designed for all. Let me give you a few examples from the quarter. Mott MacDonald, a global engineering, development and management consultancy, known for its work on major projects such as Heathrow Airport Terminal 5 and the Bay Area Rapid Transit, BART Silicon Valley Phase II extension, renewed its 6th EBA in the quarter. This renewal expands our long-standing partnership to drive better outcomes through digital delivery. In addition to expanding usage of Revit, Civil 3D, Autodesk Build, and Autodesk Water, Mott MacDonald plans to leverage additional capabilities to increase project productivity and workflows for optimized design. Power Design, the #28 ENR 600 specialty contractor, selected Autodesk Build, as an essential link in their construction technology. This strategic choice enhances coordination between design and construction, ensuring seamless collaboration across teams and systems. By unifying project data from concept to completion, Autodesk helps Power Design protect design integrity, optimize workflows, and drive efficiency at scale. Cleveland Construction, a national commercial GC, is replacing a competitive solution with Autodesk Construction Cloud to support the next phase of its growth and leveraging our end-to-end solution from preconstruction to cost management and payments with GCPay. I talked earlier about closer integrations with our channel-partners and this deal demonstrates that potential. Using its proprietary technology for migrating project data from displaced solutions, an Autodesk platinum partner produced a comprehensive implementation plan that gave Cleveland Construction the confidence to make this transition. These stories have a common theme: converging people, processes and data across the project lifecycle to increase efficiency and sustainability, while decreasing risk. Our comprehensive end-to-end industry clouds and platform drive convergence and extend our footprint further into larger growth segments like infrastructure and construction. As a sign of our progress, construction revenue growth accelerated in the fourth quarter and we added almost 400 net new logos. Moving on to manufacturing, we made excellent progress on our strategic initiatives. Customers continue to invest in their digital transformations and consolidate on our Design and Make platform to drive growth and increase resilience. For example, a global leader in toys is expanding its usage of Autodesk to all three of our industry clouds; Fusion, Forma, and Flow, to meet its profitability goals in Manufacturing, while launching new revenue models into Digital Entertainment. Autodesk’s unique industry expertise across AECO, manufacturing and media bridges data across physical and digital product development and between design and make. Buhler a family-owned Swiss multinational plant equipment manufacturer, renewed and expanded its EBA in the quarter. Autodesk will be one of Buhler’s key strategic partners in the development and execution of their digital strategy, as it moves to optimize for outcomes by connecting data and workflows, from Product and Plant design to project delivery including Installation. MSC Industrial Supply, one of the largest industrial distributors in North America with the leading position across metalworking product categories, will begin leveraging Autodesk Fusion’s connected supply chain capabilities, and unique, all-in-one cloud CAD, CAM, CAE, and PCB platform, to enhance its industry-leading Application Optimization AP-OP program. Through this strategic relationship, MSC’s team of metalworking specialists will be able to optimize toolpaths and validate cutting parameters more efficiently through enhanced virtual testing capabilities that further strengthen their best-in-class tooling recommendations for manufacturing customers. By combining MSC’s suite of solutions and services with Autodesk Fusion’s advanced capabilities this partnership creates an unmatched value proposition for manufacturers in North America, resulting in approximately $500 million in savings for MSC's customers in fiscal year 2024. Converged data opens up new opportunities for Autodesk, in this case with a sales team. As customers seek to drive efficient innovation, Fusion extension attach rates are increasing and driving average sales prices [up] (ph). And we’re delivering meaningful productivity gains to customers where we deploy AI. For example, our recently launched AutoConstrain tool in Fusion, which leverages AI to simplify the process of defining sketch geometry, has a roughly 50% acceptance rate on suggested geometry, saving significant time for higher value work. In education, universities continue to modernize their courses and curriculum to attract and prepare future engineers. For example, in Q4, Autodesk signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the Indian Institute of Technology Bombay to integrate our industry leading solutions into IIT Bombay's innovative education and research programs, to equip the next generation of engineers and designers with industry ready skills. And lastly, we continue to work with our customers to ensure they are using the latest and most secure versions of our software. For example, while working with an administrator of European railway infrastructure in the process of adopting BIM to optimize its infrastructure development and sustainability practices, we identified gaps in compliance. Working together, we addressed compliance while supporting their digital transformation. Attractive long-term secular growth markets, a focused strategy delivering ever-more valuable and connected solutions to our customers, and a resilient business, are generating strong and sustained momentum in absolute terms and relative to peers. Disciplined execution is driving greater operational velocity and efficiency. We are deploying capital to grow the business, further reduce our share count, and enhance value creation over time. In combination, we believe these factors will deliver sustainable shareholder value over many years. Throughout Autodesk’s history, we have taken decisive actions to drive our business forward – even when they are difficult. This commitment has been paramount to our success over the last 40 years and remains true today. To our team members who depart as a result of our restructuring, I extend my sincere appreciation for your contributions to Autodesk. You will always be a part of Autodesk’s story, and I am grateful for everything you have done. Operator, we would now like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Saket Kalia of Barclays. Please go ahead, Saket.
Saket Kalia : Okay, great. Hi guys thanks for taking my question here. And welcome, Janesh.
Janesh Moorjani : Thanks, Saket.
Saket Kalia : Absolutely. Andrew, maybe to start with you. I want to zoom into the 10% to 15% medium growth rate a little bit. And if I'm understanding your comments correctly, the rate of new business growth is the key reason why that medium-term growth rate maybe is no longer appropriate. And you've been talking about slow new business for a while now. Maybe the question is, what drives that new business growth higher over time?
Andrew Anagnost : Yes. Good evening Saket, good to talk to you. Thanks for this question. Look, first off, I think you've got the thinking right up-front. Let me just comment a little bit on what's happened in the past and then I'll answer the substance of your question. So first off, if we look back in the past, there's a couple of things that were really impacting new business growth as we were moving to the last couple of years. One is all the things that Autodesk was changing. So we changed a lot of things that has a measurable impact on partner productivity with regards to balancing renewals and new business. The other thing was economic uncertainty, all the things associated with the macro environment. These things impaired some of our customers' willingness to invest in their business. So those things happen lately in the past. Moving forward, there's some things that we have control of and that we don't have control of that are going to drive us back on to our growth path. The first thing, if we look at the things we don't have control, we don't have control of the macro uncertainty. That is going to continue, and that will definitely impact some of our customers' thinking. But what we do have control of is in two key areas, one related to new product subs and one related to our new businesses that primarily show up in the Make category, the emerging and high-growth businesses. With regard to the former, we are on a journey of go-to-market optimization right now. And that is going to enhance the productivity of our channel. We've been impacting their productivity with all the change. We're on a cycle now where over a period of time, we'll be increasing their productivity. That's going to allow them to focus more on new business growth that's in our control. The other thing that's in our control is during this current rib cycle, we actually invested in driving the growth of our emerging and high-growth business on the mix side. And that includes investing in the industry cloud, the core cloud platform and in AI. So these things are going to not only continue the current momentum, but our goal is to enhance the current momentum. And these are high-growth businesses having long-term impacts on our business. So those are the things that are in our control that get us back to a place where we can feel confident in reinforcing the floor of our long-term business growth.
Saket Kalia : Got it. Got it. And maybe that's a natural segue for you, Janesh, I mean, as you know, margin potential has been one of the key investor debates on Autodesk. And so I mean, I think maybe to start, it is important to flag that margins here for '25 were ahead and the guide for '26 is higher than expected as well. But maybe you could just give us a little bit more color on the margin potential here. And how today's restructuring announcement, to Andrew's point, maybe fits into that debate?
Janesh Moorjani : Thanks, Saket. I appreciate this is one of the foremost issues on investors' minds. As I step back and look at fiscal '25 first, we are actually really pleased that we delivered strong outperformance here, thanks to our strong fiscal discipline in the fourth quarter. And I want to thank Betsy for setting us up for a strong Q4 on that front. Today's announcement does reflect the continuation of our multiyear journey as Andrew was talking about to evolve our go-to-market, and it fits in very nicely with our overall margin expansion goals. It's something that the team had been planning for thoughtfully since the introduction of the new transaction model. It's also allowing us to expand our underlying non-GAAP operating margin quite meaningfully this year when you hold aside the effects of the new transaction model. So when I look at it serving customers better through tighter integration and more cell service eventually expands our market opportunity and also ultimately lowers the unit cost of serving those customers, which will help driving even more efficient go-to-market motion in the future. So we have conviction in our potential to drive higher margins over time as we execute this plan and as we focus on future opportunities that I touched on in the opening commentary.
Saket Kalia: Very helpful guys. Thank you.
Janesh Moorjani : Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Adam Borg of Stifel. Please go ahead Adam.
Adam Borg: Awesome. Thanks so much for taking the question. I'd like to extend the welcome to Janesh as well. Maybe for Andrew, just piggyback on a comment you just made to Saket's question around just macro uncertainty and obviously, things that are outside of your control. I'd love to hear a little bit more about kind of what you're hearing with your customer conversations around overall sentiment, how that's playing out overall? And then maybe talk a little bit about the new administration and some potential puts and takes there either shortening regulation being a tailwind or some questions around tariffs, immigration policy and how that ultimately impacts customers and their decision-making over the next six to 12 months? Thanks so much.
Andrew Anagnost : Yes. Okay, Adam. Thanks for that question. So first off, our business is resilient enough. It's diversified enough that it can absorb and react to any kind of policy changes in a sustainable way. The thing I'm hearing from our customers is they want certainty. It's uncertainty that's kind of fueling customer angst. It's not what the output is, what the answer is. It's just the uncertainty. And that's the thing that we want to move fast -- past. We want to move to certainty, policy. Once policy's in place, I have faith in Autodesk's business to navigate whatever the policy is. But uncertainty is not something that our customers want to work through.
Adam Borg: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities. Please go ahead, Jay.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. Andrew, with respect to the 10% to 15% growth range you've previously spoken of, the company at its last analyst meeting gave us multiple elements of that. In other words, a variety of price and volume components for that, most of which have to do with your core business, as you call it, renewal and expansion within the core business, less so with new or adjacent businesses. So maybe break down that thinking about the growth range in those terms, perhaps with regard to how you're thinking about pricing leverage from here and the multiple elements of queue or volume that you had previously spoken of. Then I have a product question.
Andrew Anagnost : Yes. Jay, I'm going to go back to what I said previously and focus on these two key elements. Enhancing channel productivity as we move through all these changes, that is a critical thing for us. It is part of our ongoing optimization cycle. It's going to be something that delivers over multiple years. That will create a tailwind within our channel business for some of these core subs issues. And I think that's the more important thing to focus on. And the emerging businesses have always been a part of our plan. And I think you see very clearly that the make businesses are growing robustly and we are investing to make sure that those continue to grow at that rate or accelerate beyond that rate. So that's where you want to focus right now in terms of getting the business back to where we want it to be over time.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Outside of the various go-to-market changes and optimization and so forth, what would you say for this year and beyond are the critical product or technology executables that you are reallocating to or investing in? Maybe talk about how you're thinking about the business impact of platform services, the new data models and so on and so forth, things that we've talked about consistently most recently at AU.
Andrew Anagnost : Yes. So what we're doing is we're accelerating some of the road maps associated with our industry cloud. So you're going to see more activity associated with the Construction side and the Forma side of the AEC industry cloud. And you are going to see more energy and activity associated with the Fusion Cloud and some of the things associated to driving that. So there's investments made in that. Within the core platform, it is all about expanding the granular data that's available to our customers, expanding the footprint of APIs that are available to our customers and investing in that so that we can accelerate not only what our customers are accessing but the common services that the industry clouds are accessing. So that is part of the investment. And of course, we're going to continue to turn the crank on some of the [ARP] (ph) features. As you know, Jay, we just introduced our first commercial AI, a generative-AI feature into Fusion. It's the auto constraint feature. It's out there, getting used by our users. It's got approximately a 50% acceptance rate, which is a really high rate for a generative technology and it just gets smarter as it goes. That's a real productivity tool for our customers that really makes a difference. There is going to be more of those, right? And that's where the investment is going.
Jay Vleeschhouwer : Thank you Andrew.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason Celino of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your question please Jason.
Jason Celino : Great. Thanks for taking my question. One question on the guide and then the reduction in force. Now I'm cognizant that you've got some business momentum, and I understand why you're making the changes. But does the revenue guide assume any extra conservatism just on potential of disruption. It's just the change is quite a large reduction. So I guess what have you built into the guide relative to that?
Janesh Moorjani : Hi, this is Janesh. Maybe I'll take that. So as I mentioned in the opening commentary, our approach to building the guidance for fiscal '26 did consider a range of possible outcomes from our overall bottoms-up sales forecast. And then we did factor in some level of risk potential associated with the restructuring plans and the CRO transition. We've put in place good mitigation plans and actions that we have to manage those. But we thought it's prudent to consider these in our outlook. So our guidance does reflect that.
Jason Celino : Okay. I appreciate that. And then on prior calls, there were some mentions of a bigger EBA cohort, multiyear customers coming up for renewals, that wasn't really brought up on this call. Is that still an opportunity for you for this year? And any details on how big of a cohort this might be or what's built in? Thank you.
Janesh Moorjani : It's still an opportunity. We didn't reference it discretely because we have mentioned it before. Nothing has really changed on that front. We've got both the EBA cohort, as well as the product subscription multi-year cohorts that will come up for renewal later this year.
Jason Celino : Okay. Thank you Janesh.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Taylor McGinnis of UBS. Please go ahead, Taylor.
Taylor McGinnis: Yeah, hi. Thanks so much for talking my question. Just on the margin guide. So the underlying 300 basis points of margin improvement is really strong. But can you just break down and quantify the drivers of that expansion. So how much is from cost savings, like scaling back on some of the duplicative costs and streamlining the sales force? How much might be from cost savings associated with the risk? And then maybe just secondly, when we think about the margin potential beyond 2026, I guess, any initial thoughts you can provide there? Thanks.
Janesh Moorjani : Yes, I'm happy to take that. So as we think about the overall impact in fiscal '26 and the underlying operating margin increase that we're guiding to, that demonstrates our overall commitment to expanding profitability this year, obviously, but it's part of our longer-term plans. The reinvestment and our organic hiring plans, all of that is an integrated plan. You mentioned the actions that we've taken in the field organization and the [RIF] (ph), and that's all part of the same plan. We also had our organic hiring plans that we had for fiscal '26. So it's hard to break all of that apart. But that said, to just give you a sense of how we are thinking about it. If you look at our fiscal '25 total spending, that grew 7% year-over-year, excluding the new transaction model. And our fiscal '26 total spending, that implies growth of only 4% year-over-year on a similar basis in constant currency. So that gives you a sense of the extent of both the optimization and the spend discipline that we are driving in the business overall. And then as I think a little bit ahead on fiscal '27, we are committed to further margin expansion beyond fiscal '26 on an underlying basis, as we've talked about. And that will continue. And ultimately, when that overall go-to-market optimization is complete, we expect that we have GAAP margins among the best in the industry, and we'll share a little bit more details in terms of what that means when we get to our Investor Day in the third quarter.
Taylor McGinnis: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from Bhavin Shah of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead, Bhavin.
Bhavin Shah: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Janesh, just kind of following up on that, what's the timeline you guys are thinking about in terms of kind of seeing some of the benefits from a lot of the adjustments you're making to sales and marketing? And when do you kind of see that sales and marketing efficiency show up from a revenue perspective.
Janesh Moorjani : Yes. Bhavin, clearly, we are seeing a significant benefit here in fiscal '26 itself. As I mentioned, that's a big part of the underlying margin expansion that we are delivering. With respect to what that translates to for fiscal '27 and beyond as I mentioned, we've got more work to do in terms of the next set of activities that we need to plan for as we think about what it means to drive tighter channel partner integrations and build the capabilities that we need for self-service. We're investing this year to build those capabilities so that we can be set up to lower our overall cost to serve our customers in future years. And again, we will spell some of the details out around that in the Investor Day in the third quarter.
Bhavin Shah: That's super helpful. And just one quick follow-up. It sounds like you guys are going to be pretty aggressive from a shareholder return perspective in fiscal '26 and kind of given some of the changes you're talking about from the top line perspective and focus on efficiencies. How are you now thinking about M&A and do these actions change your view at all?
Andrew Anagnost : Yes, Bhavin, our view on M&A doesn't change. We've always been an acquisitive company. We're always looking for anything that can accelerate our strategy or take us into adjacencies that we think are relevant to the company. But that's consistent with previous stances on this. If we see something like that, we will act on it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joe Vruwink of Baird. Joe Vruwink, your line is open. Please go ahead.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Sorry, I was on mute. I'll get those right one of these times. I wanted to go back a few questions just on the year-over-year margin assumptions. It looks like if I'm reading Slide 10 correctly, you are assuming the agency change is about a 6-point impact on growth in the upcoming year. So I think that means a 6 point headwind on margins. You're kind of guiding to margins flat to slightly up. So can you bridge the 6 points you're able to layer back on to get to where you are guiding the year.
Janesh Moorjani : Joe, I am happy to take that. A 6 point revenue headwind is the right way to think about the top line, but that doesn't translate to a 6 point margin headwind. You'll see on that same slide that we've actually just fell out for you exactly what the margin headwind is as well it's 3 percentage points. So on an as-reported basis are -- we would expect to ultimately have 36% to 37%, and that's the same in constant currency. But once you adjust to the new transaction model as well as currency, that rises to 39% to 40%.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. And that's the underlying you're talking about. Okay. And --.
Janesh Moorjani : Keep in mind, you've got partner commissions that we pay as well in that model.
Joe Vruwink: Yes. Okay. Understood. And then going to—just it makes sense that as you see a slower new subscriber addition that builds over time and kind of compresses the revenue growth rate I guess the one thing that's a bit surprising is the growth rates in the AEC product segments are still really good, and I think this quarter was 14%. And that seems just as difficult an environment as what manufacturing customers and a lot of way are going through. Do you think you're kind of outperforming there in that segment and maybe those challenges elsewhere because it would seem like the AEC performance is ultimately standing out in this environment?
Andrew Anagnost : Yes. So what you are seeing in AEC is you're seeing our construction performance, all right? Construction is doing quite well. You saw that we added 400 new logos. We've got a building momentum there. We've got a great product. Looking forward, we are very bullish about where we're taking the construction business. The payment business is doing well. We are seeing wonderful growth associated with that. Customers like the product. They have plans to implement it. They're really attracted to the broad end-to-end solution. That's what people are buying for, their future, not for their present needs. They are trying to get front of where they need to be. That's what you're seeing in AEC. I also want to make sure that I just address something you said. Remember, with regards to manufacturing growth, you just have to take into account that we had some upfront revenue comparison last year. Those upfront revenue blips kind of have a disproportionate impact on how the manufacturing looks when you account for that, that growth is actually in low double digits. So we are actually performing well there as well relative to peers, especially on a full year basis. So what you're seeing in AEC, that's why you want to see us drive those Make businesses even more because they're really having an impact. Rev is doing great. There’s no doubt, but Construction is doing fantastic.
Joe Vruwink : Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Elizabeth Porter of Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead, Eizabeth.
Elizabeth Porter : Great. Thank you very much for the question. Self-service sounds like a pretty big opportunity to drive the underlying efficiency. And just given Autodesk, can be a complex piece of software that does require some higher touch from sales or partners. Just how should we think about the base of business that could be applicable to self-service. Any sort of comments to help us understand kind of where it is today and where it could go over time would be very helpful. Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost : Yes. Self-service can touch just about every aspect of our business from a transactional point of view. So for us -- as a matter of fact, in -- some of our reinvest, we are going into improving some of these self-service capabilities right out of the gate. So on a transaction basis, the easier you make it for customers to see what they own, manage what they own, add new seats and all the things and be aware of what their users are using and where they might need more capacity, that drives up-sell and cross-sell immediately. The other aspects of self-service on the support level, look, there's a bunch of things that our customers come in and do that are very low-value transactions that we're getting significantly better at building systems that can automatically address those needs with the customer so that we can focus our human resources on the high-value returns. So every aspect of the business can benefit from an improved and enhanced self-service and there is lots of low-hanging fruit as we move forward in terms of making the self-service capabilities easier to access, easier to use and more complete in terms of how they work with our customers.
Elizabeth Porter : Great. And then just given we are just now entering this optimization phase for sales and marketing, and it is going to be a multiyear journey, it sounds like. At a high level, could you just help us understand a bit more what are some of the near-term versus longer-term key milestones we should look towards as we're going through this optimization phase?
Andrew Anagnost : Yes. So first off, let me just remind everybody, this optimization phase is a deliberately planned activity connected to the last two years of changes. When we began the move to the new transaction model is when we began the planning of this optimization phase. So this is a purposeful, deliberate planned-out effort. The high-level main focuses for this are on optimizing certain processes, enhancing self-service like I talked about earlier, also improving efficiency and tightening the relationships with our partners, so that we just generally reduce duplication and get more efficiency from the whole system overall. The initial phases were focused primarily on some of our marketing efficiency some of the marketing-related go-to-market aspects of our efficiency. As we move forward, you're going to see us drill a little bit more into making sure that we're creating tighter relationships with our partners and ensuring that there's more optimization in terms of productivity associated with partner relationships, and you're going to see self-service have a bigger impact on the business moving forward. So considering a continuum from -- starting with the marketing optimization, moving through a continuum to enhancing partner engagement and getting more efficient there all the way through maximizing returns on self-service. All of that is going to deliver long-term margin improvement for the operating income improvement for the company.
Elizabeth Porter: Thank you. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Hedberg of RBC. Matt, your line is open.
Matt Hedberg : Great. Thanks for taking my questions. And congrats again, Janesh. Really look forward to working with you again here at Autodesk. And starting out the year with a really strong free cash flow guide is really great to see as well. Maybe, Andrew, you talked a little bit earlier about Fusion, Gen AI, the product launch there. I guess I'm just wondering more philosophically, could you talk about sort of how we should think about additional generative AI rollouts across the product portfolio, how we should think about pricing? And just kind of the sensitivity around some of these data models given, obviously, a lot of it is customer specific.
Andrew Anagnost : Yes. Look, we are very much focused on enhancing customer productivity with these tools. as the tools get more and more productive, obviously, there is opportunity to charge additional money for really high productivity AI features. So that we capture some of the productivity we bring to the customers. We share some of the productivity with them, and we capture some of the value back to us. What you're seeing with some of these early features is essentially things that help the customer build 3D models more quickly, more rapidly with a lot less labor. So that's really hitting them right in their productivity and it also makes our products much more competitive in situations, especially in Fusionland, we're dealing with a very large ecosystem of products that we compete with and this essentially sets up Fusion to be much more competitive as we move forward. If you look forward at some of the things we're doing in AEC, Forma is really dedicated to servicing AI capabilities that allow people to be much more productive creating building information models in a completely different way. We've already rolled out early conceptual features around analysis, around tools that help people make initial sizing a set of kind of doors and windows and initial frameworks. This has a huge possibility to bring them to the masses, meaning bring building information modeling down to smaller and smaller companies that have found Revit out of reach for both their capabilities and their budgets. Forma has an opportunity to really expand the footprint of who can do building information modeling. And that's one of the things we're targeting at those long term. So look for AI to provide not only new productivity, better competitive value and long-term potentially higher monetization for some of these highly productive features, but also look for it to expand our market footprint.
Matt Hedberg : Got it. That's super helpful. And then Janesh, one for you, it sounds like we are going to get maybe a bit more color on kind of a midterm model perhaps on the Q3 Analyst Day. And so maybe just as a follow-up question to kind of thinking about the lower end of that 10% to 15% guidance range. I guess, how should we think about like maybe a floor of growth? We're getting that from a couple of investors today. Is there kind of a way to think about like -- is it kind of like high single digits? Is it 10%? Just any way to kind of think about how you think about kind of the lower end of kind of a growth outcome.
Janesh Moorjani : Matt, great to be reconnected and looking forward to working with you, actually. So in terms of that growth range of the bottom-end of that framework of around 10%, if you look back over the last couple of years, that's where we fundamentally have been. And in fiscal '26, we are guiding to the 8% to 9% in constant currency, excluding the new transaction model effect. And actually, that's consistent with the underlying growth that we delivered in fiscal '25. So overall, we think that the business is resilient, and we've had consistent performance over a period of time, and our focus fundamentally is actually on driving sustainable growth as we continue to focus on new business growth and driving our Make business, especially through construction and manufacturing and the overall platform strategy like Andrew was saying.
Matt Hedberg : Thanks, guys. Congrats.
Janesh Moorjani : Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joshua Tilton of Wolfe Research. Please go ahead, Joshua.
Joshua Tilton : Hi, guys, can you hear me?
Janesh Moorjani : Yes, we can.
Joshua Tilton : Great. Thanks for sneaking me in, I have two quick ones. The first question is, is there any sense you can give -- you can just help us understand maybe where the NRR finished for the year relative to what you're guiding to for revenue for next year. So for example, you're guiding to about 8.5% core growth ex-transition for next year. Like where relative to that are existing customers growing finishing this year? And then my second question is just a little more simple. How much of the recent like restructuring -- RIF announcement benefit is factored into the current operating margin guidance for this year?
Janesh Moorjani : Yes. Maybe I'll just address both of those. So in terms of the net retention rate, you'll see that we have, in the modeling guidelines, we've provided a view on how we are thinking about fiscal '26, which is basically the same as it was in fiscal '25. It's a range of 100% to 110%. And I realize that is a wide range, and we are essentially guiding to 8% to 9% growth on the underlying. But the way I think about that is the net retention rate essentially is hovers around the middle of the range. It can bounce around by a few points in any particular quarter. That's why we put a reasonably wide range to it. And so that is how we are thinking about that piece. And I'm sorry, would you mind repeating the second question, please?
Joshua Tilton : Yes. Just how much of the recent risk announcement or layoff announcement benefit is baked into the current operating margin guidance for this year?
Janesh Moorjani : Yes. So as we built the operating margin guidance for the year, obviously, any savings from the action are baked into the guidance already. But as I talked about earlier, the reinvestment and our organic hiring plan that we had built for fiscal '26 is really an integrated plan. And so if I think about the overall spending growth that we've baked into the model, which might be a different way to look at it. That spending growth overall for fiscal '26, again holding aside the effect of the new transaction model is slowing from 7% last year to [4%] (ph) this year in constant currency.
Joshua Tilton: Thank you, very helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Turrin of Wells Fargo Securities. Your question please Michael.
Michael Turrin : Hey great. Thanks appreciate you taken the question. I know there have been a few different angles on this. But Janesh, just on the commentary around the long-term target, just any perspective you can add given it is early in your tenure, so decision process that went into this? And maybe help us parse how much is using a different set of assumptions there or just any more context you can add because that is where we're getting the most questions initially.
Janesh Moorjani : Yes, I'm happy to talk about that. And look, fundamentally, my view on the business is very similar to what we've experienced in the past. And coming into the business, recognizing that for the past couple of years, we've been hovering around the low-end of that range. And fiscal '26 on an apples-to-apples basis is very similar. The reality is we've just not been in the middle to high-end of that range and that's -- as I looked at the ranges, it felt inappropriate to have a range out there if we have not delivered against that in the last couple of years, at least being towards the middle or high end of that. And that was really the core principle behind this. But fundamentally, when I look at the business, as I said we delivered consistently, and it is a resilient business. You've seen us deliver over the last couple of years when there is been a lot of external factors that have been outside of our control. You've seen us do that through the business model transition we've been driving. We've got a strong and loyal customer base. Our products are in market-leading positions. We feel very good about our position overall.
Michael Turrin : Yes, that's helpful color. And then, Andrew, just on the headcount reduction. I know these are tough decisions. Maybe just speak to how you ensure you're making the right level of change there, balancing efficiency with preserving the continuity and business momentum you're seeing? Thanks.
Andrew Anagnost : Yes. So we look at these things definitely over a long timeframe, and we are definitely trying to balance the risk short-term with the reward long-term in terms of what we did. And we feel like we've taken a really balanced approach here. You can see we've reinvested some of the money into future systems and capabilities that will allow us to do additional optimizations in the future. So we're trying to make sure that we cut the right kind of balance here so that we keep the business moving in the right direction, and we factored a lot of that risk into the way we're guiding. So I think we've done it right. And I think the ongoing optimizations are going to continue to deliver increasing profits as we move forward into next year.
Michael Turrin: Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Wong of Oppenheimer & Company. Please go ahead, Ken.
Ken Wong : Great. Maybe the last one on just that 10% to 15% range. I realize inappropriate to kind of keep that out there given the conditions and the performance. But with all the improvements that you guys are putting through with the go-to-market changes, the work with the channel, I mean, should we think about the other side of this when macro is fine, when you guys have delivered on the go-to-market changes that 10% to 15% is back in play? Is it arguably maybe even a better number? Like help us think through what the end goal with some of these changes would be in respect to what were the prior 10% to 15% goals.
Andrew Anagnost : So Ken, where we're at right now, just to a [tax] (ph) the acknowledgment of where the business is right now. What you're not hearing is a reduction in face of the long-term growth potential for the company, all right? The areas we're talking about are the areas that really need to improve to drive the kind of behavior we want long term. It's all about getting the channel more productive. That's going to be a result of some of the changes that we're doing right now in some of the optimizations. The more productive the channel is, the more energy it has to spend on new business, the more the new business starts to build up over time and actually show up as revenue growth over time. The other thing is we are really excited about moving the design and make solution in a lot of our customers. So watch that make bucket because that's a clear sign that we are being successful penetrating the end-to-end solution. That's real long-term new growth for Autodesk. And by investing in that, we are essentially front-loading the capability to keep building up that book of business, which then shows up in the top-line over time. So that's the way to look at it. It's not a retreat from confidence in the long-term growth structure of the business, quite the contrary, but it is an acknowledgment of where we are at today.
Ken Wong : Got it. Okay. Perfect. And then just a quick follow-up on, like, look, you guys have rolled out across all three regions now as far as the agency transition. Any update on how kind of those three areas are tracking. Obviously, we have the Americas, which were kind of a little further along, but you just rolled out APAC, would just love a sense of kind of how those are mapping relative to internal plans.
Andrew Anagnost : Yes. So for the most part, things are going as we planned. There's an initial kind of pull forward of the business, and there is some production in new business as people go through getting their systems set up and renewing. We did see a few more productivity problems as we were hitting the end of all these rollouts than was originally expected, but we are now working through all of that. But for the most part, this is perceived as we expected, with a little bit more kind of, okay, we have some work to do to help the partners manage these systems effectively moving forward.
Ken Wong: All right. Perfect. Thank you so much Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost : You’re very welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that is all the time we have for Q&A today. I would now like to turn the conference back to Simon Mays-Smith for closing remarks.
Simon Mays-Smith: Thank you, everyone, for joining us today. We'll look forward to seeing many of you over the coming weeks. If you have any questions, please just e-mail me [simon@autodesk.com] (ph), and we'll look forward to catching up on our Q1 earnings call. Thanks so much [Latif] (ph) the team, and goodbye, everyone.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2025 Q3  (2024-11-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to Autodesk Third Quarter and Fiscal Year 2025 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the call over to Simon Mays-Smith, VP, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Simon Mays-Smith: Thanks, operator, and good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the third quarter results of Autodesk’s fiscal ‘25. On the line with me is Andrew Anagnost, our CEO and Betsy Rafael, our Interim CFO. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements, including outlook and related assumptions, and on products and strategies. Actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Form 10-Q and the Form 8-K filed with today’s press release, for important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will quote several numeric or growth changes during this call as we discuss our financial performance. Unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year on year comparison. All non-GAAP numbers referenced in today's call are reconciled in our press release or Excel Financials and other supplemental materials available on our Investor Relations website. And now, I will turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Simon, and welcome everyone to the call. We finished the third quarter Q3 of the year strongly delivering 12% revenue growth in constant currency and have again raised full year guidance. This reflects the sustained momentum of the business and successful execution of our strategy, including a smooth implementation of the new transaction model in Western Europe. Once again, opportunity, resilience and discipline underpinned our performance. Last month at Autodesk University in San Diego, we hosted 12,000 registered attendees and another 30,000 online. We showed how granular data in the cloud, organized the data models and connected to everything through APIs can deliver even more valuable and connected solutions for customers and partners and support a much broader ecosystem and marketplace. Customers and channel partners that I spoke with at AU remained cautiously optimistic, a sentiment consistent with the underlying momentum of our business, our growing product usage and building connected bid activity trends over recent quarters. I left AU with a tremendous sense of purpose and optimism in the ingenuity and persistence of our customers and for the future. On our earnings call last quarter, I set out our secular growth opportunities and our strategy to capitalize on them. I concluded that Autodesk's investment in cloud, platform and AI in pursuit of those opportunities were ahead of its peers. AU was a good demonstration of that. But we're also leading the industry in modernizing our go to market motion, starting a few years ago with the subscription transition through consumption and self-service enablement and more recently to direct billing. These initiatives enable Autodesk to build larger and more durable direct relationships with its customers and to serve them more efficiently. We have already seen significant benefits from initiatives like these and there's more to come in the next optimization phase. Taking out the effects on margins from FX and the new transaction model, we still expect to be towards the midpoint of our fiscal ‘26 non-GAAP operating margin target of 38% to 40% in fiscal ‘25, a year ahead of schedule. We are confident we will make further improvement in fiscal ‘26 on the same basis. The new transaction model will enable tighter channel partnerships with less duplication of effort and more digital self-service and automation, which increases customer satisfaction and workforce productivity. It will also create new opportunities for partners and Autodesk to earn more with less emphasis on transaction revenue sharing and a greater emphasis on value creation for customers. Once complete, we expect the new transaction model and subsequent go to market optimization to increase sales and marketing efficiency and deliver GAAP margins among the best in the industry. Attractive long-term secular growth markets, a focused strategy delivering ever more valuable and connected solutions to our customers, and a resilient business are generating strong and sustained momentum both in absolute terms and relative to peers. Disciplined execution and capital deployment is driven even greater operational velocity and efficiency within Autodesk and will underpin the mechanical build of revenue and free cash flow over the next few years and GAAP margins among the best in the industry. We will continue to deploy capital to offset and buy forward dilution as our free cash flow grows from the fiscal ‘24 trough. This practice has reduced our share count over the last three years. We have significantly increased our share repurchase authorization to extend this momentum flexibility over the medium term with the precise trajectory remaining dependent on our debt repayment schedule and the ebb and flow of M&A. In combination, we believe these factors will deliver sustainable shareholder value over many years. Before I conclude, I'd like to formally welcome Janesh to Autodesk. We're excited to welcome Janesh who brings a wealth of experience and will be instrumental in sustaining Autodesk's growth and enhanced profitability momentum. Of equal importance, I'd like to thank Betsy for stepping in as interim CFO at an important time in the company's journey and I'm looking forward to continuing to work closely with her as an Autodesk Board member. I will now turn the call over to Betsy to discuss our quarterly financial performance and guidance for the year. I'll then return to provide an update on our strategic growth initiatives.
Betsy Rafael : Thanks, Andrew. Q3 was another strong quarter. We generated broad-based underlying growth across products and regions. In addition, we saw revenue increases from the new transaction model and M&A, which were offset by the absence of enterprise business agreement true ups from Q3 last year and FX. Our make products continued to enhance growth driven by our ongoing strength in construction and fusion. Overall, macroeconomic, policy and geopolitical challenges and the underlying momentum of the business were consistent with the last few quarters with continued strong renewal rates and headwinds to our new business growth. Total revenue grew 11% and 12% in constant currency. By product in constant currency: AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT revenue grew 8%. AEC revenue, which was most impacted by the absence of true-up revenues, grew 12%; manufacturing revenue grew 16% and still comfortably in double digits excluding upfront revenue. And M&E revenue grew 15%, boosted by the Pix acquisition and associated integration adjustments. By region in constant currency, revenue grew 11% in the Americas, which was most impacted by the absence of true revenues, 13% in EMEA and 14% in APAC. The mechanical contribution from the new transaction model to revenue was $17 million in the third quarter and $25 million on a year to date basis. Direct revenue increased 23% and represented 42% of total revenue, up 4 percentage points from last year, benefiting from strong growth in both EBAs and the Autodesk store and also the natural tailwind to revenue from the new transaction model. Net revenue retention rate remained within the 100% to 110% range at constant exchange rate. Billings increased 28% in the quarter, reflecting a tailwind from the prior year shift to annual billings for most multiyear contracts, early renewals and the natural tailwind from the transition to the new transaction model. Similar to last quarter and as expected, co-turning negatively impacted billings ahead of the launch of the new transaction model in Western Europe. The natural contribution from the new transaction model to billings was $72 million in the third quarter and $108 million on a year to date basis. Total deferred revenue decreased 9% to $3.7 billion and was again impacted by the transition from upfront to annual billings for multi-year contracts. Total RPO of $6.1 million and current RPO of $4 million grew 17% and 14%, respectively, which reflects a tailwind from early renewals and the new transaction model and a headwind from the declining contribution of billed and unbilled deferred revenue from large multi-year and EBA cohorts ahead of renewals in fiscal 2026. Excluding these, current RPO growth was broadly consistent with Q2. We do expect the new transaction model and the larger FY’26 renewal cohorts to have a greater impact on both RPO and current RPO growth in Q4 of fiscal ‘25. Turning to margins, GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins were broadly level. With Autodesk University shifting back to Q3 this year from Q4 last year, GAAP and non-GAAP operating margins decreased by 2 and 3 percentage points respectively. The timing effect from AU obviously washes out over the full year. At current course and speed, the ratio of stock based compensation as a percentage of revenue peaked in fiscal ‘24 will fall by more than a percentage point in fiscal ‘25 and will be below 10% over time. Free cash flow for the quarter was $199 million. This benefited from some channel partners in Western Europe booking business earlier in the quarter ahead of the transition to the new transaction model really to de-risk month 1 after the transition. This accelerated free cash flow to the third quarter, which was partially offset by the expected negative impact of co-terming in Western Europe. Turning now to capital allocation. We continue to actively manage capital within our framework and deploy it with discipline and focus through the economic cycle to drive long term shareholder value. As expected, the pace of buybacks picked up in the third quarter. We purchased approximately 1.2 million shares or $319 million at an average price of approximately $269 per share. We will continue to deploy capital to offset and buy forward dilution as our free cash flow grows from the fiscal ’24 trough. This practice has reduced our share count by about 5 million shares over the last three years with an average percentage reduction of about 70 basis points per year. We increased the amount authorized under our share repurchase program by $5 billion for a total of approximately $9 billion This extends our flexibility over the medium term with the precise trajectory remaining dependent on our debt repayment schedule as well as the ebbs and flow of M&A. Now let me finish with guidance. As we said in February, the pace of the rollout of the new transaction model will create noise in billings and the P&L. So we think free cash flow is the best measure of our performance. Taking out that noise, the underlying momentum in the business remains consistent with the expectations embedded in our guidance range for the full year with continued strong renewal rates and headwinds to new business growth. Our sustained momentum in the third quarter and smooth launch of the new transaction model in Western Europe reduced the likelihood of our more cautious forecast scenario. Given that, we're raising the midpoint of our billing, revenue, margin, earnings per share and free cash flow guidance ranges. So let me give you a little bit more detail. The underlying momentum of billings is in line with our expectations. Compared to our modeling at the start of the year, the launch of the new transaction model in Western Europe in Q3 and early renewals have been a tailwind to billing, whereas more co-terming, more business done under the old buy sell model before the launch of the new transaction model and in recent weeks FX movements have been headwind stability. We now estimate that the new transaction model will provide between a 5 and 5.5 percentage point tailwind to billings growth in fiscal ‘25. We've raised the midpoint of our fiscal ‘25 billings guidance by $10 million to a range of $5.90 billion to $5.98 billion. The underlying momentum of revenue is also in line with our expectations. We estimate the new transaction model will provide around 1 to 1.5 percentage point tailwind to revenue growth in fiscal ‘25. Upfront revenue contributed 2 percentage points to revenue growth in Q4 of fiscal ‘24 and therefore this is a headwind in Q4 of fiscal ‘25. While not large enough to call out at the start of the year, it was already factored into our Q4 and our full year model. We've raised the midpoint of our fiscal ‘25 revenue guidance range by $18 million to a range of $6.12 billion to $6.13 billion. We're increasing our GAAP and non-GAAP margin guidance midpoint by 25 basis points by raising the bottom end of the ranges by 50 basis points. The GAAP margin guidance range is now 21.5% to 22%. The non-GAAP margin guidance range is now 35.5% to 36%, which includes a 1 to 1.5 percentage point underlying margin improvement broadly offset by the margin headwinds from the new transaction model and the related incremental investments in people, processes and automation. The underlying momentum of free cash flow is also in line with our expectations. The headwind to billings from co-terming and FX rate that I mentioned earlier is being offset by early renewals, faster collection and improved underlying margins. We raised the midpoint of our fiscal ‘25 free cash flow guidance by $10 million and tightened the range to $1.47 billion to $1.5 billion. We expect strong free cash flow growth in fiscal ‘26 because of the return of our largest multiyear renewal cohort, the natural mechanical stacking of multiyear contracts billed annually and a larger EBA cohort. With our current trajectory, we still estimate free cash flow in fiscal ‘26 to be around $2.05 billion at the midpoint. The slide deck on our website has more details on modeling assumptions for Q3 and for the full fiscal year ‘25. And while this may be my last earnings call for Autodesk, I will stick around for a bit to ensure a smooth transition for Janesh. Thank you, Andrew, and everyone at Autodesk for your support while I was here and to the many investors and the analysts with whom I've had lively discussions over the last few quarters. While the transition to annual billings for multiyear contracts and deployment of the new transaction model has created noise in billings in the P&L, they do provide a natural near term tailwind to revenue and free cash flow growth. Combined with a resilient business model, sustained competitive momentum, Autodesk has enviable sources of visibility and certainty in a very uncertain world. For all these reasons, I step down from my role as Interim CFO with tremendous optimism for the future. Andrew, back to you.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Betsy. Let me finish by updating you on our strong progress in the third quarter. We continue to see good momentum in AEC, particularly in infrastructure and construction, fueled by customers consolidating on to our solutions to connect and optimize previously siloed workflows through the cloud. The cornerstone of that growing interest is our comprehensive end-to-end solutions encompassing design, pre-construction, field execution through handover and into operations. This breadth of connected capability enables us to extend our footprint further into infrastructure and construction and also expand our reach into the midmarket. As a sign of our growing momentum as the benefits of our end to end solution become more apparent, our construction business continue to perform robustly with net new customers doubling year over year and existing customers renewal and expansion rates remaining strong. Let me give you a few examples. Power Construction is number 79 on the engineering news record ENR top 400 U.S. Contractor list. It is a Chicago-based general contractor serving residential and non-residential end markets. After completing a competitive RFP to replace its legacy project management tool, Power selected Autodesk for its unified construction platform across preconstruction, construction and VDC. By standardizing on Autodesk Construction Cloud, Power will have a single source of truth for project data, enhanced collaboration capabilities and streamlined workflows on a single platform. Power Construction was one of two ENR 400 top 100 U.S. Contractors that standardized enterprise wide on Autodesk build during the quarter. In Europe, Bouygues, a top 10 ENR 250 International contractor based in France and leader in sustainable building and infrastructure projects renewed and expanded its EBA in the quarter. Bouygues is continuing to consolidate on Autodesk Solutions across the enterprise, including broader adoption of Autodesk Forma, Carbon Insight and Informed Design to digitize, decarbonize and industrialize projects. It also significantly increases commitment to Autodesk Construction Cloud to drive efficiency gains and faster bid response times through better collaboration between design and project teams. Surbana Jurong is number 23 on ENRs top 225 International Design Firms. Based in Singapore, it is an urban infrastructure and integrated solutions consulting firm. In Q3, it renewed its third EBA which included increased investment in Autodesk Construction Cloud and Autodesk Water Infrastructure Solutions. ACC is helping to scale its operations through increased automation, integrated design workflows and enhanced collaboration across time zones. Our Water Infrastructure Solutions will be a core technology supporting its growth ambitions in planning, designing, engineering and managing water projects for customers worldwide. Again, these stories have a common theme, managing people, processes and data across the project lifecycle to increase efficiency and sustainability while decreasing risk. Over time, we expect the majority of all projects to be managed this way and we remain focused on enabling that transition through our industry clouds. Moving on to manufacturing. We made excellent progress on our strategic initiatives. Customers continue to invest in their digital transformation and consolidate on our Design and Make platform. Fusion remains one of the fastest growing products in the manufacturing industry. As customers seek to drive innovation and growth at lower cost, Fusion extension attach rates are increasing which is helping to drive the average sales price higher. For example, in the quarter, a global manufacturer supplying the semiconductor industry selected Fusion Manage and Vault PLM over competitive solutions to foster greater collaboration across manufacturing sites and improve operating efficiency. Once fully scaled and operational, this customer expects to save 105,000 hours per year by connecting people and data resulting in reduced product development cost and faster time to market. In the UK, Playdale Playground has been designing, manufacturing and installing outdoor playground equipment for over 40 years. This quarter, Playdale added Fusion to its existing portfolio of audio solutions including Inventor, AutoCAD and Vault to streamline and digitize workflows, optimize production to reduce lead times, reduce non-conformities and replace inefficient excel driven operations on the shop floor. A long-time Autodesk customer and global leader in precision engineering solutions renewed and expanded it’s EBA in the quarter. In addition to Inventor, Vault and AutoCAD, it is adopting Fusion's general design capabilities for material waste reduction and fluid flow optimization and mold flow to reduce manufacturing costs and defects while increasing mold yields. In education, universities continue to modernize their courses and curriculum to attract and prepare future engineers. For example, from this winter, students at the University of Stuttgart’s Institute for Medical Device Technology will use Fusion across 6 courses. Fusion was selected to replace a competitive solution for its modern platform, ease of use, cloud collaboration capabilities and unique combination of PCB and Additive manufacturing workflows in a single team environment. And lastly, we continue to work with our customers to ensure they are using the latest and most secure versions of our software. For example, after a period of rapid scaling and diversification, a large multinational manufacturing company in APAC was looking to align compliance rates across its global employee base. Working collaboratively, we addressed compliance issues while cementing a long term partnership and completing one of our largest ever license compliance agreements which included expanded adoption of Alias and VRED for the design studio and PDMC for mechanical engineering and rail design. Attractive long term secular growth markets, a focused strategy delivering ever more valuable and connected solutions to our customers and a resilient business are generating strong and sustained momentum both in absolute terms and relative to peers. Disciplined execution and capital deployment is driving even greater operational velocity and efficiency within Autodesk. And we continue to deploy capital to deliver sustainable shareholder value over many years. I retain a tremendous sense of purpose and optimism in the ingenuity and persistence of our customers and for the future. Operator, we would now like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jason Celino of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jason Celino: Hey, thanks for taking my questions. Just two for me. The first one, Andrew, some of us are unfamiliar with Janesh. Can you just tell us a little bit more about him and what he brings to Autodesk?
Andrew Anagnost : I certainly can. Before I do that, let me make sure that I thank Betsy for everything she brought to Autodesk during this interim period. I really appreciate it, the company appreciates it. Thank you, Betsy. Now, we're really excited about Janesh. Let me tell you why we're excited about Janesh. As you remember, one of the things I was telling you that I was looking for was someone that was going to be able to dispassionately drive optimization and scale inside Autodesk. And what that really means is someone that's going to be really inwardly focused looking at every dollar that we invest and make sure that we're getting the most returns for the business, that investors are getting the best returns from their business. The next kind of criteria we were looking for, which is a nice to have was time in the seat as a sitting CFO, which was important for us as well. But it was kind of the next nice to have after the optimization of scale. Janesh brings a great balance of both of those things, all right. He's been in the seat seven years at Elastic, both CFO and COO, driving some fairly turbulent changes inside of Elastic. So he's got battle scars from pushing inside the company to get changes done inside and we like that. We like that a lot. He's also got very good early experience at companies that we feel have always added value to Autodesk. So, he was at VMware in a senior position, he was at Cisco in a senior position. We've had good success bringing people from those kind of companies. He worked at those companies driving optimization at scale, which is the number one criteria I was looking for when we're driving this work. He also has another nice to have. He's got knowledge of our industry. He spent two years at PTC in his career. He was actually recently on the PTC Board. So, he understands our industry and he'll be able to get up to speed pretty quickly. The number one goal here, drive optimization and scale over the next few years, make sure that we're getting everything we need from every dollar we invest, which is a very important theme for Autodesk. And with that, I'm really excited and I'm looking forward to him joining in December.
Jason Celino: Okay, great. Interesting. And then for my second question, now that you do have a CFO, do you have any thoughts on when you might hold the next Investor Day? I think in the past you usually did it in March. Is that a good timeframe or is that too soon?
Andrew Anagnost : Yeah. Well, Janesh is joining in December. I think we need to give him time to get his few legs on, give him time to kind of drive the end of the year and actually get us set up for next fiscal year in good speed. So, I would say, it's unlikely we will be doing anything in the spring, but we will get back to you on that as soon as Janesh is ready to talk about those things.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Andrew, as of the third quarter, your three year CAGR for current RPO is about 12%. How are you thinking about the sustainability or perhaps improvement upon that CAGR for CRPO over the next number of years? When we think about the ingredients of that, it looks like over the last several years, the CAGR for your unit volume for all brands is roughly 6% to 7% in the aggregate. So on top of that, you've had price and other ingredients, but perhaps talk about how you think you might be able to improve upon the most recent trajectory for current RPO? Then my follow-up.
Betsy Rafael : Yeah. Hi, Jay. This is Betsy. Let me just give you a couple of things. There's a number of things that are going on, on the headline of the CRPO number. If you first take away the headwinds and the tailwinds, CRPO was broadly consistent with the second quarter. And as I mentioned in my opening commentary, early renewals and growth with and the new transaction model are providing a tailwind. And then there's also a headwind to CRPO growth from the declining contribution of billed and unbilled deferred revenue, ripped from the large multiyear and EBA cohort coming up for renewal in fiscal '26. And just as a reminder, these are the same larger cohorts we are calling out as tailwinds to free cash flow for next year. And if you look back to fiscal ‘22, we saw the same dynamic ahead of the fiscal 2023 renewals as well.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Since new management is part of the news this evening, could you talk about how you're thinking about the Chief Revenue Officer position? Would it make sense perhaps to continue to have separate CRO or do you think it might make more sense perhaps to combine CRO and COO?
Andrew Anagnost : Yeah. So, we're going to continue to have a separate CRO because we have various functions that work together there under the COO organization including our IT organization, our infrastructure and all things associated with. What we're looking for in our CRO is someone that understands how to continue to drive a business when you have direct engagement with the customer. So that means someone that really understands what it takes to analyze self-service patterns, actually understand the data that comes in from the customers to help drive cross sell and up sell, while also transforming a channel from a transactionally focused extension of Autodesk to kind of a solutions partner that's driving lifecycle solutions for our customers. So, that's the kind of role we're looking for here. And yes, it's going to continue to be a standalone CRO role within the COO organization.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Adam Borg of Stifel.
Adam Borg: Awesome. Thanks so much for taking the questions and congrats to Betsy and Janesh. Maybe on the new transaction model, I know it's still early. I was just curious, are there any learnings from those customers that are on the new model that you're seeing in terms of the adoption of Autodesk technology and the ability to find white space to better upsell and cross-sell different solutions now that you have a more direct relationship?
Andrew Anagnost : Yeah, Adam, it's really early on to be able to make any kind of conclusions about that. What I can tell you is that we definitely see some shift to some of the direct channels at Autodesk for customers that were probably just served on a very kind of arm's length kind of transactional level. But in terms of driving cross sell and upsell, early days, early days. But if you want to get a sense for how that might evolve, we've got experience with our EBAs and our enterprise business agreements. And we've learned over the years that having that kind of relationship with the customer, where we really understand their usage patterns, who they are and what they're doing, we are much more effective at driving cross sell and up sell, even when partnering with our channel partners. So I think those kind of stand as a testament of what's possible as we move forward with the completion of the new transaction model.
Adam Borg: Great. And maybe just as a quick follow-up, just as we think about the new administration coming in, you talked about the macro being broadly consistent. Any change in tone in your conversations with the end markets in terms of optimism or their ability or willingness to expand new projects ahead of the administration, any pause or just full steam ahead? I'm just curious, any commentary you have there from a macro perspective would be really, really helpful.
Andrew Anagnost : What I'll say is the things that matter to our customers are bipartisan things, all right? Our customers care about infrastructure build outs. Both parties care about infrastructure build outs. Our customers care about domestic manufacturing, be it in Europe, be it in the United States. Both parties agree that domestic manufacturing build-outs are important. It's supply chain independent, supply chain stability. All of these things are bipartisan issues that really affect our customers. So regardless of the administration, I suspect the things that are important to our customers are continuing to be a focus.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Vruwink of Baird.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Thank you. On the outlook for next year, $2.05 billion in free cash has I think been the expectation for the past year now. Within the last year, you've also seen more co term of contracts and I think that leads to better billings in FY '26. So my question is, does that actually create the potential that things are better and that's why you're qualifying now the $2.05 billion as the midpoint of possibilities?
Betsy Rafael: There is no change to how we've talked about the free cash flow guide for fiscal ‘26. It continues to be $2.05 billion at the midpoint.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. Fair enough. And then just on the M&A environment over recent history, Autodesk has been more in a mode of, I would say, strategic tuck ins. I think there was actually an asset in the CFE simulation space that was announced during AU in the quarter. Is that the right approach for Autodesk just given this point in time all the work you've done to build out the cloud platform, the data models and so these tuck-ins make the most sense? And if that's true, how would you maybe compare and contrast some of the larger scale M&A that's happening with your peers in the space?
Andrew Anagnost : Yeah. So, look, consolidation in our space is inevitable. I'm not going to comment on any specific deals, but here is what I will say. Autodesk has always been an acquisitive company and we will be a acquisitive company when that makes both strategic and financial sense for the company.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Porter of Morgan Stanley.
Elizabeth Porter: Great. Thanks so much for the question. As partners are getting customers just up and running on the new transaction model, we picked up that they're spending a little bit more time than usual of time and resources with those existing customers. So I was curious if that had any impact on new business demand kind of more recently. And then just more broadly, any change in new business trends that you think you should call out from versus last quarter?
Betsy Rafael : Yes. Elizabeth, it's Betsey. And so just broadly speaking, we continue to see growth but at a slower pace due to a number of factors over the really over the last several years, macro COVID, exiting Russia, elections. And while a drag on the forward momentum of the business, all of that's really factored into our guidance. So I kind of just will leave it at that.
Elizabeth Porter: Great. And then a follow-up just on billings. Understanding there's a lot of volatility around the change from multiyear and the transaction model. But it looks like guidance implies a bigger step down in growth in Q4 just despite an easier year ago compare. So it's helpful that you could help us unpack the balance of those headwinds and tailwinds that would drive kind of a greater downtick in growth in Q4.
Betsy Rafael : Well, again, let me start out with just from a fiscal '25 perspective. Your billing tailwinds are going to be from the final shift to annual billing, new transaction model and early renewals. And you're going to get headwinds from co-terming and business booked ahead of the new transaction model launch and in recent weeks, some FX. So again, I think that we've continued to perform well as we've executed through Q3. And so, I think we feel very strongly about our expectations for Q4.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Bhavin Shah of Deutsche Bank.
Bhavin Shah: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Andrew, at University, there appeared to be a noticeable uptick in attendance and sessions geared towards owners and operators. What's been driving the recent interest from this segment? How much of it is enhancing you guys have made versus really more focusing and emphasizing from a go to market perspective? And how long before this segment of buyers kind of becomes more meaningful to the financials?
Andrew Anagnost : Yeah, Bhavin, that's an excellent question, all right. We're very interested in tackling the whole entire lifecycle from design through make, construction, manufacturing all the way into operations. You're probably aware we have a product called Tandem. And a lot of those sessions were driven by increasing interest and increasing adoption of Tandem, which is a digital twin solution tightly coupled to our solutions that also has a toolkit that allows people to easily connect sensor data through the digital twin solution. So you're seeing that uptick because we're directly releasing products and capabilities that are of interest to the owner space. You can expect to see that trend continue over time and you can expect to see us continue to talk about the owner space, continue to deliver solutions for the owner space and even APIs for the owner space. It's an area of great interest, especially when it comes not only to vertical buildings, but factories and other things that are related to that as well as infrastructure like what we were doing with some of our water owner solutions. So, yes, owners matter. We're building software for them and you're going to see more of that.
Bhavin Shah: Super helpful there. And then Betsy, one for you. Just in terms of the underlying improvement that we've been seeing in the margins and I know you've called out FX and the transaction model. I know it's very early, but as we think about next year, how do we think about the impact of FX and the transaction model to kind of the headline operating margins?
Betsy Rafael : Well, I wish I could give you that answer, but I think that the new CFO would probably have a little bit of a problem with that. So we'll wait till the end of February to give you more specifics on that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tyler Radke of Citi.
Tyler Radke: Yes, good afternoon. Thanks for taking the questions. I was going to ask you about a placeholder for next year's guidance, Betsy, but I don't want to waste a question on that, but feel free to answer. But Andrew, I wanted to kind of ask you about some of your comments you made around efficiency, especially as it relates to hiring Janesh, who you pointed out has a lot of experience at larger companies, VMware, Cisco, et cetera. Now that you're a few quarters into this transaction model rollout, you have kind of visibility better on some of the channel, prior channel relationships, having that direct billing with the customer. What are some of the areas that you've identified as having that efficiency potential? And then as we think about that efficiency unlock, should we think about that as incremental to the free cash flow number you have out for next year or is that embedded in that already?
Andrew Anagnost: So many layers in that question. So first, let me kind of answer the question in a curious serious stage, it's going to dodge other ones, okay. So first off, optimization is kind of a mindset at Autodesk. It's not something that suddenly happens. I want to reemphasize that because if you look right now this year, for example, when you look at the apples to apples comparison, which will be in the slide deck or in our disclosed materials. You can see that our non-GAAP margins are already hitting the targets we set for next year, this year, okay. So optimization is a mentality. You've also heard me say over and over again as the new transaction model starts to roll out, optimization of our go-to-market efforts is going to be a critical step for us and part of the optimization journey that we're on. That's going to deliver margin growth for the company for couple of years to come, okay. And I think that's important. It's a long-term driver. Now, we're getting into the specifics, okay. I think the specifics are probably for another time, but let me just kind of give you a sense for some of the things that are important, all right. One is the drive to self-service, all right. Self-service is a huge impact on how our customers will engage with us and where those customers come from. And that is a value accretive to Autodesk, both on an efficiency side from renewals and other things, but also on a revenue growth side through capturing the customers directly. The other thing I talked about is understanding the customer better, so the upsell and cross sell. So we're going to be able to do a lot more automation and understanding about what where the opportunities are and that's going to drive some efficiencies. And we're moving the channel partners away from this model of being the transactional players to being the solution providers and the IP providers to our customers. That's going to have all sorts of opportunities to eliminate duplication of effort and drive real cost efficiencies for the company moving forward. So there's both top-line efficiencies here and revenue growth, but there's bottom line efficiencies as well through removing the redundancies and steps that just aren't necessary for the customer. You'll get a lot more clarity on that as you see us continue to move forward with this go to market optimization in next year and beyond that.
Tyler Radke: Great. Thanks for the detail. And then my follow-up question, Andrew, you talked about some really strong net new customer additions within the construction cloud, I think doubling year over year. We also saw the make revenue accelerate to 28% constant currency. Can you just help us understand, do you think that reacceleration is durable? And how are you sort of thinking about just your position there? What's been driving that strength in the new customer additions?
Andrew Anagnost : First, let me comment on the make revenue, then I'm going to go into construction. So, the make revenue also includes some revenue from PIX and things associated with that. However, let's talk about the facts around our construction business, because I think this is important, right? Number one factor is that we continue to drive consistent high growth in our construction solutions. You're seeing it, it's built into the make numbers and it's the lion share of those make numbers. You're really seeing some consistent growth there. That's organically. Inorganically, we're actually executing incredibly well on things like Payapps and that's driving acceleration of our growth. So we are not decelerating as a business, okay. We are actually performing solidly or inorganically we're accelerating, all right. And I just want to be really clear about that. And yes, we said year over year we drove a 2x increase in our new customers. And I'll talk about where some of that's coming from in just a minute. But I also want to highlight the other thing that's going on. We are strengthening an already strong position in the ENR 400. So you heard about the story about power construction, which was a great example of someone taking out a competitive RFP and say, look, I need a forward looking cloud based solution on new technology that goes end to end from design to construction all the way to operations. And they chose us. And that was just one example that we gave in the opening commentary. So already a strengthening position in the ENR 400. Now, the other qualitative things that are driving some of that new customer growth is we already have our distribution channel operating at scale. In the U.S, this is helping us go down market more effectively, which is allowing us to capture more customers more effectively, be places where we weren't before and where others aren't, which is part of driving that. But also, we're already at scale operating internationally with our distribution channel. So that's driving international growth for us. And that's a really important driver as well as some of those net new accounts that you're seeing there. And the last thing I'll add and then I'm done with construction is that look, I heard this over and over again at AU. I'm hearing it over and over again from customers in lots of different places. They want the end-to-end solution. They want the life in the cloud. They're placing bets for the next 10 years. They want to go from design to construction to operations. And that's just making our solution more attractive to the market.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Turrin of Wells Fargo.
Michael Turrin: Hey, thanks very much. Appreciate you taking the questions. The commentary on the call sounded consistent, but wondering if there are any added details you can provide for us on, just the overall macro spend environment and how that's maybe progressing across either key product segments or geos, whatever split you think is more useful. I think what we're trying to get a sense for is if there are any shades of improvement anywhere or if you'd characterize as mainly just consistent over the past couple of quarters?
Andrew Anagnost : Michael, I think the core answer here is consistency, okay? We're seeing consistent trends that we've seen with all in all the other quarters. There's always puts and takes in a large business like ours, especially one that's diverse as ours. But the general tone is, it's consistent with prior quarters.
Betsy Rafael: And I would just add that there's also been a lot of noise this year from the new transaction model and then obviously the elections leading up to that. And so it's hard to sparse out, kind of that particular behavior. So I think as Andrew said, we call it consistent.
Michael Turrin: Yes, tough first, two. That's why we keep asking. Betsy, congrats on the transition back given you're also on the Board. I think it'd be useful to hear you chime in on the hiring of Janesh and maybe just also comment on how you ensure you're able to hand over the reins and keep progress going on the key transitions the company is working through?
Betsy Rafael : First, I was involved in the process, which was quite extensive in the company, the recruiting of Janesh. And so we're certainly very excited to have him on board. What I would also say, is obviously with my experience of being on the board for 11 years as well as my deep dive into the business over the last six months, One of the reasons I'm staying around until the end of the fiscal year is I think I can be really helpful in that transition for Janesh. And so I'm very much looking forward. And I think that we have a great finance team, and I think that he's going to be -- he's going to fit very well, and I'm looking forward to making that happen as fast as we can.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Hedberg of RBC Capital Markets.
Mike Richards: Hey, guys. This is, Mike Richards on for Matt. Thanks for taking the question. I was wondering if you could provide an update on Project Bernini and maybe how customer reception has been and where we are in developing other foundational models or just the monetization opportunity there.
Andrew Anagnost : Yeah. So first off, before I comment on bringing you, AI is you might have heard from AU. AI is embedded in everything we're doing from a bottom up and a top down perspective. And you also heard us talk at AU about new types of foundation models we're building that understand how certain things are done in our applications. You heard about a foundation model that's driving automated drawing creation. You heard about a foundation model that's driving automated sketch generation and sketch constraints. That kind of stuff is bottom up innovation. Bernini is more of a top down type innovation where you're actually specifying things and trying to generate a preliminary outcome from those specifications. And what we've been doing with Bernini is we've been trying to engage with certain targeted customers to get them to participate with us in making Bernini smarter and more intelligent. It's not available commercially right now, but it's getting more intelligent. We've actually been successful in getting some customers to stand up and say, look, yeah, I'd like to work with you to make this more intelligent because we need something that actually understands 3D geometry as geometry, not just as a picture of something, okay? So that's what's going on with Bernini right now. And you should continue to see refinements and extensions of that moving forward. Now with regard to monetization, monetization, nobody knows exactly how all this is going to be monetized. But is a few vectors here that come into play. One, we are ahead of our competitors in this space. We intend to be ahead. We're investing to stay ahead. That increases one's competitive position in the marketplace and that's really important. Also, you get to be able to charge for some of these incremental features in the future. When you're delivering value or a high quality outcome as a result, you're going to charge for that outcome. How we charge for those things? Let's let this play out, okay? It's still early days. But you also there's also monetization opportunity through licensing certain technologies for specific mature maturation for a specific customer's needs, all right. And that will be another avenue. So how these avenues play out, which one weighs more, let's just play out. But what you need to know about Autodesk is we're ahead, we've been ahead for a while, we were the first out there with an AI research lab that's been out there for over six years, published 70 papers. We're right on the cutting edge of 3D design technology and AI, and we intend to stay there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa of JPMorgan.
Steve Tusa: Hey, good evening or afternoon. Lots of good questions asked. Just a detailed one, what's the change in the billings contribution from the transaction model change, the 5% to 6% to 5% to 5.5%.
Andrew Anagnost : Yeah. So it's basically because we did more buy sell business ahead of the European launch. So remember we said 5% to 6% when we launched Europe and it was the if we did more buy sell business, which means there's less tailwind from the new transaction model. The flip side means that means that the underlying increase in our billings guidance is greater than it looks on a headline basis.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joshua Tilton of Wolfe Research.
Joshua Tilton: Great. I have a kind of a high level one on the incoming CFO. If I if I heard correctly, we didn't exactly get, like, an initial outlook for, revenue growth for next year. And I'm just trying to understand in the context of the new CFO coming in, is there anything that could change the calculus of how you guys think about that 10% to 15% growth for the underlying business outside of the agency transition that's ongoing today?
Andrew Anagnost : Well, first, let's talk about that framework a little bit and then I'll comment a little bit on the increase in CFO. So, look, the 10% to 50% growth, right now we're pretty much right at the bottom end of that range. And if we look back over the last two years, there's been a series of things that created headwinds to new business. It started off with things like the pandemic, the inflation, the exiting of the Russian business, the writer's strike, the whole trade wars within particular geographies, all of these things were accumulated headwinds that built slowly into the business and have pushed us down to the low end of the range. It takes time in a subscription model for those things to build out of the business, okay? So it's going to take time for us to build out of that. That's to be expected with a subscription model. The revenue goes down slowly, it goes back up slowly as headwinds turn into tailwinds. So expect us to be near the bottom of that range in the short term just as a general kind of guideline for the core business to be at the bottom of the range, okay? As a long term framework, the 10% to 15% still makes sense as a long term guide for the company. But of course, as new eyes come in, we'll look at these things and we'll evaluate them. But right now, this all still makes sense.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Siti Panigrahi of Mizuho.
Siti Panigrahi: Thanks for taking my question. I understand the new business model have some kind of noise on your expense and margin side. But if you exclude that, where do you see some of the operating leverages that you can drive in next year or so?
Betsy Rafael : Well, I think we've actually provided kind of historically what we've done over the last three years pretty clearly. And I think we said that we're continuing to be focused on expansion, but nothing further to add as far as next year.
Betsy Rafael : We did provide data on that. So you can see what the underlying thing is and we expect to see continued improvement in that same vector.
Simon Mays-Smith : On the same basis.
Andrew Anagnost : On the same basis, on the same apples-to-apples basis.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Funk of Bank of America.
Michael Funk: Hey, guys. Thank you for the questions tonight. Two if I could. You've mentioned a few times in the last calls about the largest multiyear cohort renewing next year and then also a large EBA cohort. Just wondering if you can give us kind of the range of potential outcomes among the renewals there, whether potential to upsell, risk of down sell and what that variance might look like around those renewals?
Betsy Rafael : No, I mean, I think what we have said is that it's the largest cohort that and we saw that performance in ‘23. And so we expect a strong renewal year, but we're not giving any specific guidance on what that looks like for ‘26 at this point and we'll wait until we report earnings in February.
Michael Funk: Okay, great. And then Betsy, one more. You've mentioned a few times off the investment in new transaction model, people, processes and automation, presumably more fixed cost versus variable like commission. Can you quantify that for us to help us with modeling as we try to forecast margin? I know you've not giving guidance, but better understanding of what that cost might actually be on an absolute basis would help us to think about our modeling?
Simon Mays-Smith : Mike, we've got a slide in the earnings deck to help you think about modeling and I'll just point you to that.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, that is all the time we have for Q&A today. I would now like to turn the conference back to Simon Mays-Smith for closing remarks. Sir?
Simon Mays-Smith: Great. Thanks, and thank you everyone for joining us today. Looking forward to seeing many of you on the road over the next few weeks. If you have any questions in the meantime, please email me or call me. And in the meantime, all those of you in North America, wishing you a very happy Thanksgiving. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, Simon. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2025 Q2  (2024-08-29 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Q2 Fiscal '25 Autodesk Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I’d now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Simon Mays-Smith, Vice President, Investor Relations.
Simon Mays-Smith: Thanks, operator and good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the second quarter results of Autodesk's fiscal '25. On the line with me is Andrew Anagnost, our CEO; and Betsy Rafael, our Interim CFO. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements, including outlook and related assumptions, products and strategies. Actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Form 10-Q and the Form 8-K filed with today's press release for important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will quote several numeric or growth changes during this call, as we discuss our financial performance. Unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. All non-GAAP numbers referenced in today's call are reconciled in our press release or Excel financials and other supplemental materials, available on our Investor Relations website. And now, I will turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Simon and welcome everyone to the call. We finished the second quarter and first half of the year strongly, delivering 13% revenue growth in constant currency in both periods and have raised guidance for the full year, reflecting the sustained momentum of the business and the smooth launch of the new transaction model in North America in June and expected launch in Western Europe in September. Once again, opportunity, resilience and discipline underpinned our performance. In March last year, we laid out the secular growth trends in our markets from accelerating digital transformation in Architecture, Engineering and Construction or AEC, to the transition to the cloud in manufacturing and media and entertainment. These secular trends are driving customers to break down siloed workflows and seamlessly connect data end-to-end. Real-world experiences from remote collaboration to supply chain disruption and AI are reinforcing these trends. We’re aggressively pursuing our strategy to benefit from these secular trends, including the development of next-generation technology and services, end-to-end digital transformation and unique growth enablers such as business model evolution, customer experience evolution and convergence between industries. Our investments in cloud, platform and AI in pursuit of these growth opportunities and ahead of our peers enable Autodesk to provide its customers with ever more valuable and connected solutions and to support a much broader customer and developer ecosystem and marketplace. While macroeconomic policy, geopolitical and one-off factors like the Hollywood strikes have impacted industry growth, Autodesk subscription model and diversified product and customer portfolio have proven resilient. The underlying momentum of the business and key performance indicators remain consistent with previous quarters, as evidenced by increased product usage, record bid activity on building connected and cautious optimism from our channel partners. We realized the significant benefits of this strategy for shareholders through our disciplined and focused execution and capital deployment throughout the economic cycle. These investments mitigate the risk of expensive catch up investments in the future and support sustained revenue, margin and free cash flow growth. To support our growth initiatives and margin improvement, we have been modernizing our go-to-market approach to create more durable and direct relationships with our customers and to serve them more efficiently. And we are transforming our platform to enable greater engineering velocity and efficiency to support a broader customer and developer ecosystem and marketplace. We’ve already seen significant benefits from initiatives like these and there is more to come. Stripping out the effects of margins from FX and the new transaction model, we expect to be towards the midpoint of our fiscal '26 non-GAAP operating margin target of 38% to 40% in fiscal '25, a year ahead of schedule and representing about 300 basis points of improvement since fiscal '23. We are confident we will make further improvements in fiscal '26 on the same basis. Once complete, we expect the new transaction model and subsequent go-to-market optimization to increase sales and marketing efficiency and deliver GAAP margins among the best in the industry. Non-GAAP operating profit, including stock-based compensation costs, will become a key metric to track as we make this transition. Attractive long-term secular growth market, a focused-strategy delivering ever more valuable and connected solutions to our customers and a resilient business model are generating strong and sustained momentum both in absolute terms and relative to peers. Disciplined execution and capital deployment is driving even further operational velocity and efficiency within Autodesk and will underpin the mechanical build of revenue and free cash flow over the next few years and GAAP margins among the best in the industry. We expect the pace of buybacks to buy forward dilution will pick up into fiscal '26, as our free cash flow builds from the fiscal '24 trough. We expect this to result in a further reduction in shares outstanding over time, continuing the capital return trend of the last few years. In combination we believe these factors will deliver sustainable shareholder value over many years. I would like to welcome Betsy, and thank her for stepping in as Interim CFO and will now turn the call over to her to take you through the details of our quarterly financial performance and guidance for the year. I will then come back to provide an update on our strategic growth initiatives.
Betsy Rafael: Thanks, Andrew. Q2 was a strong quarter. We generated broad-based growth across products and regions in AEC and manufacturing which was partly offset by softness in media and entertainment, primarily due to the lingering effect of the Hollywood strike. Our make business continues to enhance growth, driven by ongoing strength in construction and fusion. Overall, macroeconomic, policy and geopolitical challenges and the underlying momentum of the business were consistent with the last few quarters and included strong renewal rates, but softer business -- new business in China and Korea. The new transaction model did not make a material contribution to our second quarter results. In his opening remarks, Andrew discussed the benefits we expect to derive from our go-to-market initiatives, which support our growth and ongoing margin improvement. Before I discuss revenue, billings, deferred revenue, RPO and free cash flow, let me remind you of how these metrics naturally and mechanically evolve during the shift to annual billings for most multi-year contracts, as well as the new transaction model. The shift to annual billings for most multi-year contracts moves billed deferred revenue into unbilled deferred revenue in our financial reporting. Unbilled deferred revenue would then not be included in deferred revenue on our balance sheet, but would be included in our remaining performance obligations disclosure. Initially this reduces billing, deferred revenue and free cash flow as you saw in fiscal 2024, but is gradually becoming a tailwind to billings and free cash flow, as our annually billed multi-year cohorts rebuild. Metrics that include unbilled deferred revenue like RPO give a better view of performance during our transition to annual billings for most multi-year contracts. And as we have said before, we will continue to offer multi-year contracts build upfront in certain circumstances, such as in emerging countries, where there is increased credit risk if not received upfront. On the Autodesk Store, until we enable system changes to offer annual billing and of course, on an exception basis, when it is driven by customer preference such as for our non-cloud enabled offerings. Just to give you some context on scale, multi-year contracts build upfront incrementally contributed less than 5% of total billings in the second quarter. The new transaction model also has mechanical and timing impacts on billings, deferred revenue, revenue and operating costs. The amount of impact is determined by the pace of the model rollout. In addition, channel partner and customer behavior can also impact the results. The mechanical impact is due to the way channel partner payments are recognized and accounted for in the P&L. Under the old or the buy-sell model, channel-partner payments are deducted from gross billings and revenue. We then report net billings and net revenue Conversely, in the new transaction model, we record channel partner payments in sales and marketing expense. So as we shift from the old model to the new, there is an increase in billings, deferred revenue, revenue and sales and marketing expense. That increase in revenue and operating costs resulting from the change in the way that channel-partner payments are recognized and accounting for flows ratably through revenue and cost in the P&L over time. And the overall pace of that transition is determined by when we launch the new transaction model into each geography. In the short-term, moving the P&L geography at channel partner payments from contra revenue to sales and marketing expense, creates a headwind to the operating margin percentage, but it is really broadly neutral to operating profit and free cash flow dollars. But over the long-term, we expect that this transition to the new transaction model will enable us to further optimize our business, which we anticipate will provide a tailwind to revenue and deliver GAAP margins among the best in the industry on mechanically higher revenue and despite mechanically higher costs. Channel partner and customer behavior during the rollout of the new transaction model are much harder to predict and model. For example, with channel partners better prepared ahead of launch, more customers in North America and Australia co-termed their contract expirations to align the timing of renewals across their business. This had a negative impact on the timing of billings and deferred revenue. And as we've seen many times before, co-termed contracts actually create an opportunity for larger contracts on renewal, as we elevate our relationship with customers from subsidiaries to company-wide. Along with more self-service functionality, it also enabled us to reduce administrative costs and serve our customers more efficiently. While activity in the second quarter was probably more tactical in nature, co-terming is one of the expected benefits of the new transaction model and will be one of the drivers of our margin momentum over the coming years. As I'll discuss, this creates timing headwinds, but is not a change in the underlying momentum of the business. We will give you much more details about the impact of the new transaction model on fiscal '25 results and the expected impact on fiscal '26, when we report our full year results next February. So now let's move on to the results. Total revenue grew 12% and 13% in constant currency. By product in constant currency, AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT revenue grew 8%, AEC revenue grew 15%, manufacturing revenue grew 17% and in the low-teens, excluding upfront revenue. M&E grew 5%. Revenue grew 13% in all regions on a constant currency basis. Direct revenue increased 21%, and represented 40% of total revenue, up 3 percentage points from last year benefiting from strong growth in both EBAs and the Autodesk Stores. Net revenue retention rate remained within the 100% to 110% range at constant exchange rate. Billings increased 13% in the quarter, reflecting a modest tailwind from the prior year shift to annual billings for most multi-year contracts and a mechanical tailwind of approximately 2% from the transition to the new transaction models. Billings were also negatively impacted by more co-termed. Total deferred revenue decreased 13% to $3.7 billion, and was again impacted by the transition from upfront to annual billings for multi-year contracts. Total RPO of $5.9 billion and current RPO of $3.9 billion grew 12% and 11% respectively. Turning to margins, GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins were broadly level, while GAAP and non-GAAP operating margins increased by 4 percentage points and 1 percentage points, respectively. At current course and speed, the ratio of stock-based compensation as a percentage of revenue peaked in fiscal '24, will fall by more than 1 percentage point in fiscal '25 and will be below 10% over time. Free cash flow for the quarter was $203 million. As we said might happen back in February, some channel partners in North America booked business earlier in the quarter ahead of the transition to the new transaction model to de-risk month one after the transition. This accelerated free cash flow to the second quarter, which was partially offset by the negative impact of [no] (ph) more co-terming. Turning to capital allocation, we continue to actively manage capital within our framework and deploy it with discipline and focus through the economic cycle to drive long-term shareholder value. During the second quarter, we purchased approximately 471,000 shares for $115 million, which is an average price of approximately $245 per share. We do expect the pace of buybacks to pick up during the second half of the year, as we had very minimal purchases in the first half. We will also continue to deploy capital to offset dilution into fiscal 2026, as our free cash flow grows from the fiscal 2024 trough generated by the transition from upfront to annual billings, again, from most multi-year contracts. We will continue to buy forward dilution, which we expect to result in a further reduction in shares outstanding over time, continuing the capital return trends of the last few years. We have reduced our share count by about 5 million shares over the last three years with an average percentage reduction of about 70 basis points per year. Now let me finish with guidance. As we said in February, the pace of the rollout of the new transaction will create noise in billings and the P&L. So, we think free cash flow is the best measure of our performance. Taking out that noise, the underlying momentum in the business remains consistent with the expectations embedded in our guidance range for the full year. Our sustained momentum in the second quarter and the smooth launch of the new transaction model in North America reduced the likelihood of our more cautious forecast scenarios. Given that, we are raising the midpoint of our billings, revenue, earnings per share and free cash flow guidance ranges. Let me give you a little bit more detail. The underlying momentum of billings is in-line with our expectations, but two of our modeling assumptions have changed. First, the new transaction model is expected to launch in Western Europe in September rather than in early fiscal '26, which was our modeling assumption at the start of fiscal '25. This is a tailwind to our reported billings. Second more customers have co-termed contracts in North America than we model and we've assumed the same thing will happen in Western Europe. This timing effect is a headwind to reported billings in fiscal 2025. The net effect of these is a 5 percentage point to 6 percentage point tailwind to billings from the new transaction model in fiscal 2025, which includes a 3 percentage point to 4 percentage point tailwind from North America specifically. We have raised our fiscal '25 billings guidance to a range between $5.88 billion and $5.98 billion. The underlying momentum of revenue is also in-line with our expectations. The $40 million increase to the top-end of revenue guidance reflects the expected launch of the new transaction model in Western Europe in September, as well as acquisitions and think about those in roughly equal measures. The $90 million increase to the bottom-end of the guidance range includes that $40 million with the remainder, an underlying increase due to the reduced likelihood of our more cautious forecast scenarios. At the midpoint, we are increasing revenue guidance by $65 million or $25 million excluding the impact of [new] (ph) acquisition and the new transaction model. Our fiscal '25 guidance range is now between $6.08 billion and $6.13 billion, translating into revenue growth of around 11% at the midpoint when compared to fiscal ['24] (ph) and includes 1 percentage point to 1.5 percentage point from the new transaction model. Underlying margins are slightly better than our previous guidance and that enables us to offer -- offset higher expected cost from the earlier launch of the new transaction model in Western Europe. While we still expect non-GAAP operating margins between the range of 35% and 36% in fiscal '25, that now includes a 1 point to 1.5 point underlying margin improvement that is broadly offset by the margin headwinds from the new transaction model and the incremental investment in people, processes and automation. The underlying momentum of free cash flow is in-line with our expectations as well. The headwind to billings from co-terming that I mentioned earlier is largely being offset by faster collections and improved underlying margins. We've raised the lower end of our fiscal '25 free cash flow guidance, resulting in a range between $1.45 billion and $1.5 billion. We expect strong free cash flow growth in fiscal '26, because of the return of our largest multi-year renewal cohort, the natural mechanical stacking of multi-year contracts billed annually and a larger overall EBA cohort. With our current trajectory, we still estimate free cash flow in fiscal 2026 to be around $2.05 billion at the midpoint. While the transition to annual billing for multi-year contracts and the deployment of the new transaction model, creates noise and billings in the P&L, they do provide a natural tailwind to revenue and free cash flow over the next few years. Combined with a resilient business model and sustained competitive momentum, Autodesk has enviable sources of visibility and certainty, given the context of significant macroeconomic, geopolitical, policy, health and climate uncertainty. We continue to manage our business using a Rule of 40 framework with a goal of reaching 45% or more over time. We are taking significant steps toward our goal this year and next. We think this balance between compounding revenue growth and strong free cash flow margins captured in the Rule of 40 framework, is the hallmark of the most valuable companies in the world and we intend to remain one of them. The slide deck on our website has more details on modeling assumptions for both Q3 and full fiscal year '25. Andrew, back to you.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you Betsy. Let me finish by updating you on our strong progress in the second quarter. We continue to see good momentum in AEC, particularly in infrastructure and construction, fueled by customers consolidating onto our solutions to connect and optimize, previously siloed workflows through the cloud. The cornerstone of that growing interest is our comprehensive end-to-end solutions encompassing design, pre-construction, field execution through handover and into operations. This breadth of connected capability enables us to extend our footprint further into infrastructure and construction and also expand our reach into the mid-market. As a sign of that growing momentum, our construction business had another strong net new customer quarter as the benefits of our end-to-end solution became more apparent. Let me give you a few examples. Thornton Tomasetti is an internationally recognized engineering design and analysis firm, which uses Revit and other advanced technologies to enable us to deliver projects at all scales and levels of complexity. We have been a proud partner as it has transformed its business to excellence and interoperability in BIM. The transition from BIM 360 to Autodesk Construction Cloud has optimized project workflows and cloud collaboration. Autodesk's virtual reality tools have reimagined its visualization workflows and Dynamo and generative design have enabled its team to focus on high value creative work. During the quarter, Thornton Tomasetti renewed its EBA with Autodesk and expanded it by more than 50%. To address challenges of a fragmented ecosystem and siloed working environments, a European consortium of nine public water operators serving millions of residents across numerous municipalities decided to expand its relationship with Autodesk by adding BIM Collaborate and BIM Collaborate Pro and an upgraded premium plan to its existing AutoCAD, Docs, AEC collections and InfoWorks subscriptions. With these expanded capabilities, it will continue its digital transformation, accelerating its transition from 2D to 3D and its ability to manage all assets in a common data environment across all consortium members. In the quarter, a leading single source specialty subcontractor based in the Midwest of the United States, began looking to replace point solutions that no longer supported custom workflow. With the help of a channel partner after a 45-day evaluation, the subcontractor chose to adopt Autodesk Build, which complements its virtual construction and design capabilities, streamlines communication between design and construction teams and importantly gives us control over and ownership of its own data. Again, these stories have a common theme, managing people, processes and data across the project life cycle to increase efficiency and sustainability while decreasing risk. Over time, we expect the majority of all projects to be managed this way and we remain focused on enabling that transition through our industry clouds. Moving onto manufacturing, we made excellent progress on our strategic initiatives. Customers continue to invest in their digital transformations and consolidate our design and make platform. In automotive, we continue to strengthen and expand our partnerships, both within and beyond the design studio. In the second quarter, a leading European manufacturer renewed and expanded its EBA to accelerate its time to market and help drive its business transformation initiatives. In addition to Alias for concept design, it will leverage VRED for virtual prototypes and flow production tracking for project management. These solutions democratize visualization across the organization, reducing the resilience -- reliance on physical prototypes, improving design collaboration and speeding up the product development process. Additionally, as the manufacturer moves to build new battery factories, it is exploring the adoption of integrated factory modeling to reduce costs and increase collaboration across suppliers and contractors throughout the project lifecycle. Meissner, a global leader in complex tool and plant construction, is leveraging Autodesk solutions to adapt more quickly to a fast-moving automotive industry. It is driving business growth through improved production cycle times, while meeting high-quality reliability standards at reduced costs. To achieve this, Meissner has adopted power mill for complex simultaneous five axis milling, PowerInspect for programming 3D measurement inspection routines and machine parts and PowerShape to produce blow-molded plastic hollow parts, while leveraging Fusion for its collaboration capabilities. Fusion remains one of the fastest-growing products in the manufacturing industry. As customers seek to drive innovation and growth at lower costs, Fusion extension attach rates are increasing, which is helping to drive the average sales price higher. In education, we are preparing future engineers to drive innovation through next-generation design, analysis and manufacturing solutions. Three years ago, Bochum University, a public research university in Germany, evaluated Fusion for its mechanical engineering department, but determined the solution didn't fulfill existing requirements. In the second quarter, impressed with Fusion's significantly expanded capabilities in electronics and PCB design, configuration, drawing automation and collaboration, Bochum decided to replace a high-end competitive solution with Fusion for all mechanical engineering courses. With the Fusion platform, Bochum students can now acquire end-to-end workflow skills from simulation in the cloud to data management with just one installation, enabling better collaborative learning and employability for students, while saving time and administration costs for the university. And finally, we continue to leverage unique growth enablers such as business model evolution, customer experience evolution and convergence between industries to grow our market opportunity. For example, Mercury Engineering is a European leader in construction solutions. The company builds and manages complex engineering and construction projects for the world's leading corporations across a range of sectors, including data centers, semiconductor and life sciences to support its digital edge initiatives and the ability to deliver large scale projects wherever its clients operate, Mercury increased its investment in Flex, during the quarter. Using Flex to access solutions such as Navisworks, Revit, ReCap, AutoCAD and Plant 3D, coupled with Account-Based Autodesk Construction Cloud, Mercury enjoys frictionless consumption, limitless cloud access, the ability to rapidly scale up new projects with the right tools and the ability to collaborate across its ecosystem. I know many of you pay close attention to the American Institute of Architects' data, and we do too, but maybe not always to the same data. In 2022, the AIA said that almost half of architecture firms' total billings came from reconstruction and renovation projects, up from about a third 20 years ago, with the rest coming from new builds. In commercial and industrial and institutional subsectors, reconstruction and renovation accounted for more than 60% of billings. From infrastructure exceeding its design life to regulations mandating greater efficiency, and with climate change making action more urgent, renovation and reconstruction are growing trends both in the United States and worldwide. For buildings and infrastructure, Autodesk is a leader in BIM and digital technologies across the project lifecycle that underpin these reconstruction and renovation efforts. That's why we're delighted to be named as the Official Design and Make platform of the LA28 Olympic and Paralympic Games to support LA28's, no new permanent venues plan and commitment to build LA28's footprint by adapting existing or building temporary infrastructure. Autodesk will support LA28's more than $1 billion temporary overlay and construction plan, including retrofitting more than 40 venues across the Los Angeles metro area. Over the next four years, LA28 will use Autodesk software and Building Information Modeling BIM, tools to bring to life an ambitious venue plan, consultative support to help LA28 meet its delivery and sustainability plan and Autodesk Construction Cloud, as a central tool to facilitate better collaboration with thousands of critical stakeholders on the design, development and ultimate delivery of the venues. Autodesk's technology is used every day to design and make a better world, and we are thrilled to be LA28's official design and make platform. Before I open the call for questions, I would like to quickly update you on our CFO search. We have some excellent candidates and are making good progress. Once our new CFO is up to speed and we've launched a new transaction model in all developed markets, we will set out our plans in more detail. We'll update you when we have more to say. Operator, we would now like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Saket Kalia with Barclays. You may proceed.
Saket Kalia: Okay, great. Hey, Andrew. Hey, Betsy. Thanks for taking my questions here. Andrew, since you last reported Starboard Value has issued a couple of letters and a slide deck. Just maybe for the benefit of the Group, I was wondering if you had any high level thoughts that you wanted to share with us.
Andrew Anagnost: Right to it, Saket. All right. Look, first-off we listen to all of our investors and we listen carefully. We've met with Starboard several times. They came and presented to our Board. And I'll tell you one thing we are very much aligned with them on is there is a lot more shareholder value to be created from Autodesk for our investors, okay? And I think it is important to kind of talk about, okay, what should we be excited about. Today's results, we delivered in a pretty tough environment. We've seen macro impacts. We have had one-off impacts from Russia, from China, from writers and actors strikes and still you're seeing the kind of results that we delivered this quarter. Revenues up, free cash flows up, the guide's up 1% at the midpoint. Those things come from work and discipline. And how did we get here? There is a couple of things I want to make sure we remember and highlight, okay? About two years ago, we began this journey to move away from multi-year contracts billed upfront to multi-year contracts billed annually. I know that created some clouds for all of you on the outlook of Autodesk for 18 months. But look -- look at the results, okay. Two years ago the number of multi-year contracts billed upfront was measured in the billions. Today, you heard from Betsy, it's immaterial, right? Now the great thing about that is that billions from the past comes back to you, but it comes back to you in a nice smooth build up over time. It is math. I love math. More than that, it's simple math and we all love simple math. That money is coming and it is building up. So one, that's something to be excited about ongoing value from Autodesk. Another thing I want to talk about that which was really important. Last year, we started this journey on the new transaction model. And when we told you about the new transaction model, what did we tell you we were doing it for? We were doing it to get more control and visibility over our sales and marketing costs. And that is the mission going forward here. We see line of sight to increasing productivity and effectiveness in our sales and marketing motion and driving some of those costs down on a per [deal] (ph) basis which is great because that's how we see line of sight to margin growth. Now why should you believe me? Why should you believe us? All right. Let's look at what happened -- what's going to happen this year. This year, we are going to achieve the non-GAAP targets on an apples-to-apples basis that we set out two years ago, a year ahead of target. So I think you can trust that we're focused on this and that we're going to deliver. So, we agree with Starboard that there is a lot more value creation coming out of Autodesk. And I'm really excited about it going forward and the results that we've delivered this quarter are just the first step in that journey.
Saket Kalia: Yeah, absolutely. That was super helpful, Andrew. Maybe for my follow-up for you as well, maybe just moving to the business. You gave some nice examples of construction wins in the quarter. Could we just go one level deeper into Autodesk Construction Cloud? Maybe talk about sort of the overall construction backdrop that you are seeing and how you feel about ACC competitively?
Andrew Anagnost: Yeah. That's a great question, right? And look, first-off, the thing I'm really excited about with our construction business is that we are maintaining momentum in a really tough competitive environment where others are having challenges maintaining momentum, but we are maintaining momentum. And there is a couple of key reasons why we are maintaining momentum. One, there is still a large backlog in construction. Backlog matters, all right and that backlog is still there and kind of construction professionals are still interested in digitization. That in addition to our value proposition becoming more resonant with customers. One, the portfolio of Construction Cloud is competitive, people like it. They like our value proposition of going from design to construction. They like the flexibility of the business models we bring to them. They are looking to either move to Construction Cloud net new or they are looking to move from older solutions, competitive solutions to our solutions. The other thing is in the mid-market, in the US, we see our competition more and we win more and that's because of the strengthening of this value proposition. And the last bit I think is worth talking about is the international growth for Autodesk. This is a place where Autodesk has a superpower and we are going to continue to grow internationally. We saw strong growth internationally. We are going to continue to see strong growth internationally. And long term, that is going to continue to kind of be accretive to our construction business. So a lot going on there, but I do want people to remember there is a backlog and we are definitely maintaining momentum.
Saket Kalia: Very helpful, guys. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. You may proceed.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. Andrew, with regard to the new engagement or transactional model, the new channel compensation arithmetic is very readily understandable, but I would like to ask more about the division of labor under the new model, which is to say your inside sales, your customer success investments and the like versus the channel. So how do you see the role of your inside and other direct sales capacities versus that of the channel, particularly when it comes to renewals and/or upselling, how do you see the role of the e-Store versus the channel under the new model? Then my follow-up.
Andrew Anagnost: Jay, you are asking some very specific questions. Let me kind of answer it in a very general way. Look, with this new transaction model, with the ability to drive clear divisions of labor, there are opportunities to drive efficiencies and productivity moving forward in sales and marketing, right? So absolutely, you are highlighting some things with regards to our partners and with regards to us that we are going to continue to perfect over time. And that is where some of this margin growth is going to come from -- most of this margin growth is going to come from over the next couple of years. So you are definitely talking around some of the areas that are important to discuss.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Second question with regard to the billings co-terming effects, the model effects and the like, perhaps we can parse that to get at the organic effects of the business, which is to say, how are you thinking about your license volume and mix expectations? In other words, how are you thinking near-term and long-term with regard to the volume assumptions that you've previously spoken about in your overall P times Q framework?
Andrew Anagnost: So look, let me just start here for -- if Betsy, you want to add anything. I think the important thing to get about the co-terming is that what it does is it takes some billings out of the current renewal cycle and moves them forward. And more importantly, it creates efficiency in our renewal process. All right. So, we are going to get much more efficiency in our renewal process. A co-term contract is much more easy to wrangle at renewal time than another contract. It's also much more easy to do cross-sell, up-sell and expansion at renewal time. So, you are going to get some efficiencies from this. So co-terming is good, even though it has some puts and takes on where the billings show up. So I think that's kind of the important piece to take away from that. The rest of that detail is a little harder to address directly.
Betsy Rafael: The only thing I would add is with fewer contracts to manage, you also drive efficiency from the inside the company.
Saket Kalia: All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Adam Borg with Stifel. You may proceed.
Adam Borg: Awesome, and thanks so much for taking the questions. Just maybe for Andrew, just going back to the new transactional model, it is great to hear that things are going smoothly so far in North America. I was hoping you could maybe go a step deeper on what that exactly means. And importantly, what's given the confidence to rollout accelerate the rollout into Europe and Japan ahead of expectations, especially given the additional complexities you've talked about pulling out internationally.
Andrew Anagnost: Yeah. It's a good question. So remember – let us just recount the incremental journey we've taken here, right? We started with Australia, really stressed and tested the system in that environment. We always like to stress and test things in smaller markets, on smaller -- on smaller pools. And we have essentially completed the entire rollout in the US. And during that time, we've had no major issues, no major issues came up with regards to disruption to the business as we did this. Now, of course, there is all sorts of quality of life issues. There has been a backlog of issues that people want more functionality, they want more capability to do X, Y and Z. And what we are doing is we are working that backlog and we gave ourselves a little bit of extra time to clear that backlog. Some of that backlog is specific to test runs that we've done in Europe as well. So given what we learned in Australia, given how the US went even smoother than Australia and we had a much shorter recovery time as we rolled out in Australia, given that we are probably going to see the same kind of pull forward in Europe that we saw in the US, which buffers things as we move forward, we are very confident about the cascade here and how this is going to roll out.
Betsy Rafael: The only thing that's different in Western Europe from North America is really that it is different currencies and there is different legal regulatory laws in place. But I think that we've learned from each step along the way and so are very, very comfortable with the plan for the full fiscal year.
Adam Borg: That's super helpful. And maybe just as a quick follow-up, Andrew, obviously, US elections coming up in a few months. I hope you could talk a little bit more about what you are seeing in the end-market demand environment. Are the AEC or manufacturing industry is making any changes in their decision making process, either accelerating or slowing down decision making ahead of the election in a few months? Thanks again.
Andrew Anagnost: Yeah. The good thing here is that the issues that affect our customers are bipartisan issues, all right? Infrastructure, manufacturing, Go-USA, everything across the world, they are bipartisan issues. So, I think whoever wins, there may be all sorts of other puts and takes. But with regards to the things that affect our customers' end-markets, I see little impact and we are not hearing a lot of trepidation from our customers on that.
Adam Borg: Incredibly helpful. Thanks, again.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital Markets. You may proceed.
Jason Celino: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. I kind of wanted to kind of dig into just the performance of the quarter. Obviously, you beat nicely, you beat margins nicely. You are keeping kind of the margin framework the same for the year, even though you are absorbing some of these incremental headwinds from the transition. So internally, did you do anything to drive leverage or sources of leverage with that?
Andrew Anagnost: No, we did nothing unusual to do this, all right? This is all the rate and pace of the business. Betsy, do you want to comment a little bit more?
Betsy Rafael: I think that we did see underlying improvement in the margin and that was intentional knowing that we were going to get some headwinds from some of these transitions.
Jason Celino: Okay. Great. And then maybe just a little more pointed on the free cash flow side. So it is a $10 million raise, nice to see. Obviously, the transition timelines have no impact to free cash flow. So, I know you said some customers signed earlier in 2Q. So is the raise on free cash flow just a function of timing or more a function like the core business? Thank you.
Betsy Rafael: No, I think a lot of it is a timing issue because we originally estimated that -- we didn't anticipate the significance of people buying ahead of the launch in North America. And so our original assumption for free cash flow for FY’25, was that roughly two-thirds of it would take place in the back half of the year. Our current modeling assumption is one half of that will take place in the back half of the year.
Jason Celino: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Elizabeth Porter with Morgan Stanley. You may proceed.
Elizabeth Porter: Great. Thank you so much for the question. I wanted to ask a bit on the pricing environment. I believe one of the things we picked up was the move to the transactional model should allow you to have some more control on discounting behavior and help narrow some of the price differentials you've seen. So I wanted to ask, is this a lever you expect to use? And is it something you are doing today or a future opportunity and how we could think about that going forward?
Andrew Anagnost: Yeah. So the place where that has the biggest impact is with our partners, quite frankly. What our best partners really like about the new transaction model is it prevents a less competent, less value-added partner coming in and undermining them on price on a big deal where they are trying to really add value. So for our partners, this is definitely going to allow them to sell to the value they are delivering. For us, moving forward, it is all about the efficiencies of the process. So for us, it is not so much about the price. The partners are definitely going to benefit from that. What we are going to benefit is the ability to get the efficiencies and the costs out of the environment as we move forward. And I think that is where you want to look at for us. So the partners, definitely a price advantage for our best partners. For us, a cost advantage as we drive productivity.
Betsy Rafael: And enhance the strategic relationships directly with customers.
Elizabeth Porter: Great. And then just as a follow-up, I appreciate the comments on the overall demand environment. I was hoping you could unpack a little bit more around the new business trends. I understand the macro remains challenging. Anything you are picking up from a new business standpoint in the quarter or how that outlook is changing?
Andrew Anagnost: Yeah. So let me talk about that a little bit. Generally broadly, okay, we are seeing the same kind of trends that we've seen in previous quarters. There are absolutely some headwinds in new business, but there is different puts and takes here as we look at this quarter now. Our moving forward metrics like monthly active usage and build -- bids on building connected, those show the same kind of positive forward momentum that we've seen in the past. But if you look at the market, obviously AEC continued to do well. This has a lot to do with construction growth helping in there, as well as other things driving Revit, and the backlog associated with that. Manufacturing did well. It beat a lot of our competitors in the market. The drag was media and entertainment, still coming out of the effects of those strikes, okay, and that will continue to take time. Geographically, a few puts and takes here, okay? Most of the world was strong, but China and Korea were drags on our business geographically, right? And that gives you kind of a lay for -- lay of the land for what we see. But one of the things that you got to take away from this is -- Autodesk is an incredibly resilient business. There is puts and takes in one part of the business. There -- you might be off on certain types of projects, but you are up on other types of projects, one geography is down and other geography is up. This is the magic of Autodesk and our very distributed and resilient business, and that's what you are seeing as a result here.
Elizabeth Porter: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joe Vruwink with Baird. You may proceed.
Joe Vruwink: Hi. Great. Hi, everyone. Going back, Andrew to your manufacturing comments, so growth in the upper teens there or low teens for just the ratable business. Those numbers definitely stand out relative to what we've been hearing throughout the summer, I think particularly at the high-end where there is been some commentary about more deal lumpiness at enterprise. I mean, you have exposure to mid-market and enterprise. You gave anecdotes about both segments. I'm wondering if you are ultimately seeing maybe more share movement and that's ultimately explaining the strength there.
Andrew Anagnost: We are definitely seeing share movement. But look, we feel like we're out in front on a lot of things. Fusion did well in the quarter. Its e-comm growth was consistent with previous quarters. More importantly, we continue to drive ASPs up for Fusion with attach rates of extensions and other options in the Fusion base. So you are absolutely seeing a share shift.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. And then on the slide showing underlying margin improvement that's taken place since FY ‘23, how much latent investment is still being absorbed in that normalized 39%? So you talked about making investment in cloud platform AI. Those investments are -- so you're ahead of peers and not needing to make up some future catch-up investment. I mean, another way to say is you are spending some amount and you haven't matched it against revenues yet. So just wondering if it is possible to quantify what that is because that would seem to be an area of future improvement in addition to what you are doing with the transaction model?
Andrew Anagnost: No, there is always a delay in R&D investment and return on R&D investment, okay? So there is always a shift. We are definitely in a time of great technological advancements here. We're definitely in an environment where share shift is starting to happen. So, there's always a shift in those areas, okay? And I think, we should expect that there is this delay between the actual value creation and the investment. That's very natural in technology like this. That's why I want you to understand that we are very focused on net sales and marketing productivity moving forward because that's how we are going to drive the margin growth over the next couple of years as the investments in these new and emerging technologies start to really pick up.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Wong with Oppenheimer & Co. You may proceed.
Ken Wong: Fantastic. I wanted to maybe dig into the margins a little bit. You mentioned being ahead of schedule on the margin profile, also confident you can make further improvements in fiscal 2026. I guess, how should we think about where that could go? We are at a point where you haven't even optimized for sales and marketing. What's the right way to think about that trajectory?
Andrew Anagnost: So, it is a little early for me to say, I'm not going to be giving the guide for next year. So there is a couple of things that are gating here, okay? One, we want to complete the rollout of the new transaction model. We want to hire a new CFO and get their fingers on this. And then what we'll do is we will start giving you more color on the specifics for next year. But suffice it to say, what I'm trying to do is give you confidence that, one, we're not only paying attention to this, but we've got line of sight, just like we did in the move to annualized billings, look at the results that we are delivering now as a result of that, okay? That was two years ago, look at the results we're delivering. Now I'm telling you we have line of sight on other productivity improvements associated with sales and marketing in the new transaction model. So, I want you to know, we see it and you need to believe in it.
Betsy Rafael: And as we've said before, the P&L is going to be noisy, as we continue to transition to the new transaction model. And that's why we anchored you on the FY’26 free cash flow target to give you a sense of what to expect. And with our current trajectory, we still estimate that the free cash flow in fiscal '26 to be around $2.05 billion at the midpoint. And as I said earlier, we have our largest multi-year cohort renewing. We have a large EBA cohort and we have kind of the natural transition to annual billings from upfront billings.
Ken Wong: Okay. Perfect. We will await anxiously for these details. Maybe second, just thinking about the -- we've talked a lot about the potential economics and kind of the partner activity on the transaction model. Like what are you guys hearing from customers and do they even care, do they even notice like is there some sort of a benefit on their side that they might be seeing that we're maybe on the analyst world not quite as cognizant of?
Andrew Anagnost: Yeah. So look, for most customers, it is a non-event, all right, because they're just finding themselves buying differently. Some are happier, some would prefer to go through a third-party. Notice that some are taking the opportunity to true up contracts, all right? That -- what they're doing right there is a thing, oh, I have a chance to clean up my relationship with Autodesk, that's going to give me more power come the renewal cycle. So they actually see advantages with cleaning up their relationship with us and making sure that they have visibility in their company. So that's good for them. But for the most part, it's not a big customer issue, both positive or negative.
Ken Wong: Okay, perfect. Thank you for the insights, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Tyler Radke with Citi. You may proceed.
Tyler Radke: Yes. Thank you for taking the question. I guess just to start off on the free cash flow number for next year, I guess that's one piece of guidance or at least a target that you've given. Can you just talk about the confidence behind that? And as you think about being ahead of plan in terms of some of these margin optimizations, like how much margin and cost optimizations is built into that number?
Betsy Rafael: Well, again, we are obviously not going to be giving you detailed guidance for fiscal 2026 at this point. But what we will do at the end of the fiscal year is we'll give you a lot more details about the impact of the new transaction model, both on fiscal '25, as well as what we expected -- how we expect it to impact fiscal '26. And right now, we are focused on the rollout in North America, as well as Western Europe in September. What I can say is the tailwind to revenue growth will be greater in fiscal '26 than in '25. And all else being equal, the greater the tailwind to revenue in '26, the greater the headwind to margins. And again -- but we’re very focused on managing that. Again, based upon this change in the geography on the balance sheet and the P&L, we are still largely focused on being able to manage to margins that are better than they are today. And again, going back to the free cash flow number of the $2.05 billion at the midpoint, obviously that's up significantly from where it is this year. And I mentioned earlier, the largest multi-year cohort is renewing next year. We have a large EBA cohort. And again this natural transition from annual billing -- from the upfront to the annual billings will also help us from a cash flow perspective.
Tyler Radke: Great. And for Andrew the make revenue in the quarter was particularly strong, I think the strongest sequential growth in a number of years despite sort of having the leap year last quarter. Was there any one-time factors there, or is that sort of a function of share gains and some of the re-org that you've done in that organization to sort of accelerate growth?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So first off, the core underlying momentum of the make businesses have been tact. There was one one-time factor, the acquisition of Payapps is in there as well, all right, which is an important piece of it. But the underlying momentum in the Construction and Fusion business, that is solid and consistent with previous quarters with a little kick from the Payapps business, okay? Makes sense?
Tyler Radke: Yeah. Yeah, any way to quantify the Payapps in the quarter?
Andrew Anagnost: No.
Tyler Radke: Okay. Thank you. Thought I'd try.
Andrew Anagnost: No. Always we’re trying, always ask.
Operator: Thank you. That is all the time we have for Q&A today. I would now like to turn the call back over to Simon Mays-Smith for any closing remarks.
Simon Mays-Smith: Thanks everyone for attending. We look forward to seeing many of you on the road over the coming weeks and towards AU at the end of October. Please just ping me if you have any questions in the meantime. Otherwise, we'll catch up on next quarter's call towards the end of November. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes the conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q4  (2024-02-29 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. And welcome to Autodesk's Fourth Quarter and Full Year Fiscal 2024 Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the call over to Simon Mays-Smith, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Simon Mays-Smith: Thanks, operator. And good afternoon. Thanks for joining our conference call to discuss the fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2024 results. On the line with me are Andrew Anagnost, our CEO; and Debbie Clifford, our CFO. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements including outlook and related assumptions, products and strategy. Actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Form 10-Q and the Form 8-K filed with today's press release for important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will quote several numeric or growth changes during this call as we discuss our financial performance. Unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. All non-GAAP numbers referenced in today's call are reconciled in our press release or Excel financials and other supplemental materials available on our Investor Relations website. And now, I will turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Simon. And welcome, everyone, to the call. We finished the year strongly, delivering 40% constant currency revenue growth in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024. Resilience, discipline and opportunity again underpinned our robust financial and competitive performance. Autodesk's resiliency comes from its subscription business model and its product and customer diversification, which balances growth across different regions and industries. Renewal rates remained strong. And new business growth and leading indicators were consistent with recent quarters. Despite ongoing macroeconomic policy and geopolitical headwinds, we saw growing usage, record big activity on BuildingConnected and cautious optimism from channel partners. Disciplined and focused execution and strategic capital deployment through the economic cycle enables Autodesk to realize the significant benefits of its strategy, while mitigating the risks of having to make expensive catch-up investments later on. With the new transaction model, we are approaching the final phase of modernizing our go-to-market motion, which has involved updating our infrastructure, retiring old system to end business models, and building more durable and direct relationships with our customers and ecosystem. At the same time, we are advancing a multi-year process to develop lifecycle solutions within and between our industry clouds, powered by shared platform services and with Autodesk's data model at its core. Together, these will enable Autodesk, its customers, and partners to create more valuable, data-driven and connected products and services. Having led the industry in general design, we are leading again in 3D generative AI. Autodesk is getting closer to a transformational leap where Autodesk AI is to [three] (ph) design and make where ChatGPT is to language. Our new multimodal foundation models will enable design and make customers to automate low-value and repetitive tasks and generate more high-value complex designs more rapidly and with much greater consistency. We can already generate 3D representations from images 10 times faster and with faster higher-quality and currently available through the AI. We're bolstering our homegrown capabilities and data with partnerships and acquisitions in existing and adjacent verticals. Our recent bidirectional integration of fusion with cadence and the acquisition of payouts are good examples. Discipline and focus on executing our strategy and deploying capital also underpin our opportunity. Our go-to-market and platform initiatives will drive even greater operational velocity and efficiency within Autodesk, which will free up further resources to invest in our industry clouds and capabilities, including AI and sustained margin improvement. And with a modernized go-to-market motion, lifecycle solutions and platform services, Autodesk will fulfill its potential to break down the silos within and between manufacturing, AEC and media entertainment, enabling our customers to unleash their data and design a better world built for all. I will now turn the call over to Debbie to take you through our quarterly financial performance and guidance for fiscal 2025, I'll then come back to update you on our strategic growth initiatives.
Debbie Clifford: Thanks, Andrew. Our financial performance in the fourth quarter and for the fiscal year was strong, particularly in our enterprise business. Early renewals and strong upfront revenue from enterprise business agreements or EBAs and federal governments drove some of the outperformance relative to our expectations in both Q4 billings and revenue. Overall market conditions and the underlying momentum of the business were consistent with the last few quarters. Total revenue grew 11% and 14% in constant-currency with upfront revenue driving 2 percentage points of that growth. By products in constant currency, AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT revenue grew 7%, AEC revenue grew 18%, manufacturing revenue grew 16% and M&E revenue was up 8%. AEC and manufacturing benefited from EBA true-up and upfront revenue. By region in constant currency, revenue grew 19% in the Americas, 11% in EMEA and 8% in APAC. Direct revenue increased 19% and represented 39% of total revenue, up 3 percentage points from last year, benefiting from strong growth in both EBAs and the Autodesk's store. Net revenue retention rate remained within the 100% to 110% range at constant exchange rates. Billings declined 19% in the quarter, resulting from the transition from upfront to annual billings for multiyear contracts as expected. So, slightly offset by some early renewals in North America. As part of our implementation sequencing for the new transaction model, we shifted our North American price increase from the end of March to the beginning of February. This resulted in some renewals moving from Q1 fiscal 2025 to Q4 fiscal 2024 which modestly boosted billings in January. Total deferred revenue decreased 7% to $4.3 billion and expected result of the transition from upfront to annual billings for multiyear contracts. Total RPO of $6.1 billion and current RPO of $4 billion grew 9% and 13% respectively. Early renewals drove about 1 percentage point of current RPO growth. Total RPO growth decelerated in Q4 when compared to Q3 when we closed our largest-ever EBA. The year-over-year deceleration was due to the lower mix of multiyear contracts in fiscal 2024 when compared to fiscal 2023, which I mentioned last quarter. In line with recent quarters and our expectations, we again saw some evidence of multiyear customers switching to annual contracts during the quarter. Turning to the P&L, GAAP and non-GAAP gross margin were broadly level, while operating margin was modestly lower in the fourth quarter, primarily due to the timing of Autodesk University costs shifting from Q3 to Q4, which we flagged last quarter. As expected, full-year non-GAAP operating margin was level year-over-year but up about one 1 percentage point at constant exchange rates. Fourth-quarter GAAP operating margin was up 40 basis points year-over-year and about 1 percentage point at constant exchange rates, partly due to a reduction in stock-based compensation as a percent of revenue. At current course and speed, the ratio of stock-based compensation as a percent of revenue peaks in fiscal 2024. We expect it to fall to 10% or lower over time. Free cash flow for the quarter and full year was $427 million and $1.28 billion respectively with early renewals, providing a modest tailwind in the fourth quarter. The most significant free-cash-flow headwinds from our transition from upfront to annual billings for multiyear contracts are now behind us, which means our free-cash-flow through during fiscal 2024 and will mechanically rebuild over the next few years. Turning to capital allocation. We continue to actively manage capital within our framework and deploy it with discipline and focus through the economic cycle to drive long-term shareholder value. As you heard from Andrew, we continue to invest organically and through complementary acquisitions to enhance our capabilities and the industry clouds and platform that underpin them. During the quarter, we purchased approximately 300,000 shares for $63 million at an average price of approximately $217 per share. We have now offset estimated dilution from our stock-based compensation program well into fiscal 2026. We will continue to repurchase shares opportunistically to offset dilution from stock-based compensation when it makes sense to do so. Now let me finish with guidance. Overall, end-market demand has remained pretty consistent over the last few quarters. Macroeconomic and one-off factors like the Hollywood writer strike dragged on the new business growth rate during fiscal 2024 and will modestly drag on revenue growth in fiscal 2025, but Autodesk's resilience and robust underlying demand for its products and services reinforce its long-term growth potential. Turning to revenue. I want to highlight four key puts and takes impacting growth in fiscal 2025. First, let me talk about the new transaction model. We've added some slides to the earnings deck to help illustrate how to think about this shift, which I'll briefly summarize. The new transaction model enables Autodesk to build closer, more direct relationships with its customers and partners and to better understand and serve them with more data, more self-service and greater predictability. It will be a cornerstone of the data services that Andrew talked about earlier. As you can see from Slide 11, the transition mechanically drives higher revenue and costs is broadly neutral to operating profit and free-cash-flow dollars and is a headwind to operating margin percent. About $600 million of payments made the resellers and developed markets in fiscal 2024 were accounted for as contra-revenue. As this business moves to the new transaction model, these payments will shift to marketing and sales expense over the next few years, all else equal, with the timing of cost recognition not materially different than before. The change affects a substantial majority of our business, but note that emerging markets and our federal government business will remain on the buy-sell model for the foreseeable future. The pace of the shift will primarily be determined by the mechanical build from ratable subscription revenue accounting and the rate of regional rollout of the new transaction model. While the former is relatively easy to predict given the ratable revenue recognition of our subscription business model, which fills over time, the latter will in part be determined by what we learn as we roll out the model further. We gained useful insights from the successful rollout in Australia, and we're expecting to learn more as we roll out with much higher volumes in North America this year. We will be able to apply those learnings when we launch in EMEA. Our fiscal 2025 guidance assumes the new transaction model is deployed in North America in Q2 of fiscal 2025 and provides about a 1 percentage point tailwind to Autodesk's revenue growth and a 3 points to 4 point tailwind to billings growth. Second, the acquisition of payouts, which closed on February 20th, is expected to contribute about 0.5 point of revenue growth in fiscal 2025. Third, token consumption for the fiscal 12021 EBA cohort exceeded consumption predictions made during the pandemic which resulted in true-up payments in fiscal 2024. Token consumption and the smaller post-pandemic fiscal 2022 EBA cohort is tracking more in line with predictions, which means we expect fewer true-up payments in fiscal 2025. This pandemic echo effect is about a point of headwind to fiscal 2025 revenue growth. And fourth, our rolling four-quarter foreign-exchange hedges means that FX is expected to be about a 1 percentage point headwind to reported revenue growth in fiscal 2025. Bringing this altogether, we expect revenue of between $5.99 billion and $6.09 billion in fiscal 2025, which translates into a revenue growth of about 9% to 11% compared to fiscal 2024. Adjusting the midpoint of our guidance to exclude noise from the new transaction model, acquisitions, the absence of EBA true-up revenue and FX, we expect underlying revenue to grow more than 10% in fiscal 2025. Moving on to margins. We're going to manage our non-GAAP operating margins between a range of 35% and 36% in fiscal 2025, with the goal of keeping them roughly level with fiscal 2024. This means we expect a roughly one-point underlying margin improvement will be broadly offset by the margin headwind from the new transaction model. As we transition to the new transaction model, we'll see operating margin headwinds from the accounting change of moving reseller costs from contra-revenue to sales and marketing expense. We'll also have incremental investment in people, processes and automation. But over the long-term, we expect that this transition to the new transaction model will enable us to further optimize our business, which we anticipate will provide a tailwind to revenue, operating income and free-cash-flow dollars, even after the incremental costs we expect to incur. Moving on to free cash flow, we expect to generate between $1.43 billion and $1.5 billion of free cash flow in fiscal 2025. In Australia, some channel partners accelerated renewals ahead of the transition to the new transaction model to derisk month one of the transition. Because the new transaction model will be rolled out in Q2 in North America, it may be that the behavior we saw in Australia occurs also in North America, which may accelerate billings and free cash flow to earlier quarters, but should not materially change the outlook for the year. Excluding $200 million from fiscal 2024 free cash flow from multiyear upfront billings, which are now billed annually, in fiscal 2025, we expect free cash flow growth of about 35% at the midpoint of our guidance. We expect faster free-cash-flow growth in fiscal 2026 because of the return of our largest multi-year renewal cohort, the mechanical stacking of multiyear contracts billed annually and a larger EBA cohort. As we navigate the new transaction model transition, the pace of the rollout will create noise in the P&L. So we think free cash flow is the best measure of our performance. At current course and speed, our free cash flow estimate for fiscal 2026 at the midpoint is approximately $2.05 billion, which is in line with consensus estimates. In the context of significant macroeconomic, geopolitical, policy, health and climate uncertainty, the mechanical rebuilding of our free cash flow as we transition to annual billings for multiyear contracts gives Autodesk an enviable source of visibility and certainty. We continue to manage our business using a Rule-of-40 framework with a goal of reaching 45% or more over time. We are taking significant steps toward our goal this year and next. We think this balance between compounding growth and strong free-cash-flow margins, captured in the Rule-of-40 framework is the hallmark of the most valuable companies in the world and we intend to remain one of them. The slide deck on our website has more details on modeling assumptions for Q1 and full-year fiscal 2025. Andrew, back to you.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Debbie. Let me finish by updating you on our strong progress in the fourth quarter. We continue to see good momentum in AEC, particularly in infrastructure and construction fueled by customers consolidating onto our solutions to connect and optimize previously siloed workflows through the cloud. The cornerstone of that growing interest is our comprehensive end-to-end solutions, encompassing design, preconstruction, field execution through handover and into operations. This breadth of connected capability enables us to extend our footprint further into infrastructure and construction and also expand our reach into the mid-market. As a sign of that growing momentum, we closed a record number of deals over 100,000 and $1 million in construction accounts in the United States and worldwide during this quarter. Let me give you a few examples. First, Vinci, a world leader in concessions, energy and construction has been leveraging Autodesk solutions to streamline its operations and drive international expansion. With a platform approach, Revit customization and BIM as a standard practice, Vinci has achieved significant time savings annually and captured more business abroad. In Q4, Vinci renewed its fourth enterprise business agreement with Autodesk, expanding the deployment of Autodesk Construction Cloud on major projects to further integrate its data and workflows, and ensure a seamless transition from design through construction. Second, after a competitive RFP process early in the year, Fortis Construction, an ENR 400 firm based in Oregon ran a thorough peer assessment and selected Autodesk Construction Cloud for a six-month pilot. With the confidence gained during the pilot and close alignment between the construction technology vision and Autodesk roadmap to a connected design-build-operate platform, Fortis committed in Q4 to a multi-year agreement across preconstruction and construction. And third, the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation recently chose Autodesk Construction Cloud as the primary tool powering its project delivery collaboration center, which will manage the project delivery of infrastructure projects in the state, in large part due to our software-inclusive open ecosystem. Again, these stories have a common theme, managing people, processes and data across the project lifecycle to increase efficiency and sustainability, while decreasing risk. Overtime, we expect the majority of all projects to be managed this way and we remain focused on enabling that transition through our industry clouds. With the acquisition of Payapps, Autodesk will embed payment and compliance management into the project lifecycle. It can take an average of 83 days for subcontractors to get paid after putting work in place. And because of the risk, many will not bid on a project if a general contractor or an owner has a reputation for slow payments. Our goal is to leverage technology that eases the burden of construction payment management in a simpler, faster and more efficient process for all construction project stakeholders. Moving on to manufacturing. We made excellent progress on our strategic initiatives. Customers continue to invest in their digital transformations and consolidate our design and make platform to grow their business and make it more resilient. In automotive, we continue to grow our footprint beyond the design studio into manufacturing and connected factories as automotive OEMs connect data and shorten hand-off to the design cycle. In the US, a leading manufacturer of leveraged AEC Solutions Fusion and Autodesk platform services to develop a connected factory, it delivered a much greater ROI to significantly faster design durations, product prototyping and data federation. Due to expanded EBA signed in Q4, it is exploring using VR studio tools in customization and increasing its adoption of Autodesk Construction Cloud to bring its new factories to life. We continue to serve some of the largest manufacturers in the world with a full breadth of our portfolio, as they design and make both products and factories. One of the largest private manufacturers in the US leverages our advanced manufacturing portfolio including Fusion, PowerMill and Moldflow, which has helped reduce rework in plastic designed by 20%. To build clean-energy solutions, it utilizes our AEC collection, including BIM metadata, assembly breakout and installation instructions for its building products. In Q4, the customer increased its EBA with Autodesk, and plans to expand our partnership beyond Revit and Autodesk Construction Cloud to support the digitalization of its factories. Fusion remains one of the fastest-growing products in the manufacturing industry and ended the quarter with 255,000 subscribers, driven by the growing number of customers who recognize the value of cloud-based workflows, enhancing efficiency, sustainability and resilience within their organization. As the breadth and depth of Fusion features and capabilities expand, we're beginning to drive adoption by larger companies and sort of higher-value segments of the professional market through expansion. As we do this, commercial subscriptions will become less complete indicators of Fusion's performance relative to the value we can realize in our reporting or change to reflect that. In education, we are preparing future engineers to drive innovation through next-generation design, analysis and manufacturing solutions. In the fall, the University of Delaware selected Fusion for more than 600 students to use in its introduction to engineering class, replacing a competitor's solution. Fusion was chosen because it facilitated better team collaboration, was easily adopted thing to available teaching resources and provided a single integrated platform to learn CAD, stimulation and CAM. And lastly, we continue to work with our customers to ensure they are using the latest and most secure versions of our software. In Q4, an American pharmaceutical company looked to understand its own usage better and ensure remains compliant in the transition to our named user model. In collaboration with our license compliance team, a preventative audit was conducted to identify risk areas and construct the combination of subscriptions and Flex tokens for continued access. It is also taking the opportunity Flex enables us to trial new products from our portfolio, resulting in an annual spend increase of more than 30%. Autodesk remains relentlessly curious with a propensity and desire to evolve and innovate. Time and again, our success in executing strategic transformation and added new growth vectors, built a more diverse and resilient business, forged broader, trusted and more durable partnerships with more customers and given Autodesk a longer runway of growth and free-cash-flow generation. We are building the future with focus, purpose and optimism. Operator, we would like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Saket Kalia of Barclays. Your question, please Saket.
Saket Kalia: Okay. Great. Hey Andrew, hey Debbie. Thanks for taking my questions here and nicely done.
Debbie Clifford: Thanks, Sakit.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks, Sakit.
Saket Kalia: Hey, guys. Andrew, maybe just to start with you, you talked a little bit more about generative AI on this call, which was great to hear. Maybe just to make sure the question is asked, can you just talk about what your sort of core engineering customers are saying about generative AI? And I'm sure it's a very long discussion, but how do you think about the value that Autodesk can provide sort of on that journey?
Andrew Anagnost: Yeah. So first off, Saket, let me make it clear that, it’s our intent to be the market leader in generative AI, just like we were in generative design over 10 years ago. So we intend to lean into this pretty heavily. Our AI lab has been in existence since 2018, it's been where some of the core research that's contributing to some of the things I talked about in the opening commentary came from. But also, we've been delivering AI in our products for several years now -- we just released drawing automation into Fusion, which allows people to automate manufacturing drawing stacks, which is a very labor intensive effort, and it's a high productivity driver for our customers. So, in terms of what our customers are saying to us. One, they're looking for the productivity increases. They're asking what are they going to look like, what kind of productivity increases are you going to deliver to this, and how are you going to use our data to deliver those productivity increases. Now, in terms of how we're going to do this is, there's two avenues that we're going to be approaching here. One is going to be more disruptive to how our customers work and the other one is going to be basically automating the capabilities and workflows they have today. We have to do both. Both have different value levers, both will have different adoption curves. Some of the things I talked about in the opening commentary about some of our new tools for generating 3D models from photographs or for incomplete 3D models, those are disruptive approaches that set up initial model ideas for our customers and allow them to do things initially with a blank slate kind of concept, where they create a model from specifications and requirements. We haven't released any of that yet, we will at some point release that to a private beta. But right now it's just something we're really proud of and we think is really important. That's an important disruptive technology. The other technologies are also going to look a lot like what we did with Fusion drawing automation. There are going to be tools that take the complexity of delivering and creating a 3D model and all of its outputs to a process and take it from months to weeks or sometimes even days and that's going to make customers who are currently using these tools maybe slower in the adoption of more disruptive tools, incredibly more productive. Both avenues are valid, both are important, and both are areas that we're focusing on.
Saket Kalia: Got it. That makes a lot of sense. Debbie, maybe for my follow up for you, Autodesk obviously provides a lot of value to its customers, which you're also able to capture as well. Maybe the question is, can you just talk a little about some of the recent pricing actions that have been out there? And what sort of customer behavior that might drive as a result? I think there was a little bit of difference in pricing, sort of between one year and multi-year subscriptions. How do you think about that impacting the model, if at all, going forward?
Debbie Clifford: Sure. So let's start first with what we did. So there's a couple of things that are going on. We did about a 3 point increase for market factors and then we did a 5% increase for renewals. With market factors this was something that we've been talking about for a while. Our goal is to streamline pricing around the world. And then for the renewals price change before the increase, we had a 10 point price differential between new and renewal and with this move to agency or the move to the new transaction model, we don't see as much of a need for that delta. In Q4 what we did was, we moved up the timing of the price increase so that we could better sequence things with the new transaction model coming and that led to some early renewals down the stretch. That's part of what gave an extra point of growth to current RPO. But the price increase overall was most helpful to billings, but it wasn't material to revenue and free cash flow.
Saket Kalia: Got it. Very helpful. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Adam Borg of Stifel. Your question please, Adam.
Adam Borg: Great. And thanks much for taking the question. Maybe on the transactional model and thanks guys for all of the disclosures around it. Maybe talk a little bit more about the learnings you have from the early customer and partner feedback in Australia and even now that you have the early days of this direct relationship, anything interesting there that you're learning from your more direct relationship with customers, be it usage or adoption or expansion that you clearly didn't have before with the prior model? Thanks.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Thanks, Adam, for that question. First off, let me just reinforce something here, because I want to make sure that we're all on the same page here about why we're doing this, right? This is a critical part of a relentless, ongoing modernization of Autodesk business, getting us ready for the long term success we expect in a world of AI driven, cloud-based solutions for design to make lifecycles, right? It's a necessary step in this. It's the last big one in our journey of all the ones we've done at this point, and it really has some big benefits for our customers, long term. One, it's going to allow us to understand them a lot better in ways that we can't currently understand them because don't have the full account record of what the customer is doing. Two, it's going to allow us to deliver a lot more self service capability to these customers. And three, it's going to turn our partner channel into design made collaborators and consultants for our customers with their own unique IP and their own services and away from transaction partners. So it's critical that we kind of get on the same page of that. With regards to Australia, we actually did learn a lot, right? Mostly about the transactions at this point because it was only for a quarter and a little bit. It didn't necessarily have direct impacts on customer behavior. But what we did learn we've now put into the process. In fact, we actually delayed our US rollout by 30 days based on some of the learnings during the Australian process. We changed our roadmap for some of the capabilities, updated and upgraded some of the capabilities in the transaction systems to kind of correspond with some things we saw in Australia. And we also kind of delivered some new enablement materials for partners and frankly for customers as well, so they understand how this transaction model impacts their relationship with Autodesk. So we definitely took the learnings to the bank to make sure that we were better prepared and we even gave ourselves a little bit more time, based on what we learned to finish up a few things that we think are going to be impactful.
Adam Borg: That's great. And maybe just as a quick follow up, you talked about some success with state DoT, as you think about kind of the infrastructure bill and the stimulus that continues to be deployed. Maybe just give a quick update on Innovyze and just a quick State of the Union there and the opportunity as part of the broader infrastructure push. Thanks so much.
Andrew Anagnost: Yea, so you'll probably hear us use the word -- name Innovyze a lot less and talk a little bit more about Autodesk Construction or water solutions moving forward, all right. So I just want to be clear about that. Water is and has been a big part of our EBA successes. Larger customers are adding water solutions. I think there's an obvious reason for that. Water is just as important as it was before, if not more so. I think you're probably aware that in California, we just had yet another kind of flood where people didn't expect to have floods in San Diego and that's all because water management infrastructure is moving water in the wrong places. So people need to build and rebuild water infrastructure of all types, water scarcity, water purity, all of these things. Water is going to be a big business moving into the future and it's continued to enhance some of our EBAs with that respect. Since you mentioned infrastructure in general, I just want to kind of point a little bit to something that you heard in the opening commentary about PennDOT, all right. I think that's a really important story about what's going on there. Why is PennDOT choosing our solutions? What's going on? Because of the infrastructure bill and some of the money that was put in the infrastructure bill to help some of these Departments of Transportation understand how to invest in the future, PennDOT looked at its portfolio of tools, they looked at the future, they looked at what they need going out 10 years, 20 years in the future, what kind of modern stacks they want to work on, and they chose to move to our solutions and incorporate more of our solutions in their environment. That's an important first step in what we're trying to do. We want to be part of modernizing these Departments of Transportation with the kind of modern staff that we've created in the end-to-end design to make solutions. That's another vector here to pay attention to as the infrastructure boom kind of continues to roll out into the United States.
Adam Borg: Great. Thanks for all the details.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin securities. Your question please, Jay.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good afternoon. Andrew, first question concerns the transaction model and what I'd like to ask about is relating the operational and transactional and accounting systems and compensation systems that you've put in place relative to the scale of your volume. You added well over 700,000 subscriptions in fiscal 2024, more than you added in fiscal 2023. You've spoken of certain growth expectations for volume over time. So, maybe help us understand the capacity that you have in place now to support the long term volume growth expectations that you have, because undoubtedly you're looking to do substantially more subscription additions than you did in fiscal 2024.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So Jay, obviously the modernization of Autodesk and its back office infrastructures isn't just about rolling out the new transaction model and the kind of the nuts and bolts of that. It's actually about increasing our internal capacity to do these things at scale, which is exactly what we were trying to test in Australia, in the various environments and that we've been testing since then. So, we are very confident that we've not only built a transaction environment, but a cascading set of capabilities that allow us to scale significantly as we move forward. Because you're right, we intend to get deeper and deeper into people's design and make processes and that's going to increase the amount of subscriptions that are being used downstream in other types of make processes and we have to be able to operate at scale. So this is not just a new transactional model modernization effort. It's a full scale modernization effort inside of Autodesk that captures all aspects of this. And the good thing about the cascading rollout, the way we're doing it this year with the US first, is again we're going to get yet another test on the volume and capacity of the systems that allows us to understand where we're at before we go live with the next level of rollout and volume capture. But just know that this is more than just a transaction model. It is a full scale modernization of what's going on under the hood at Autodesk.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Yes. Understood. Second question concerns products and technology. When we think back to the various product sessions and roadmap sessions that you talked about at AU a few months ago, what do you think are the critical executables -- product deliverables that you're aiming for, for this year either in terms of improving upon or expanding the existing products, such as Revit or other new tools?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, so I'll just hit a few here okay. First off, in manufacturing, the critical thing that really needs to happen this year for Fusion, for example, is we have to improve our capability to help move Fusion from small teams in the design and make part of the business, all the way up to supporting full scale engineering team. So basically scaling the size of installations inside of our customer base with Fusion. That's going to be through a combination of things we do with our cloud based data management solutions as well as some of our AI-based solutions which basically attract people to the product because of the productivity enhancement. But that is definitely an important effort. There's a second ancillary effort with regards to the Fusion around ensuring that our partnerships with companies like Cadence and the internal EDA capabilities we built in the Fusion set us up for a boom in smart products. We want to be the solution that people choose for smart products. We built enough capability into Fusion that people can get a certain way end-to-end with Fusion and we're partnering to make sure that when things get more sophisticated, we're able to move up into the more sophisticated processes associated with these smart products. Now, when it comes to Forma, Forma and Fusion kind of dance together here and one of the things that -- it's really important to do as we move into this year is make sure that Forma and Revit play together as our customers try to move forward as they adopt Fusion and also as they use Revit more collaborative in the cloud, that these two products work together in some way, that they exchange data and interoperate in ways that nobody else can achieve. Because the truth of the matter is, the work that people are doing with Revit isn't going away. It's a huge amount of what they do and we need to make sure that, that work is more efficient in a formal world. So, look for us to not only increase the capabilities of Forma, but increase its relationship with Revit as well, which I think is really important. The last thing I'll say, just around media and entertainment is, we have to continue to take what we're doing with regards to moving beyond post production special effects into full production management, script-to-screen capabilities for our customers in the filmmaking industry and make some of that real with the flow platform and that's really the big goal for the media entertainment team, is to make flow real this year and help our customers really see possibilities of integrating new types of complex solutions on top of a single production management environment.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Very good. Thank you Andrew. Thank you Debbie.
Andrew Anagnost: You're very welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe Vruwink of Baird. Please go ahead Joe.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Hi everyone. Thanks for taking my questions. I wanted to ask -- so Autodesk has framed growth rates over the long arc of time in that 10% to 15% range. 2025 guidance is obviously holding to the 10%. When you think about 10% conceptually, is that ultimately, as you would expect, just given the nature of your businesses being exposed to certain end markets that are perhaps now closer to their bottoming or troughing point in a given cycle? And if that maybe is the case and this is the bottoming point, what indications are you watching over coming quarters to maybe set the stage for a recovery scenario, which, of course, your markets typically do after they reach that bottoming point?
Debbie Clifford: Thanks. So, we continue to target that 10% to 15% revenue growth algorithm and you're right, the midpoint for fiscal 2025 was right at that 10% coming off a year where we did 13% growth in constant currency. And really what we've said is that where we end up in that 10% to 15% range is going to be contingent upon the macroeconomic backdrop that we operate in, as well as our ability to harvest the opportunities that we have before us across AEC, manufacturing and so on. And so, the things that we're watching as we proceed through this year with that 10% midpoint are some of the things that we've been talking about for a while now. So, new business growth is really important indicator of future revenue performance for the company and we said in this last quarter that new business growth grew, but it was relatively soft, consistent with what we had seen over the previous several quarters. So, definitely being impacted by macro and that's one of the factors that's driving the 10% revenue growth midpoint in fiscal 2025, so we'll continue to watch that closely. We also watch product usage, we watch bidding activity on our BuildingConnected platform, and we stay close to our channel partners, try and understand what they're seeing in terms of their demand. So those are the things that we're going to be watching to see how this year progresses and beyond.
Joe Vruwink: Okay thanks. That's helpful. And then I wanted to follow-up on the free cash flow. I think I heard $2.05 billion for fiscal 2026. At one point there was a comment that the progression between FY 2024 and 2026, that was going to be linear, of course, if you normalize for that $200 million effect benefit last year and then comes out this year. I guess as I look at that and the $2.05 billion, it's not quite linear. It would seem like FY 2026 is actually maybe a bit stronger. Did something change in kind of the modeling out of the progression? Just any color there?
Debbie Clifford: Nothing's changed Joe. So we said that we anticipate that cash flow would grow greater in fiscal 2026 than what we saw in fiscal 2025. And when you think about modeling the growth rate, just remember that you have to remove the $200 million in fiscal 2024 before we stopped selling multi-year contracts upfront.
Joe Vruwink: Okay, I'll leave it there. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Celino of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Your line is open, Jason.
Jason Celino: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe first for Andrew, just on the acquisition of Payapps and they were a great partner of yours. Just curious on what drove the decision to acquire them outright versus just extending the partnership? Thanks.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. All right, so since you opened up the door there, let's talk a little bit about construction in general, because I think it's important to kind of highlight what's been going on there. We had a great EBA quarter for construction. Construction saw strong growth in our largest accounts, which is really important for the long term health of construction. And at a really high level we also saw an increase in $100,000 deals and $1 million deals both in the US and internationally and that's really important. And this is where -- one of the things where Payapps comes in, right? Remember, we're going end-to-end with our solutions here from design all the way to make. And we want to make sure that we get into the preconstruction planning and other types of our customers processes. It takes 83 days for our customers to process payments in their environment that's just too long. Now, we're not getting into the transaction business. What we're doing is, we're getting into the business of helping them automate and track those payments across their entire life cycle so that they can get, quicker return, reduce that 83 days to be faster, and increase their cash flows. This has to be something we tightly integrate into our solution. So, we intend to tightly integrate this in just like we rebuilt some of the other solutions we acquired previously into what is today Autodesk Build, which is a new modern platform for doing some of these things. So we thought it was very important to own this so that we can integrate it. And then we went out there and we bought a premium asset. It's a leader. It's a global leader in payment processors. It's not a small company, it's not what we could afford, it's what we needed. And I think that's really important. So, when we look forward at construction right now, we see tools like this being critical as well as our pre-construction tools and we actually see the deal cycles maybe getting a little longer, but we're competing head-to-head a lot more. And I want to again highlight that Fortis deal out of Oregon, which was a head-to-head competitive deal with a pilot period that ended up going fully to Autodesk. So what we see right now in our business is building momentum driven by the end-to-end solution and kind of acquisitions, like Payapps as well. So, when we look forward into next year, we don't see deceleration of the business, we see acceleration.
Jason Celino: Okay. No, that's very helpful. And then my quick follow up for Debbie. Sorry if I missed it, but the 13% constant currency growth we did this year, did you mention how much was from the strong renewal cohort and then maybe any upfront revenues? I'm just trying to understand the several points of decel embedded in the 2025 guide? Thanks.
Debbie Clifford: Yes. So the early renewal cohort didn't have any impact to revenue really, that had more of an impact on billings than it would have on revenue. And then the strength that we saw in enterprise represented about 1 point of growth.
Jason Celino: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tyler Radke of Citi. Please go ahead Tyler.
Tyler Radke: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. Along the similar lines of Jason's question on construction Andrew. I'm just wondering if you could provide us an update on the go-to-market changes that you made, I believe last year and how you're expecting that business and you talked about acceleration, obviously make revenue is growing in the teens. Is this a business you think can be 20% over the medium term? Just help us frame what you're seeing both from the go-to-market and pipeline perspective? Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So, as you know, last year was the full year of integrating the sales force back into the mainline sales force. We went through some of the integration efforts to do that. There were obviously some slowdowns in the business related to integration of those things. Those things are past us now, the business is fully integrated. It's starting the year off, not only fully integrated from the get-go, but with all of the processes, plans and capabilities all lined up according to how we want to grow the business heading into the year. And one of the things I wanted you to notice in my previous commentary is that, we're seeing deal activity going up. So, the pipeline is actually firming up really well and we're in more deals and some of these deals are more competitive, but we embrace that because when we're in a competitive deals, that means we're showing up in places we weren't showing up before because people are calling us in. That's a really important part of this whole entire process. People are starting to ask themselves what solution do they need for the next 10 years, 15 years versus what's available out there today. And the end-to-end capabilities we're delivering, especially leaning more heavily into our preconstruction capabilities, which lock in a lot of the cost and complexity and risk of a construction project, this is where we're leaning into this year and this is where we're going to be driving the growth. So I think we're past integration issues moving forward into pure execution at scale inside the mainline salesforce. The EBA success is a great example of that.
Tyler Radke: That's helpful. And maybe a follow up for Debbie and apologies I've been jumping around calls, but can you just frame how you're thinking about the relative drivers of the top line growth outlook for FY 2025 between subs growth and pricing and the usual factors that build up to that? Thank you.
Debbie Clifford: Sure. So, we typically are trying to target roughly 50-50 split of growth coming from volume and it's either price mix or margin basically, partner margin is how we think about it. So, across volume and price, again, our target is to do roughly 50-50 in fiscal 2025 that would continue to be our goal. Now there's certainly years where it's going to vacillate between one or the other and we've talked about how this past year our new business was growing slower than we would anticipate in a more normal macroeconomic environment. As we look ahead, we're hoping to get that growth coming from roughly equally across those two, volume and price. So that's how we're thinking about it.
Tyler Radke: Thanks, Debbie.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Funk of Bank of America. Your question, please, Michael?
Michael Funk: Yes. Thank you for the questions. So first, one of your competitors mentioned pressure on projected seat growth due to the declining ranks of engineers. Are you seeing a similar impact or is that not impacting your customers?
Andrew Anagnost: We are not seeing a decline in our growth rates because of any pressure out there associated with engineers. As a matter of fact, one of the things that's really important because we're moving into design and make processes, we have a pretty broad swath of people that we're able to touch. Also, we continue to displace competitive products, especially with Fusion in the manufacturing space. So, we're not seeing that kind of effect declining bases. We do see customers at times optimizing their installations with Autodesk to try to right size things, but not because they're downsizing their employment base.
Michael Funk: Thank you for that. Then one for you Debbie, and thank you for the clarity and moving pieces in 2025. In the press release, you mentioned that the guidance for growth in 2025, you said adjusting for FX, EBA acquisitions, transaction model you gave additional data points on the call, is the right way to think about it that guidance, constant currency ex-EBA transaction model and acquisitions is basically 9.5% to 11.5% growth rate in 2025, is that the right very basic math?
Debbie Clifford: So what we talked about was a point of headwind from FX, a point of headwind from the absence of EBA true-ups, half a point of tailwind from acquisitions, and a point of tailwind from the new transaction model. So the net effect of that is half a point. So, yes.
Michael Funk: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Tusa of JP Morgan. Your question please, Stephen.
Stephen Tusa: Hey, guys. Congrats on a good quarter. What would do you think is in the kind of crystal ball to drive you to the low end of the range? Like what are you concerned about that you can see today? I assume that's part of the macro, but what within the macro would get you to the low end of the range?
Debbie Clifford: We'll continue to watch that new business grow. That's something that we're laser focused on and if macroeconomic conditions were to shift, then that would be probably one of the first things that we'd be impacted and that can take us to the lower end of the range. We're watching end market demand pretty closely so that's why we talk about bid activity on BuildingConnected and it continues to be at record highs. But of course, if that were to take a turn, that can have an impact on us. And then we monitor these sentiment that we're hearing from our channel partners to understand how they're seeing end market demand and what the impacts might be for our business. So, those are the types of things that could inform whether or not we would be at the lower end of the range.
Stephen Tusa: Okay and just to be clear, I thought it was when you went through some of the other moving parts on guidance that it netted out to kind of a point of tailwind. I guess you're throwing in the EBA true ups, or at least adjusting those out to get to an underlying rate. Is that part of the calc there?
Debbie Clifford: Yes. And sorry to go back to the last question, because there's a lot of moving parts here, and it has been confusing. So for revenue in the guide, it's 1 point of headwind from FX, 1 point of headwind from the absence of EBA true-ups, 0.5 point of tailwind from the acquisitions, and 1 point of tailwind from the new transaction model, which is a net negative. So net 0.5 negative headwind as we look into the guide for fiscal 2025.
Stephen Tusa: Okay. And then just one last quick one on the subs. I guess they're up 12 for the year, if I have that number right. Your constant currency was 13 can you maybe explain what you mean by half coming from volume and half coming from price? It seems like that's a lot from -- much more from volume there maybe there's some mix or something like that?
Debbie Clifford: Yeah, there's definitely mix effects. And like I said, our target is to have it be roughly 50-50 between volume and price. But in any given year, we're going to have some puts and takes between that. But when we think about our guidance for fiscal 2025, we're targeting that 50-50 mix again.
Stephen Tusa: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Nay Soe Naing of Berenberg. Your question, please Nay.
Nay Soe Naing: Hi, everyone. Thank you for taking my questions. I've got two, if I may. Starting with you mentioned a lot of positive developments in the products like ACC BuildingConnect and the Fusion 360. I was wondering how we should think about that when it comes to your make revenue. And if we look at the growth rates in make segment, it's been consistent around 17% on constant currency for the past three quarters. Is there a possibility with all the positive developments that the make revenue will go back to growth rates in the 20s going forward? That was my first question. And the second question is on the new transaction model, please. I think Debbie, you mentioned that you're expecting 1 percentage point of growth tailwind from the new transaction, FY 2025, which will equate about $55 million and then the slide deck you mentioned there's about $600 million of reseller commission in total. So the remaining $450 million or so -- sorry, apologies, $550 million or so, will that all come through in FY 2026, or will it take longer for all the contra revenue to flush through in your P&L? Thank you.
Debbie Clifford: So a couple of things. So first sorry, you were a little bit garbled and coming through, so we didn't quite get the first question and we'll go ahead and try and take those in the callbacks. But when we think about the new transaction model and the $600 million, I think the most important things to take away are the $600 million is a good number to model with. As you think about how to model the business during the transition and the pace at which you'll see the new transaction model cost, that $600 million bleed into revenue and expense over time is really going to be dictated by the pace of the rollout. And so, think of it as something that's going to be bleeding into revenue and expense over the next couple of years.
Nay Soe Naing: Right. I think at the previous quarter you mentioned it would take about two years to implement this new transaction model. So, presumably this total $600 million bleeding into revenue and cost will take longer than two years to complete in totality?
Debbie Clifford: So the act of transitioning, the invoicing will take approximately two years to complete. But remember that we recognize revenue over approximately one year. So it's going to be a little past that when the invoices at the higher amount bleed into revenue.
Nay Soe Naing: Right. Okay, understood. Thank you. My first question is around the make revenue. The growth rates has been consistent around 17% past three quarters. Should we expect that to go back to the 20% plus that we had in the past given the positive developments around the products like BuildingConnect or ACC or Fusion 360?
Debbie Clifford: Our goal would be to drive greater growth from the make revenue line. That's going to be an important aspect of our ability to achieve our target 10% to 15% growth algorithm over time and it's an area where we've been making incremental investments. So, we anticipate that, that revenue growth rate is going to be higher than the core business.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, as that is all the time we have for Q&A today, I would now like to turn the call back to Simon Mays-Smith for close remarks. Sir?
Simon Mays-Smith: Thank you everyone for joining us. We look forward to seeing many of you on the road over the coming weeks and at our Q1 conference call later in the year. Thanks very much.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating and you may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q3  (2023-11-21 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to Autodesk's Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2024 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the call over to VP of Investor Relations, Simon Mays-Smith. Please go ahead.
Simon Mays-Smith: Thanks, operator, and good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the third quarter results of Autodesk's fiscal 2024. On the line with me are Andrew Anagnost, our CEO; and Debbie Clifford, our CFO. Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. Following this call, you can find the earnings press release, slide presentation and transcript of today's opening commentary on our Investor Relations website. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements about our outlook, future results and related assumptions, products and product capabilities, business models and strategies. These statements reflect our best judgment based on currently known factors. Actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Form 10-Q and the Form 8-K filed with today's press release for important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will quote several numeric or growth changes during this call as we discuss our financial performance. Unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. All non-GAAP numbers referenced in today's call are reconciled in our press release or Excel Financials and other supplemental materials are available on our Investor Relations website. And now, I will turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Simon, and welcome, everyone, to the call. Resilience, discipline and opportunity again underpinned Autodesk strong financial and competitive performance despite continued macroeconomic policy and geopolitical headwinds. Renewal rates have remained strong and new business trends have been largely consistent for many quarters. Our subscription business model and our product and customer diversification enable that. It means that accelerating growth in Canada has balanced decelerating growth in the United Kingdom. The growing momentum in construction has balanced deteriorating momentum in media and entertainment. And that strength from our enterprise and smaller customers has balanced softness from medium-sized customers. Our leading indicators remain consistent with last quarter with growing usage, record bid activity on building connected and cautious optimism from channel partners. Disciplined and focused execution and strategic deployment of capital through the economic cycle, enables Autodesk to realize the significant benefits of its strategy while mitigating the risk of having to make expensive catch-up investments later. As Steve said at Investor Day, we introduced a new transaction model for Flex, which gives Autodesk a more direct relationship with its customers and more closely integrates with its channel partners. We began testing the new transaction model across our product suite in Australia a couple of weeks ago. Assuming the launch proceeds is expected in fiscal '25 and '26, we intend to transition our indirect business to the new transaction model in all our major markets globally. In the new transaction model, partners provide a quote to customers, but the actual transaction happens directly between Autodesk and the customer. The new transaction model is an important step on our path to integrate more closely with our customers' workflows enabled by, among other things, Autodesk platform services and our industry cloud's fusion, forma and flow. Autodesk, its customers and partners will be able to build more valuable, data-driven and connected products and services in our industry cloud and on our platform. The new transaction model is consequential. Many of you will have seen other companies adopting agency models and will already understand the math. In the near term, the new transaction model results in a shift from contra revenue to operating costs that provide a tailwind to revenue growth, while being broadly neutral to operating profit and free cash flow dollars and mechanically result in percent operating margins taking a step or two backwards. Over the long term, optimization enabled by this transition will provide a tailwind to revenue, operating income and free cash flow dollars even after the cost of setting up our building platform. Finally, there is opportunity from developing next-generation technologies and services that deliver end-to-end digital transformation of our design and make customers and enable a better world designed and made for all. I was at Autodesk University last week, alongside more than 10,000 attendees, where we announced Autodesk AI, technology we've been working on and investing in for years. We showed how our design to make platform will automate noncreative work, help customers analyze their data and surface insights and augment their work to make them more agile and creative, but there is no AI without actionable data. And that's why we're also investing in Autodesk platform services, which are accessible, extensible and open via our APIs. Autodesk Platform Services offers several critical capabilities, but data services are the most impactful. These provide the tools that make data actionable. And at the core of our data services is the Autodesk data model. Think of the Autodesk data model is the knowledge graph that gives customers access to the design, make and project data in granular bite-sized chunks. The data chunks are the building blocks of new automation, analysis and augmentation that will enable our customers and partners to build more valuable, data-driven and connected products and services. Autodesk remains relentlessly curious propensity and desire to evolve and innovate. Time and again, well-executed transformation from desktop to cloud from perpetual license and maintenance to subscription has added new growth factors, built a more diverse and resilient business, forged broader trusted and more durable partnerships with more customers and given Autodesk a longer run rate of growth and free cash flow generation. With our transformation from file to data and outcomes from upfront to annual billings and from indirect to direct go-to-market motion, we are building an even brighter future with focus, purpose and optimism. Our customers are also committed to transformation and Autodesk is deploying automation to increase their success in an environment with ongoing headwinds from material scarcity, labor shortages and supply chain disruption. That commitment was reflected in Autodesk's largest-ever EBA signed during the quarter and record contributions from our construction and water verticals to our overall EBA performance. I will now turn the call over to Debbie to take you through our quarterly financial performance and guidance for the year. I'll then come back to update you on our strategic growth initiatives.
Debbie Clifford: Thanks, Andrew. Overall, market conditions and the underlying momentum of the business remained similar to the last few quarters. Our financial performance in the third quarter was strong, particularly from our EBA cohorts, where incremental true-up and upfront revenue from a handful of large customers drove upside. As expected, the co-termed deal we called out in our Q1 results renewed in the third quarter with a significant uplift in deal size. Total revenue grew 10% and 13% in constant currency. By product in constant currency, AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT revenue grew 7%, AEC revenue grew 20%, manufacturing revenue grew 9% and in double-digits, excluding variances and upfront revenue, and M&E revenue was down 4% and up high single-digits percent, excluding variances in upfront revenue. By region in constant currency, revenue grew 19% in the Americas, 11% in EMEA and 3% in APAC, which still reflects the impact of last year's COVID lockdown in China. Direct revenue increased 19% and represented 38% of total revenue, up 3 percentage points from last year, benefiting from strong growth in both EBAs and the eStore. Net revenue retention rate remained within the 100% to 110% range at constant exchange rates. The transition from upfront to annual billings for multiyear contracts is proceeding broadly as expected. We had the second full quarter impact in our third fiscal quarter, which resulted in billings declining 11%. Total deferred revenue increased 6% to $4 billion. Total RPO of $5.2 billion and current RPO of $3.5 billion both grew 12%. Excluding the tailwind from our largest ever EBA, total RPO growth decelerated modestly in Q3 as expected when compared to Q2, mostly due to the lower mix of multiyear contracts in fiscal 2024 when compared to fiscal 2023. Turning to the P&L. Non-GAAP gross margin remained broadly level at 93%. GAAP and non-GAAP operating margin increased driven by revenue growth and continued cost discipline. I'd also note that costs associated with Autodesk University have shifted from the third quarter last year to the fourth quarter this year due to the timing of the event. Free cash flow was $13 million in the third quarter, primarily limited by the transition from upfront to annual billings for multiyear contracts and the payment of federal taxes we discussed earlier this year. Turning to capital allocation. We continue to actively manage capital within our framework. Our strategy is underpinned by disciplined and focused capital deployment through the economic cycle. We remain vigilant during this period of macroeconomic uncertainty. As you heard from Andrew, we continue to invest organically and through acquisitions in our capabilities and services and the cloud and platform services that underpin them. We purchased approximately 500,000 shares for $112 million, at an average price of approximately $206 per share. We will continue to offset dilution from our stock-based compensation program to opportunistically accelerate repurchases when it makes sense to do so. Now, let me finish with guidance. The overall headline is that our end markets and competitive performance are at the better end of the range of possible outcomes we modeled at the beginning of the year. This means the business is generally trending towards the higher end of our expectations. Incrementally, FX and co-terming have been slightly more of a headwind to billings than we expected. EBA expansions have been slightly more of a tailwind to revenue and interest income has been slightly more of a tailwind to earnings per share and free cash flow. Against this backdrop, we are keeping our billings guidance constant, while raising our revenue, earnings per share, and free cash flow guidance. I'd like to summarize the key factors we've highlighted so far this year. The comments I've made in previous quarters regarding the fiscal 2024 EBA cohort, foreign exchange movements, and the impact of the switch from upfront annual billings for most multiyear customers are still applicable. We again saw some evidence of multiyear customers switching to annual contracts during the third quarter, as you'd expect, given the removal of the upfront discount. We're keeping an eye on it as we enter our significant fourth quarter. All else equal, if customers switch to annual contracts, it would proportionately reduce the unbilled portion of our total remaining performance obligations and negatively impact total RPO growth rates. Deferred revenue, billings, current remaining performance obligations, revenue, margins, and free cash flow would remain broadly unchanged. Annual renewals create more opportunities for us to drive adoption and upsell and are without the price lock embedded in multiyear contracts. Putting that all together, we now expect fiscal 2024 revenue to be between $5.45 billion and $5.47 billion. We expect non-GAAP operating margins to be similar to fiscal 2023 levels with constant currency margin improvement, offset by FX headwinds. We expect free cash flow to be between $1.2 billion and $1.26 billion to reflect higher revenue guidance we're increasing the guidance range for non-GAAP earnings per share to be between $7.43 and $7.49. Our billings guidance remains unchanged, given incremental foreign exchange headwinds and the potential for further EBA co-terming in the fourth quarter. The slide deck on our website has more details on modeling assumptions for Q4 and full year fiscal 2024. We continue to manage our business using a Rule of 40 framework with a goal of reaching 45% or more over time. We think this balance between compounding growth and strong free cash flow margins captured in the Rule of 40 framework is the hallmark of the most valuable companies in the world, and we intend to remain one of them. As we've been saying all year, the path to 45% will not be linear. We've talked about all of the factors behind that over the last three quarters, and I think it's useful to put them all in one place here, particularly as we look into fiscal 2025 and 2026. First, the macroeconomic drag on new subscriber growth, a smaller EBA renewal cohort with less upfront revenue mix, and the absence of EBA true-up payments are headwinds to revenue growth in fiscal 2025. Slightly offsetting that, we expect our new transaction model, which Andrew discussed earlier, to be a tailwind to revenue growth in fiscal 2025 and beyond. Assuming no material change in the macroeconomic, geopolitical or policy environment, we'd expect fiscal 2025 revenue growth to be about 9% or more. In other words, at least around the same or more growth as we are now expecting in fiscal 2024. And second, the transition to annual billings means that about $200 million of free cash flow in Q1 fiscal 2024 that came from multiyear contracts built upfront will not recur in fiscal 2025. This will reduce reported free cash flow growth in fiscal 2025. And make underlying comparisons between the two years harder. If you adjust fiscal 2024 free cash flow down by $200 million to make it more comparable with fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2026 on an underlying basis, the stacking of multiyear contracts build annually will mechanically generate significant free cash flow growth in fiscal 2025 and fiscal 2026. The progression from the adjusted fiscal 2024 free cash flow base, will be a bit more linear, although fiscal 2026 free cash flow growth is expected to be faster than fiscal 2025 as our largest renewal cohort converts to annual billings in that year. As you build your fiscal 2025 quarterly and full year estimates, please pay attention to what we've said each quarter during fiscal 2024. As Andrew said, our new transaction model will likely provide a tailwind to revenue growth be broadly neutral to operating profit and free cash flow dollars and be a headwind to operating margin percent. The magnitude of each will be dependent on the speed of deployment. Excluding any impact from the new transaction model, we are planning for operating margin improvement in fiscal 2025. Overall, we expect first half, second half free cash flow linearity in fiscal 2025 to be more normal than in fiscal 2024. And we still anticipate fiscal 2024 will be the free cash flow trough during our transition from upfront to annual billings for multiyear contracts. Per usual, we'll give fiscal 2025 guidance when we report fiscal 2024 results, so I don't intend to parse these comments before them. As I said at our Investor Day last March, the new normal is that there is no normal. Macroeconomic uncertainty is being compounded by geopolitical, policy, health and climate uncertainty. I'm thinking here of generational movements in monetary policy, fiscal policy, inflation, exchange rates, politics, geopolitical tension, supply chains, extreme weather events and, of course, the pandemic. These increased the number of factors outside of our control and the range of possible outcomes, which makes the operating environment harder to navigate both for Autodesk and its customers. In this context, the mechanical rebuilding of our free cash flow as we transition to annual billings for multiyear contracts, gives Autodesk an enviable source of visibility and certainty. I hope this gives you a better understanding of why we've consistently said that the path to 45% will not be linear. But let me also reiterate this. We're managing the business to this metric and feel it strikes the right balance between driving top line growth and delivering disciplined profit and cash flow growth. We intend to make meaningful steps over time toward achieving our 45% or more goal, regardless of the macroeconomic backdrop. Andrew, back to you.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Debbie Let me finish by updating you on our progress in the third quarter. We continue to see good momentum in AEC, particularly in transportation, water infrastructure and construction. Fueled by customers consolidating on our solutions to connect and optimize previously siloed workflows to the cloud. Market conditions remain similar to previous quarters. In Q3, WSP, one of the world's leading professional services firms closed its sixth EBA with Autodesk, a testament to our strong and enduring partnership. Leveraging the breadth of our portfolio, WSP has delivered the comprehensive range of services demanded by its clients, generate millions of dollars in pipeline across the AEC and manufacturing industries, secured bridge and groundwork contracts through automation capabilities, reduce costs through increased efficiency and most importantly, delivered impactful results for its customers. TCE, a global engineering and consulting firm, which supports all types of infrastructure is harnessing Autodesk solutions to bolster its sustainable development goals around clean water and sanitation. Industry innovation, infrastructure and responsible consumption and production, utilizing Autodesk's BIM Collaborate Pro, TCE plans to improve team collaboration through easier data exchange, fewer classes and more effective designer years. Autodesk solutions are empowering TCE to manage, coordinate and execute projects more efficiently, thus contributing to a better quality of life through improved infrastructure. We are seeing growing customer interest in our complete end-to-end construction solutions, which encompass design, preconstruction and field execution through handover and into operations. Encouragingly, Autodesk Construction Cloud MAUs were again up well over 100% in the quarter. In Q3, LFD, Inc., an ENR top 200 general contractor based in Ohio, selected Autodesk Construction Cloud over directly competitive offerings as its end-to-end construction platform. With our preconstruction and cost capabilities of standout differentiator, it ultimately chose Autodesk based on our level of partnership, our aligned vision and commitment to serve the evolving needs of the construction industry and the momentum our solution has demonstrated in the marketplace. Again, these stories have a common theme: managing people, processes and data across the project lifecycle to increase efficiency and sustainability while decreasing risk. Over time, we expect the majority of all projects to be managed this way, and we remain focused on enabling that transition through our industry clouds. Moving on to manufacturing. We made excellent progress on our strategic initiatives. Customers continue to invest in their digital transformations and to consolidate on our design and make platform to grow their business and make it more resilient. For example, a global industrial company based in the U.S. is partnering with Autodesk to innovate more rapidly in its business. The customer had already standardized on Autodesk's up chain to streamline its data and process manager within their molding technology solutions and modernize its CAM process by adopting Fusion to significantly reduce programming time and eliminate risks from legacy software. During Q3, it renewed its EBA with Autodesk and plans to broaden its use of up chain, vault infusion. It is exploring Fusion's ability to enhance process management and its digital threat initiatives, which focus on product life cycle management, closed-loop quality, sustainability design, service life cycle management and supplier insight. Fusion continues to provide an easy on-ramp into our cloud ecosystem for existing and new customers. For example, a leading manufacturer for the agriculture industry is migrating from network licenses to named users and complementing those subscriptions with Flex tokens to maximize value and access for occasional users. As it digitizes its factories and create digital twins for its global facilities, it will use Flex to explore Autodesk's most advanced technology for Fusion, for CAM tool path automation and generative design. Flex provides the customer with the flexibility to scale its usage based on its needs, making sure its users have access to the right products at the right time. Fusion continues to grow strongly, ending the quarter with 241,000 subscribers as more customers connect more workflows in the cloud to drive efficiency, sustainability and resilience. In automotive, we continue to grow our footprint beyond the design studio into manufacturing and connected factories. In Q3, a leading automotive manufacturer renewed and expanded its EBA by more than 50%. In addition to its existing usage of alias for concept design modeling and design evaluation, the customer is replacing an internal tool with Red for lighting simulation. In the future, it will implement flow production tracking to improve and accelerate project communication and collaboration across departments and expand its use of Autodesk's integrated factory modeling to optimize factory layouts and enhance operational performance. In education, we are preparing future engineers to drive innovation through next-generation design, analysis and manufacturing solutions. For example, our partnership with PanState is making a positive impact in design classes and car CMC activities across the PanState, Barron's, Burks, Terresburg and University Park campuses. PSU Harrisburg has recently adopted Fusion in its core design class and plans to integrate it into its mechanical engineering curriculum. Fusion's accessible platform allows students to seamlessly transition from car to CAE and CAM enabling them to make a different outside the classroom and in industrial applications. They have already collaborated with NASA on a generative design project for spaceflight applications, inspiring numerous projects at NASA. And finally, we continue with our customers to ensure they are using the latest and most secure versions of our software. A publicly traded construction company in Japan thought to streamline software management processes and minimize compliance risks by leveraging single sign-on FFO and directly sync features available in our premium plan. Through a collaborative analysis of the client software usage logs, we identify instances of noncompliant usage and recommended an appropriate number of subscriptions based on usage frequency and actual requirements. This proactive approach ensures that the client has the necessary access to meet their needs while maintaining compliance. We've been laying the foundation to build enterprise-level AI for years with connected data, teams and workflows in industry cloud, real-time and immersive experiences, shared extensible and trusted platform services and innovative business models and trusted partnerships. Autodesk remains relentlessly curious with the propensity and desire to evolve and innovate. We are building the future with focus, purpose and optimism. Operator, we would now like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Saket Kalia of Barclays.
Saket Kalia: Okay. Great. Hi guys, thanks for taking my questions here. How are you?
Andrew Anagnost: Great, Saket.
Saket Kalia: Andrew, maybe for you. Lots of talk about here, right, particularly with the new transaction model. Maybe the right first question here would be. Why is this new model, I guess, as consequential as you said in your prepared remarks. Any color there you can add?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, absolutely. Let me start Saket by saying First, the business is super resilient where we're built through resilience, and this is really showing up in these results this round as well. And that's going to continue into the future. When we talk about this new transaction model, I think it's important to back up and talking about what we're trying to do with our customers and the journey we've been on. We are trying to do no less than move all of our customers to cloud-based life cycle solutions powered by AI that connect their design and make processes in a way that they've never had connected before. Now to do that, you absolutely cannot use 40-year-old systems and business models. So we've been on this relentless journey to modernize the company. We started moving from developing cloud-based products to subscription models, to annualized billings. I mean you've seen journey after journey here to modernize the company. This is the next step and one of the most important steps in modernizing the company so that we have the kind of relationship with our customers that actually matches the kind of technology we're delivering to them. So through this, we're not only going to have direct engagement with our customers through the products they use in the cloud, we're going to have direct engagements with them as a customer as an account. We're going to understand them at the account level and as an entity, not just as a collection of transactions passed through several tiers. And that's really important. Because that will not only give us more information about our customers, it will help us give more information to our partners about our customers and understand them significantly better. And it will wrap up the whole solution and business model and capabilities in one package. The other really consequential thing here is our partner network has to move transaction-focused partners to solution-focused partners. They are going to be incredibly important on the front lines in helping our customers deploy and integrate new design to make solutions in the cloud. And this is going to be part of that transition for them. So yes, it is very consequential. And it's part and parcel of a long stream of modernizations we've been working on for a while, and I do think it's very significant.
Saket Kalia: Got it. No, absolutely. It sounds very strategic. Debbie, maybe for my follow-up for you. I know you said you wouldn't parse out your comments on fiscal 2025. But -- could we maybe parse out those comments for fiscal '25 just a bit kind of given some of the moving parts sort to ask, but...
Debbie Clifford: There are indeed a lot of moving parts, Saket. So thanks for the question. I know that's the question that everyone wants to ask. I'm not going to parse all the details, but I'll just highlight some of the things that we called out in the opening commentary. Those things are the non-recurrence of EBA upfront and true-up revenue, FX and the macro drag on new subscriber growth, these are all things that are headwinds to revenue growth next year. We also talked about the impact depending on the timing of this move to a new transaction model. That's going to be a tailwind to revenue. It will be margin and cash flow dollar neutral and is a headwind to margin percent. We'll give you all the details on this in February for the usual. But remember, what we're really trying to do is set ourselves up for success over the long term.
Saket Kalia: Makes a lot of sense. Thanks, guys. I’ll get back in queue.
Operator: Thank you. Please standby for our next question. Our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. So on fiscal 2025, following up on Saket's question, at the analyst meeting earlier this year, Debbie, you showed a chart depicting sustainable double-digit growth for Autodesk of 10% to 15%. And based on a combination of various price and volume components, are you still adhering to that plethora of price and volume sources of growth? Or have you changed your thinking in terms of the magnitude or mix of those sources of growth over time?
Debbie Clifford: We are still targeting those sources of growth, Jay, as well as targeting the growth parameters of 10 to 15 points of revenue growth. Really, what we're dealing with is this uncertain environment. And based on what we know today and assuming that market conditions are similar to what we've seen over the last several quarters, we do see revenue growth next year of about 9% or more. And what's driving that is really all those puts and takes that I talked about in the opening commentary. It's really important to remember that what we're trying to do is set ourselves up for success over the long-term.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Andrew, for you, following up on AU last week. There were a number of quite interesting and useful sessions on our roadmaps and product plans, particularly on AUC and more broadly with regard to the data model. So, let me ask you an unavoidably complex question about that. So, when you -- so when you think about the role of what you call granular data, does that ultimately affect as you implement that the packaging or composition or consumption of the software? And you also gave quite detailed description of where you're going with ACC and Bill and AC generally. But there's no timeline in any of those presentations. So, how are you thinking about the GA of much of what you talked about last week at AU in terms of making commercial a very large set of new technology features, particularly for AC?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Okay. So, let me tackle that with the first thing around the granular data. So, ultimately, as you journey down this path, what does happen is the way the product operates all the products Forma in particular in terms of how it interacts with Revit and ultimately how those two blend together, they do become an environment that looks very much like the fusion environment. And that environment is very different, as you know, than what it currently exists in most of the wide -- the mainstream usage of our AC products. So, yes, granular data ultimately leads to a different way that people consume and use the products in a different paradigm for which they actually engage with the product every day. So. that's clear, okay? Timeline, I don't know exactly which presentation you're in. I suspect given your questions, you are in the more longer term timeline presentation. So, a lot of stuff you saw there was over a two to five-year time frame, but a lot of that is going to show up in the two to three-year timeframe associated with some of the things you heard. Now, I think it's kind of obvious to tell which ones we're towards the earlier part of that spectrum rather to the later part of that spectrum. Turning some of these solutions over into infrastructure solutions and combining them with some of our infrastructure stuff. Probably towards the later end, getting the data more granular, uniting detailed design and conceptual design in Forma, probably much more closer. That kind of expectation you can have with those road maps.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Great, great. Thank you both.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Adam Borg of Stifel.
Adam Borg: Awesome. Thanks so much for taking the question. Maybe for Debbie, just on the multiyear to annual billings transition. Maybe just if you could just remind us kind of where we are overall in the process relative to expectations. And I do know that there are still some smaller cohorts that have yet to transition and just curious kind of where we are for those and if that's going to take place next year? Or is that still kind of in process?
Debbie Clifford: Sure. Thanks. The rollout is going well. We're a couple of quarters in the systems are working. Customers and partners are behaving pretty much as we expected. So overall, the performance is in line with our expectations. I think the key thing is, remember, we're kind of at the beginning of this journey. This is going to be a three-year journey. So we're going to have a mechanical rebuild of free cash flow as we get into next year, fiscal 2025 and also in fiscal 2026. So some of the comments that I made on the call are important, and that is helping you think about how to normalize our fiscal 2024 cash flow headed into fiscal 2025. So we're moving that $200 million at the beginning of fiscal 2024 as we head into fiscal 2025. And then broadly, the fact that we'll have bigger cohorts coming up for renewal in fiscal 2026, which drives faster growth in free cash flow in that period. So overall, things are going well, and we're at this interesting point where we expect to see mechanical rebuilding of free cash flow from here.
Adam Borg: Got it. And maybe just a quick question. Interesting AI announcements with Autodesk AI, back at AU last week. Any commentary on how to think about any price uplift from those solutions? Thanks again.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So I'll take that one, Adam. Look, some of these features are already and will be delivered through our existing products. However, there are new models will be exploring with some of these capabilities. Obviously, it's a little too early to talk about actual monetization. But I do think some of the things you're seeing with Microsoft right now are quite interesting where highly evolved large models, which we have not yet deployed out in the market are offered up to individual customers as a here's your model. Now you train it, you custom train it and extend it with your data. Those kind of models are going to be very interesting in the future and really look like possibilities that we'll probably explore and look at. As we move forward. But for now, a lot of this functionality is going to end up integrated with the existing products as it has been for the last several years.
Adam Borg: Great. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe Vruwink of Baird.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Hi, everyone. Maybe just a follow-up on that last question. Andrew, like you said, AI and automation is not new at Autodesk. But I did think the messaging was maybe a little more exact and pointed just as it pertains to the cloud data strategy and how that really is the gateway to future AI capabilities that Autodesk how customers need to be thinking about this. So my question is just curious to hear any feedback from customers on this approach. And maybe levels of resistance or buy in, you've started to hear just pertaining the customers kind of pooling their data and Autodesk ends up being the aggregator of industry information?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So look, we have a very strong point of view on ethical and high trust use of data, and we intend to continue to pursue that with our customers and take a broad and strong stance around look, it's your data. We're going to work with you to use it appropriately for things that make the whole ecosystem better. We're going to do it in a way that's trusted. And we're also going to work with you in a way that allows you to preserve the IP that you think is important to you that does not become part of the entire ecosystem. So this is a conversation I have with many, many customers most obviously recognize the trade-off between massive amounts of productivity in terms of automating model creation and some of the benefits there. So they want to participate in ways that actually make sense for them and that maintain the trust and integrity that we're looking to do. So look for us to handle this in exactly that matter as we move forward.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. Great. And then I'm going to take my best shot at FY 2025 question as well. But I think maybe 2 points of clarification or additional information. So Debbie, just on kind of the known headwind to free cash flow next year because of the long-term deferreds that happened to hit in this year. Can you reconcile that with the normal seasonality comment. Should we be removing that and then thinking about modeling normal seasonality, part A? Part B, you've talked about currency a lot is having impacts on some of these numbers. And I would imagine just given what's on the balance sheet, you probably have a good sense of what currency will be next year. How does currency factor into that 9% plus revenue growth rate you provided?
Debbie Clifford: Sure. Thanks, Joe. So on the first question, I think you're thinking about it in a reasonable way. So take out the $200 million and then it should have a more reasonable that will give you more reasonable modeling expectations as you think about modeling fiscal 2025 and beyond. And then on currency, is it's really been all over the place. I think everybody has been seeing that. What we see right now is that it would be a headwind for us as we head into next year. But given the volatility, I think it really could go either way. But based on what we're seeing right now, it is a headwind to revenue growth next year.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tyler Radke of Citi. Please go ahead, Tyler.
Tyler Radke: Okay. Great. Thanks for taking the question here. Andrew, you talked about some record contribution from the construction side of the business, I think, broadly, but also within the EBAs. Could you elaborate within Autodesk Construction Cloud. What are the strongest areas you're seeing customers about?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. No. What's interesting is. We're not seeing the softness in construction that others may have highlighted. In fact, we have incredibly strong performance at the top end of our business. We saw strong growth internationally. And we're seeing growth in the U.S. And a lot of things are going on in the construction business right now. And whereas you see some sectors slowing down retail warehouse office things like that. You're seeing other things offsetting it. Again, the dynamicism of Autodesk business, manufacturing, industrial, lots of factory construction going on data centers, health care, , infrastructure, all of these things are picking up. So we've got a lot of dynamics that are playing well with regards to our construction business right now. When we look at the business, we look at the indicators that we have, bid board activity was at record highs again. So we saw a good strong bid activity there. While construction backlog may have declined a bit, it's still high, all right? And the number one thing that I heard from general contractors at Autodesk University was still can't hire enough. So they're still going to be working through that backlog at a relatively slow pace. Also, what's really interesting is we're seeing ourselves in more deals down market now more competitive deals, and frankly, we're winning some of them. And I think that's interesting. I think that probably results in slowing down deals for some of our competitors in various markets. But we're actually seeing a lot more interesting deal activity.
Tyler Radke: That's helpful. And a follow-up for Debbie. I appreciate you getting a lot of questions on FY 2025. And I'm not going to ask you to dissect it further. But if I think about just trying to bridge the 9%, which seems like it does have some tailwinds from the transactional changes relative to that 10% to 15% framework that you gave, it doesn't seem like macro has worsened relative to a few quarters ago or a year ago when you gave that out based on your commentary. Just help us understand that bridge. Is it mostly conservatism or maybe currency or some of the other headwinds are larger than we're thinking about? Thank you.
Debbie Clifford: Yes. Sure. So remember, you got to be thinking about the non-recurrence of the EBA upfront and true-up revenue that we've been talking about all year. FX, as I just mentioned, could be a factor right now, we're assuming that it is a headwind to revenue growth. And then finally, we have been talking about the macro drag on new subscriber growth all year. And remember, given the ratable revenue recognition model that we have, what we're seeing with new subscriber growth this year has more of an implication for revenue growth next year than for revenue today. So those three factors are the biggest factors driving our estimate of 9% or more as we head into next year.
Tyler Radke: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Celino of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jason Celino: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Maybe one on the EBAs. So in Q3, did you see any of these renewals maybe happen earlier than expected? Overall, it sounds like you're still seeing some timing true-ups, but also some pretty big expansions. Is the overarching takeaway that the cohort is expanding maybe better than what you had anticipated?
Debbie Clifford: Thanks, Jason. So the EBA cohort has been performing really well all year, which has been great. Remember, this is a cohort that last renewed in late 2020. That was at the height of the pandemic. And back then, they made more conservative assumptions about usage because of the uncertain environment at that time. Fast forward to today, these customers are continuing to manage through a high demand for projects. That's led to higher overall usage on their contracts. And as we've mentioned before, we do monitor the usage. So we've had insight into the potential EBA upside as the year has progressed. We've continued to update our outlook, which is each quarter of the renewals and the true-ups. And as we look at Q4. We've got our eye on the remainder of this large EBA cohort and the signs continue to be strong. We factored all of this into our latest estimates, and that's what drove the top line upgrade that we communicated today.
Jason Celino: Okay. Great. And then I asked this question last quarter, but it sounds like a few of your competitors might be starting to see some of the water infrastructure funding start to flow plan intended this time. Are you seeing this, too? And then is this the strength that you're already seeing? Or could this be an additional opportunity for maybe next year?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Jason, one of the things that you may have heard is that some of that money from the infrastructure bill that was targeting modernization of departments of transportation was really, it's about $34 million that's significant in that not only it starts these DOTs on their process of modernization and evaluating the modernization, but it also was directed at several DOTs that we have relationships with and where we've actually displaced competitors and engaged with the infrastructure. So that's pretty exciting stuff. That shows money starting to flow to the projects. As I've always said, it takes time to release this money from the flood gates of Washington into the places floodgate of Washington, that's kind of an oxymoronic comment. But it takes time to get there. And that -- these -- this money is going to kind of again, build up momentum for the rest of the projects and help us move forward. So I would say it continues to be an emerging opportunity. Projects are getting started, but there's more hope in the future for even more projects.
Jason Celino: Okay, Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Funk of Bank of America.
Michael Funk: Yes. Thanks for the questions. Two, if I could. So first for you, Andrew. A number of changes with partner relationships from last year, you mentioned the new transaction model I think earlier you also changed the commission structure to more back end versus front-end loaded. So curious what kind of reaction you're hearing from your partners and how you expect these changes to impact that relationship?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So obviously, we invest a lot in bringing our partners along on this. It doesn't mean all partners are going to be happy with these changes. Okay? It's just that is not an outcome that we're looking for or is likely. But many partners are going to be happy with these changes because we've been very clear about what the path is to growth for them. Beyond that, we've taken a really kind of incremental approach to these things with our partners. We kind of led them along, showed them the way. You might recall, we started the new transaction model with Flex, close to about 1.5 years ago in Australia, then we rolled it out to the broad-based partner network and everybody got experience with it. Now we're testing in Australia. Again, we take our partners along on these journeys in very deliberate ways. And frankly, the credibility we have with our partners in terms of making their businesses more consequential and significant and, frankly, larger over time has really created an environment where there's a lot of trust. And there's a lot of discussion about what's the best way to do this. What this means for them and where it's going to take their business. And this will make the partners ultimately more consequential in some of the business discussions with their partners with their customers by bringing them closer to the design and make infrastructure work that needs to happen in the services and support that.
Michael Funk: Thank you for that, Andrew. And one for you, Debbie, will see a check on the accounting of the math. You mentioned EBA revenue, non-recurrence in fiscal 2025 a few times. So, two pieces. First, accounting. I thought that the true-ups with upsizing in EBA, I thought that was recognized ratably over the term of the contract. Just trying to think how that might carry over an impact 2025, I'm correcting that accounting? And then second, if you can just remind us on the actual benefit to fiscal year 2024 from those items so we can pull that out of the fiscal year 2025 number?
Debbie Clifford: Sure. So, from an accounting standpoint, the true-ups we recognize upfront. So, think of it as an enterprise customer signs up for X number of tokens. And when they exceed X number of tokens, we build them for the differential and we recognize that revenue upfront and it doesn't recur in future periods, unless over the next three-year contract term, they utilized more than the tokens allotted in their contract again. So, that's why it's something that is sort of a one-off -- a good one off, but a one-off nonetheless, that could only recur three years from now for these contracts if we found ourselves in the same situation. And then in terms of sizing the benefit to fiscal 2024, we haven't gotten into exact numbers, but you can think about the overall guidance upgrade that we talked about today is largely being driven by the strength that we're seeing from the enterprise business this year.
Michael Funk: Great. Thank you both.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Hedberg of RBC.
Matt Hedberg: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. I guess for either of you, maybe thinking longer term, I'm curious if you could help us with maybe the -- this move from contra revenue. What is the impact to sort of like pro forma revenue growth once the business has migrated more so to the Flex model?
Debbie Clifford: Matt, it's going to be -- revenue growth will accelerate. And the pace at which it accelerates is going to be determined based on how we go about the rollout. But as we mentioned, we're working on that now. We launched Flex last year. We just launched Australia. We're learning from Australia -- as we -- right now. And then as we look ahead to next year, we intend to go global with this, but we need to make sure that we are set up for success, which is why we're watching Australia closely. But when we execute finally, on all aspects of this transition, it will be an accelerator to revenue growth.
Matt Hedberg: Got it. Thank you. And then I know last quarter, you saw some pretty good non-compliant conversions I don't think you mentioned the other side - recall you're talking about that. Was there any this quarter that you called out?
Debbie Clifford: We continue to perform well with our non-compliant conversions. So, I think you've heard us talk about a couple of things. I think historically, we have talked about some of the larger deals that we've closed, and those types of deals are still happening. But as I recall, on last quarter's earnings call, Andrew was talking about some of the stuff that we've been doing in product that's driving more conversion. That's on a smaller scale in terms of deal sizes, but is driving significant volume for Autodesk. So, over time, you're going to see us continue to flex different means of driving more compliance from non-compliant users, and it continues to be a steady drumbeat contributor to our revenue growth over time.
Matt Hedberg: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bhavin Shah of Deutsche Bank. Please go ahead, Bhavin
Bhavin Shah: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Just kind of following up on that last one on the new transaction model. Like what kind of learnings are you looking to see from Australia before kind of rolling the app more broadly and kind of any disruption kind of that we should think about from a pointer perspective?
Andrew Anagnost: Well, one of the things that we're trying to make sure that we see is how do the partners line up their deals so that they're able to enter them into the system and make sure they get their pipeline lined up with the new way of doing things because they're going after directly enter them into the system. Some of these services used to be taken over by distributors for some of our partners. We're going to make sure that -- we want to make sure that large volumes work well with the systems. We're pretty confident at this point because of the Flex experience, but we know we want to stress test these things. We want to make sure that it works for all the product offerings that there's no issues or hiccups with particular things that when people try to true up renewal dates or line them up, there's not issues with those things. It's all the things that go into the mechanics of a partner entering the deal, all right, and having those things actually function. We just want to make sure it all works. Again, we have a lot of confidence because of the Flex work, but those are the things we're going to be testing for in the Australia pilot.
Bhavin Shah: That's helpful there. And just kind of following up on Fusion 360. I know you guys are making some pricing adjustments going into next year, kind of raising the list price on Fusion 360, but kind of rationalizing and lowering the price on the extensions. What's the kind of the rationale behind this? Is this to drive kind of further extension adoption down the road? And kind of how does this inform your views on as you think about rolling this out to the form and the like?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So Bob, what we're doing there is the price increase in Fusion is directly connected to the value we're delivering Fusion we're making sure some of the customers who have been with us for a long time are treated appropriately and fairly. So we're paying attention to all those things to customer dynamics. But what we saw is that the value in base Fusion has just increased to high level that we should be looking at the price more carefully. The value is going to continue to increase. And what we saw is that some of the extensions would probably see better adoption in some of the base -- the value was shifted to the base offering and the price of the extensions were contracted a little bit. So it's all this kind of balancing the overall cost of ownership for particular types of customers. And it's an appropriate time to do it.
Bhavin Shah: Very helpful. Thanks for taking the question. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa of JPMorgan. Your question please, Steve,
Steve Tusa: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Just on the subscriber growth, are we talking like -- you mentioned the macro impact several times. What are we kind of talking about what kind of rate this year? Is that like in the low to mid-single-digit range? And then what would it take for that to go flat? What type of macro do you think it would take to go flat? And then secondarily, just on the free cash flow side, I think at the Investor Day, you had put a chart in there that insinuated that cash would still grow from 2023 through the number in 2026. Are we still on track for that kind of longer-term view just to level set us on the longer-term cash outlook?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So Steve, let me take the first question a little bit. I won't answer the specific question. What I want to say is our business is incredibly resilient. You have to really pay attention to that, we're built for resilience. And I want to highlight some of the differences in puts and takes here. For instance, you probably noticed that AEC grew 20% in the quarter. And that offset some of the headwinds from media and entertainment due to wider strikes and after strikes. Regionally, India and Canada offset the U.S. and the U.K. Market segment-wise, EBAs and small businesses offset the mid-market. You have to think of the business through this built for resilient framework. And so I want to shift your lens a little bit, and then I'll let Debbie comment on the second part of your question.
Debbie Clifford: Yes, I would say, look, outside of the new transaction model, nothing has changed, and we're on track to achieving our goals. But this is a pretty big decision for us to transform our go-to-market. But I think is really beneficial to the company. It's going to drive greater free cash flow and greater revenue growth over the long term. I'm not going to parse comments about fiscal 2026 in addition to fiscal 2025 on this call. What we're really trying to do is set ourselves up for success over the long term and make smart decisions for the business and for our shareholders.
Steve Tusa: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. That is all the time we have for Q&A today. I would now like to turn the conference back to Simon Mays-Smith for closing remarks.
Simon Mays-Smith: Thanks, everyone, for joining us. Wishing those who celebrate a happy Thanksgiving and looking forward to catching up with you on the road over the coming weeks and at next quarter's earnings. Thanks so much, Latif. Handing back to you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q2  (2023-08-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to Autodesk's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. [Operator Instruction] I would now like to hand the call over to Simon Mays-Smith, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Simon Mays-Smith: Thanks, operator, and good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the second quarter results of Autodesk's fiscal '24. On the line with me are Andrew Anagnost, our CEO; and Debbie Clifford, our CFO. Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. You can find the earnings press release, slide presentation and transcript of today's opening commentary on our Investor Relations website following this call. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements about our outlook, future results and related assumptions, products and product capabilities, business models and strategies. These statements reflect our best judgment based on currently known factors. Actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Form 10-Q and the Form 8-K filed with today's press release for important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. During the call, we will quote several numeric or growth changes as we discuss our financial performance. Unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. All non-GAAP numbers referenced in today's call are reconciled in our press release, or Excel financials and other supplemental materials available on our Investor Relations website. And now I will turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Simon, and welcome, everyone, to the call. Resilience, discipline and opportunity again underpinned Autodesk's strong financial and competitive performance despite continued macroeconomic policy and geopolitical headwinds. Resilience provided by our subscription business model and our product and customer diversification discipline and focus in executing our strategy and deploying capital through the economic cycle and opportunity from developing next-generation technology and services which deliver end-to-end digital transformation of our Design and Make customers and enable a better world designed and built for all. Our leading indicators remained consistent with last quarter with growing usage and record bid activity on BuildingConnected and cautious optimism from channel partners. Customers remain committed to transformation and to Autodesk leveraging automation more where they are seeing headwinds from the economy, labor shortages and supply chains. That commitment was reflected in our Q2 performance, growing adoption and token consumption within Enterprise Business Agreement and strong renewal rates. Autodesk remains relentlessly curious with a propensity and desire to evolve and innovate. We were delighted that Autodesk was recently highlighted as a Best Workplace for Innovators by Fast Company. I will now turn the call over to Debbie to take you through our quarterly financial performance and guidance for the year. I'll then come back to provide an update on our strategic growth initiatives.
Debbie Clifford: Thanks, Andrew. Overall market conditions and the underlying momentum of the business remained similar to the last few quarters. Despite a tough macroeconomic backdrop that continues to drag on the overall rate of new subscriber acquisition and the forward momentum of the business and may continue to do so. Our financial performance in the second quarter was strong. We said last quarter that we had a strong cohort of EBAs renewing in the second half of the year that last renewed three years ago at the start of the pandemic and that subsequent adoption and usage has been strong. Some of that strength came through in the second quarter, which was earlier than we were expecting and which boosted billings, free cash flow and subscription revenue. Total revenue grew 9% and 12% in constant currency. By products in constant currency, AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT revenue grew 9%, AEC revenue grew 14%, Manufacturing revenue grew 9% and in double digits, excluding a headwind from variances in upfront revenue, and M&E revenue grew 10%. By region in constant currency, revenue grew 15% in the Americas, 11% in EMEA and 6% in APAC. Direct revenue increased 18% and represented 37% of total revenue, up 3 percentage points from last year, benefiting from strong growth in both EBAs and the eStore. Net revenue retention rate remained within the 100% to 110% range at constant exchange rates. The transition from upfront to annual billings for multiyear contracts is proceeding broadly as expected. We had a full quarter impact in the second quarter, which resulted in billings declining 8%. Total deferred revenue increased 14% to $4.2 billion. Total RPO of $5.2 billion and current RPO of $3.5 billion grew 11% and 12%, respectively. Turning to the P&L. Non-GAAP gross margin remained broadly level at 92%. GAAP and non-GAAP operating margin remained broadly level with revenue growth and cost discipline, offsetting the impact of exchange rate movements. Free cash flow was $128 million in the second quarter, which was a bit better than we've been expecting, primarily due to the timing of EBAs, but also due to some favorable in-quarter linearity. Turning to capital allocation. We continue to actively manage capital within our framework. Our strategy is underpinned by disciplined and focused capital deployment through the economic cycle. We are being vigilant during this period of macroeconomic uncertainty. During Q2, we purchased approximately 400,000 shares for $87 million at an average price of approximately $200 per share. We will continue to offset dilution from our stock-based compensation program and to opportunistically accelerate repurchases when it makes sense to do so. Now let me finish with guidance. The headline is that overall, the underlying momentum in the business remains consistent with the expectations embedded in our guidance range for the full year. Our sustained momentum in the second quarter and early expansion of some EBAs expected to renew later in the year, reduce the likelihood of our more cautious forecast scenarios given that, we're raising the lower end of our guidance ranges. Let me summarize some key factors we highlighted earlier in the year. First, we have a strong cohort of EBAs renewing in the second half of the year, although, as I mentioned earlier, some of that benefit was billed in the second quarter. Second, foreign exchange movements will be a headwind to revenue growth and margins in fiscal '24. The revenue headwind will moderate a bit in the second half of the year. Third, Switching from upfront to annual billings for most multiyear customers creates a significant headwind to free cash flow in fiscal '24 and a smaller headwind in fiscal '25. Our expectations for the billings transition are unchanged. Fourth, as we thought might happen, we saw some evidence of multiyear customers switching to annual contracts during the second quarter. It wasn't big enough to be called a trend, but we're keeping an eye on it. It's still early days, and we'll keep you updated as the year progresses. All else equal, if customers switch to annual contracts, it would proportionately reduce the unbilled portion of our total remaining performance obligations and negatively impact total RPO growth rates. Deferred revenue, billings, current remaining performance obligations, revenue, margins and free cash flow would remain broadly unchanged. Annual renewals create more opportunities for us to drive adoption and upsell and are without the price lock embedded in multiyear contracts. And fifth, we expect our cash tax rate will return to a more normalized level of approximately 31% of GAAP profit before tax in fiscal '24, up from 25% in fiscal '23. We the federal tax payment extension after the winter storms in California means cash tax payments shift from the first half of the year to the third quarter, reducing third quarter free cash flow. Second half free cash flow generation will, therefore, be significantly weighted to the fourth quarter. We still anticipate fiscal '24 will be the cash flow trough during our transition from upfront to annual billings for multiyear contracts. Putting that all together, we now expect fiscal '24 revenue to be between $5.41 billion and $5.46 billion. We expect non-GAAP operating margins to be similar to fiscal '23 levels with constant currency margin improvement, offset by FX headwinds. We expect free cash flow to be between $1.17 billion and $1.25 billion. We're increasing the guidance range for non-GAAP earnings per share to be between $7.30 and $7.49 to reflect higher interest income on our cash balances in addition to the reduced likelihood of our more cautious forecast scenarios. The slide deck on our website has more details on modeling assumptions for Q3 and full year fiscal '24. We continue to manage our business using a rule of 40 framework with a goal of reaching 45% or more over time. We think this balance between compounding growth and strong free cash flow margins captured in the rule of 40 framework is the hallmark of the most valuable companies in the world, and we intend to remain one of them. As we said back in February, the path to 45% will not be linear, given the macroeconomic drag on revenue growth from the rate of new subscriptions growth and the drag to free cash flow as we transition away from multiyear contracts paid upfront. But let me be clear, we're managing the business to this metric and feel it strikes the right balance between driving top line growth and delivering disciplined profit and cash flow growth. We intend to make meaningful steps over time toward achieving our 45% or more goal regardless of the macroeconomic backdrop. Andrew, back to you.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Debbie. Let me finish by updating you on our progress in the second quarter. Our strategy is to transform the industries we serve with end-to-end cloud-based solutions that drive efficiency and sustainability for our customers. We continue to see good growth in AEC, fueled by customers consolidating on our solutions to connect and optimize previously siloed workflows through the cloud. And as we talked about in February, digital momentum is also building among asset owners in infrastructure and other areas. This momentum is expected to accelerate with infrastructure investment programs like the U.S. Advanced Digital Construction Management System program, which launched during our second quarter. Cannon Design is a global design practice encompassing strategy, experience, architecture, engineering and social impact. It is driving forward its digital transformation and embracing the cloud to increase operational efficiency, enhance security, establish a single point of truth and enable more seamless end-to-end collaboration. During the quarter, it expanded its investment with Autodesk by leveraging Autodesk Docs as a common data environment adopting Forma and is exploring opportunities to integrate Autodesk's XR and asset management capabilities to its design portfolio. Outside the U.S. our construction platform is benefiting from our strong international presence and established channel partner network. During the quarter, a property developer and transit network operator based in Asia needed to simplify operations across its many infrastructure projects with a wide range of contractors and subcontractors. To manage this complexity, it needed a single source of truth for its project data and way to streamline workflows on a single platform. In Q2, it leveraged support from our local channel partner and standardize on one platform by adding Autodesk Construction Cloud to its existing portfolio of Autodesk AEC design tools to gain visibility into contractors and subcontractors workflow and the potential to unlock breakthrough productivity gains. Shook Construction, an ENR 400 general contractor based in Ohio made the decision to standardized on Autodesk Construction Cloud to better streamline their operational workflows. After evaluating many competitive options, Shook Construction chose Autodesk Construction Cloud as the best fit for driving consistent workflows, creating high-impact collaboration with their construction partners and eliminating cumbersome manual workflows. We continue to benefit from our complete end-to-end solutions, which encompass design, preconstruction and field execution through handover and into operations. Again, these stories have a common theme: managing people, process and data across the lifecycle to increase efficiency and sustainability while decreasing risk. Over time, we expect the majority of all projects to be managed this way, and we remain focused on enabling that transition through digital transformation. We talked last quarter about the short-term disruption from integrating our construction and worldwide sales teams. I'm pleased to report that things began to settle in the second quarter. We believe that combining the two teams will allow us to expand the scale and reach of our construction business, particularly in our design customer base and our ability to serve our customers across the complete project life cycle. Encouragingly, Autodesk Construction Cloud MAUs were up over 100% in the quarter. Moving on to manufacturing. We made excellent progress on our strategic initiatives. Customers continue to invest in their digital transformations and consolidate on our Design and Make platform to grow their business and make it more resilient. For example, a multinational manufacturer which serves the construction industry on both a building product manufacturer and through tools and construction processes has been leveraging the Autodesk portfolio to connect workflows across the AEC and manufacturing industries. It's expanded its commitment to BIM using Revit, Navisworks and Construction Cloud, which has enabled the customer to adopt a collaborative and data-driven approach across design, construction and maintenance services. which minimizes clashes and rework and culminates in more efficient and successful building projects. In the second quarter, the customer grew its EBA with Autodesk ahead of its Q4 renewal date to accelerate the adoption of BIM and facilitate the design of its products and materials directly within MEP models. Fusion continues to provide an easy on rate into our cloud ecosystem for existing and new customers. In Europe, an appliance manufacturer who was already an existing user of our manufacturing collection and AutoCAD mechanical, purchased additional seats of Fusion for PCB design. It's heating systems division will leverage Fusion's electronic design automation capabilities to quickly and seamlessly connect more of its design to manufacturing workflow to drive greater efficiency. Fusion continues to grow strongly, ending the quarter with 236,000 subscribers as more customers connect more workflows in the cloud to drive efficiency, sustainability and resilience. At Investor Day, I talked about leveraging our key growth enablers, including business model evolution, customer experience evolution and convergence between industries to provide more and better choices for our customers. Our Flex consumption model is a good example of this. Flex's consumption pricing means existing and new customers can try new products with less friction and enables Autodesk to better serve infrequent users. Not surprisingly, the lion's share of the business has come from new or existing customers expanding their relationship with Autodesk. During the quarter, we signed 3 more million dollar Flex deals. As Steve said at our Investor Day, we've also introduced a new transaction model for Flex, which will give Autodesk a more direct relationship with our customers and more closely integrate with our channel partners over time. We will begin testing our new transaction model more broadly in Australia later this year. And finally, we continue to work with noncompliant users to ensure that they are using the latest and most secure versions of our software. For example, after identifying and alerting a Chinese-based automobile designer about noncompliant usage and despite working to ongoing challenges from the pandemic, the customer eventually committed to three year VRED and Alias subscriptions. As expected, our initiatives to tighten concurrent usage of named user subscription and expand the precision and reach of our in-product messaging drove incremental growth during the quarter. Now let me finish with the story. According to the National Oceanic Service, Coral reefs are some of the most diverse and valuable ecosystems on earth. While they take up less than 1% of the ocean floor, their extraordinary biodiversity supports about 25% of all marine life. Healthy coral reefs support fisheries as well as jobs and businesses through tourism and recreation. It also buffer shorelines against 97% of the energy from waves, storms and floods, helping to prevent loss of life, property damage and erosion. It can take 10,000 to tens of millions of years for our coral reefs to form, and just weeks for it to die. Rising ocean temperatures can cause coral to bleach and die. Half of living coral reefs have died since the 1950s. Without intervention, we're on track to lose 70% to 90% of the remainder by 2050. That is, unless we find a faster way to bring coral reefs back from the brink. With support from Autodesk and the Autodesk Foundation, a company called Coral Maker is using our digital tools, artificial intelligence, and robotics to deliver core restoration at scale with cloud collaboration to keep the global team connected across oceans and time zones. As Dr. Karen Foster, coral makers founder says, the partnership with Autodesk has empowered us to develop new technology to restore reef at a rate unimaginable a few years ago. Current restoration projects can deploy about hectare of portal per year. With coral makers technology, it's possible to deploy 100 sectors per year. From the oceans to the earth and Sky augmented design, powered by Autodesk will enable our customers to go further and faster to design and make a better world for all. We've been laying the foundation to build enterprise level AI for years with connected data, teams and workflows in industry cloud. real time and immersive experiences, shared extensible and trusted platform services, innovative business models and trusted partnerships. Autodesk remains relentlessly curious with a propensity and desire to evolve and innovate. We are building the future with focus, purpose and optimism. Operator, we would now like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Saket Kalia of Barclays. Please go ahead, Saket.
Saket Kalia: Okay. Great. Hi Andrew. Hi, Debbie. How are you guys doing? Thanks for taking my questions here.
Debbie Clifford: We're doing great. How are you Saket?
Saket Kalia: Doing great, doing great. Debbie, maybe for you, just a quick housekeeping question here. Great to see the revised range on a lot of metrics, particularly revenue. And so, when I think about the midpoint of the revenue guide going up by about $25 million, first of all, great to see the impact of FX to start to lighten. But could you just maybe walk us through a broad brush how much of this year's raise on revenue is from FX versus maybe some underlying fundamentals in the business?
Debbie Clifford: Yes. So, we had a small increase in the midpoint of the guide. The dollar change was immaterial it's tough really to come up with a mix of assumptions that get us to the low end of our previous guidance range. So, the midpoint increase reflects a mix of both organic and FX assumptions. Overall, the business is tracking generally in line with our expectations.
Saket Kalia: Okay. Got it. Got it. Andrew, maybe for you, of an open-ended question. But I guess now as you've completed the first quarter of this transition to a new billing model. Is there anything that's surprising you about maybe how customers or how partners are behaving, again, open ended?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. No real big surprises. Saket I mean - Debbie flagged last quarter that we might see some customers reverting back to annual contracts as a result of the change. We did see that. Nothing really out of bound zone, nothing really surprising. Debbie, do you want to add anything to the details or...
Debbie Clifford: Yes. I would say the initial rollout of the new billings model is going well. The systems are working, customer and partner behavior is pretty much as we expected. As Andrew mentioned, we are seeing a small proportion of our customers choose annual contracts versus multiyear contracts billed annually, but generally, we expected a bit of that, and the performance has been in line with our expectations. And remember, if customers choose annual contracts, it doesn't impact the P&L. It only impacts unbilled and total RPO. It's still early days. We're monitoring it closely. And I think it just continues to be a good example of how we're working to optimize the business. It's about reducing the volatility of our cash flow while simultaneously giving our customers, the purchasing pattern that they want. And then finally, I'd say that there's no change in how we expect the transition to impact our cash flow outlook.
Saket Kalia: Got it. All very clear. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Please stand by for our next question which comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Got it. Thank you. Good evening. Andrew, for you first, you made some constructive comments about what you're seeing in the AEC business. But more broadly, and as you're well aware, there's quite a bit of ferment going on in that market right now in terms of references to what's come to be called BIM 2.0 as you know, just a couple of months ago at an AUC conference, a customer group launched a new customer-developed design specification for software. You yourselves are working on a dual track of enhancing revenue, but focusing on format. So lots going on in terms of various currents in that industry or part of the industry. Help us understand how you're thinking about managing for all those different dynamics that are going on in the AEC industry. And then a follow-up.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So Jay thanks. Jay, there's three threats to this, right? One is kind of the core platform threat around data and data flow. At the root of all of this, we need to make sure as much of the data that we have locked inside Revit files and lots of other types of files that our customers have gets turned into APIs wherever possible, right? This is a lubricant to the workflows that people are worried about. And I think a part of really what underpins the whole concept of BIM 2.0. That's one of the things. The second piece is you've got to make sure that their ability to do detailed in-depth complicated, sophisticated BIM models gets more performant, more productive and faster. That's core to kind of building up, and improving Revit in some significant ways, which we're absolutely looking at. But the third point, which I think is more important is you really need to reimagine how BIM is being done. The paradigm needs to shift, and it needs to shift to the world of not only being cloud-enabled but also being what we really like to call augmented design-enabled or outcome-based in whatever language we use, so that you can actually change the way people do BIM. And that's one of the big things that we're focusing on with Forma. And that's very different than - we have certain types of competitors. It's in line with what the spec is from the customers. But when you talk about data revenue improvements, and the move to what we call augmented design or outcome-based design. Those are the big thrust in terms of what we're trying to do to bring the industry to a better way of doing BIM?
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Second question refers to the comments you made about a new transactional model and a pilot you're going to be undertaking in Australia. So maybe you could elaborate on that. When I hear that, it sounds to me like there's potentially going to be some further change to channel economics. You've just completed the move to back-end-only margins. Are you thinking about perhaps taking the flex commission model more broadly across the rest of the business? Or what exactly you're looking to accomplish with that?
Andrew Anagnost: So let's talk about the Flex experiment and the things you were doing with - I think with Flex last. First off, Flex because it's like a consumption-based model, and it involves usage of various different products - it really - it's really incredibly helpful for the customer for us to be able to have a much more direct relationship with the customer with regards to that offering. Because that way we're able to offer a lot more visibility to how they're using the offering, what they're using, when they're using it, how much they're consuming, and actually help them get the most out of the offer. So, what we've done over the last year is we've proved out a new transaction model working with our partners, and rolling out across various regions that is supporting Flex, and that is a much more direct transaction model. Through that process, we've learned a lot. We've gained a lot of knowledge. We've addressed a lot of issues both systems-wise and process-wise. And we are now in a position with Flex to start growing, and expanding that model at greater and greater volume. And that's exactly what's happening with Flex. The volume of Flex is increasing, increasing, and we're doing it reliably, repeatedly and in a pretty positive way. Where we go from here depends solely on how we watch these things evolve and what the benefits of this transaction model for us. And all options are open to us in the future, but that's where we are right now. We've perfected what we've done on the Flex.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Adam Borg of Stifel.
Adam Borg: Awesome. And thanks so much for taking the questions. Maybe just for Andrew on the infrastructure opportunity. I know you've been calling out increasing traction with State Department of Transportation, and you even referenced some grants in the quarter in the script. So maybe just talk a little bit more about how you think about the infrastructure opportunity overall? And really what separates all of that from competitors in going after it?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So look, at a high level, one of the things I'm really excited about the thing with a really long name. The advanced digital construction management system program that the U.S. government rolled out, that is the program related to the money that's designed to help department of transportation look at their infrastructure, look at their processes, and start modernizing their digital processes around design and construction of infrastructure. That's an important step in getting a lot of these Department of Transportations to really start thinking about how they get ready to spend more money on infrastructure, and do it better and address the serious capacity challenges we have around materials, manpower, and dollars with regards to what we have to do. So pretty excited about, that because that's an open door to having new conversations with these departments about how they do things. Our focus has not changed. We are very much focused on water and road and rail, and we continue to innovate and drive improvements in those areas. I think our biggest differentiator is what we bring to market as a modern architecture. We bring to market more cloud-based solutions, more owner-based solutions for managing the infrastructure once you have it, and really just more technology that sits together in different ways. So, we're looking forward to having that discussion with the Department of Transportation over the next months and coming years. And I think you're going to start to see real change in some of those organizations.
Adam Borg: That's really helpful. And maybe just as my follow-up, just on the earlier-than-expected EBA renewal pool in the quarter. So maybe just talk about - just given the softer macro obviously, that our checks have been suggesting, and you talked about no real change sequentially. But just what's leading to customers to choose to renew early and - maybe just as a quick follow-up to that, as we think about the guidance for the year, any way to quantify the type of expansion opportunity embedded from the EBA? Thanks so much.
Debbie Clifford: I think, Adam, you were coming - in and out a little bit, but I think I got the bulk of what you were saying. So just stop me if I'm missing something. But in terms of the EBA behavior. Really, what we saw was driven by them. Our customers were managing their own budgets and cash flow. And so, their desire to get early billings for frankly, higher usage of their tokens was driven by their own - behavior, which we see as a real positive sign for us in engaging with those enterprise customers. They're seeing strong usage of our portfolio, and they're continuing to invest in their relationship with us. And those billings boosted our total billings, revenue, and free cash flow during the quarter. So overall, I think it's a win-win. There was a second part, I think, to your question.
Adam Borg: Yes. Just curious. And so thanks. I was just curious, any way to quantify kind of the type of expansion opportunity from the EBA renewal pool in the back half of the year as you think about full year guidance?
Debbie Clifford: Not something we can quantify for you, Adam, but I would just reiterate the fact that we do see it as a real positive that for the first two quarters of the year-to-date that we're seeing strong usage, and that's already leading to early billings. So a positive from our standpoint overall.
Adam Borg: Awesome. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe Vruwink of Baird.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Hi, everyone. Maybe I wanted to revisit your AEC exposure. I know you've discussed this in the past and just as there's offsets, so commercial market see pressure, institutional or infrastructure far better. So you have diversification there. I guess when you think about the current business composition, and how the different subsectors are faring, do you think the nature of Autodesk and AEC is any better or worse than would have been the case in past cycles? And I'm asking less about Autodesk just as a subscription model now versus a license model in the past. And more about Autodesk and things like Revit adoption or reliance on the cloud which might create a different dynamic for the business this down cycle versus past down cycles.
Andrew Anagnost: I think one of the things that you said, and I want to reinforce it, is that - we are diversified across all sectors of making things. Everything that gets made, we're involved in. It's not just AUC, it's buildings, it's bridges, it's car, it's electronics. And of course, it's film and game. So just remember, we're diversified across all of those segments. What's different now, and I think it's important to recognize this. Is that the AEC industry as a whole is chasing productivity and digitization gains, the entire industry, from construction, all the way through to any design in every part of the process in between, engineering and all the things associated with that. So that fundamental change is creating long-term pull for what we're doing. And what we're doing is we're connecting the design, and make processes across that industry together in the cloud in unique and highly integrated way. So that people can do things faster, more sustainably and with greater - with lower risk and better outcomes. That fundamental shift is very different than what we've seen before. And that's going to - we're going to be riding that fundamental shift for quite a few years.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. Great. Andrew, that's helpful. And then second question, wondering if you can comment on how you see the writers and actors, strike potentially impacting business in media and entertainment, particularly if this goes on for a while and your customers are finishing what's in post-production with, I suppose, a lack of new things coming in, what that might mean towards the end of the year?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So you've hit one thing right there, right? People are still in post-production right now for the existing book that post production overhang will continue for a little while. If the strike continues for months on end, we will likely see an increased impact on our media and entertainment business. It's still growing now. It definitely slowed down in Q2, but it's still growing. So as we look forward, your guess is as good as mine about how long this strike will go on. But I do remind you our exposure to media entertainment is relatively small compared to the other parts of our business. But there's no doubt that an extended strike could have an impact on that business.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tyler Radke of Citi.
Tyler Radke: Yes. Thanks for taking the question. So I wanted to just go back to the commentary on kind of the puts and takes in the quarter. So you talked about seeing some early expansions on some of the multiyear EBAs. And I just wanted to clarify, was that also stronger expansion? Or was it more of a timing factor? And then Debbie, this might be a bit of a nitpicky question. But just as I look at the constant currency revenue guidance, I think the high end of the guide says 12% plus versus 13% last quarter. I just wasn't sure if there was a change there. If you could just kind of comment on the puts and takes on that, too? Thank you.
Debbie Clifford: Sure. Thanks, Tyler. So the EBA usage was strong, and we've been tracking it for the year-to-date. It wasn't necessarily stronger than our expectations, however. So to clarify, it's really more than anything it's a timing difference. We were expecting that the revenue would hit in Q4 and it hit in Q2. But the fact that our customers are using more than they had anticipated the onset of the contracts is a good thing. It's just that we've been tracking it. We've known about it for the year-to-date, and we just saw the invoices in Q2 versus Q4. In terms of the constant currency guide, the range, it was impacted really by rounding. The dollar change was immaterial. And overall, the business is tracking generally in line with our expectations.
Tyler Radke: Okay. Great. And follow-up for Andrew. You talked about some encouraging signs on the Autodesk construction side, given the reorg, you talked about it kind of settling in. How - maybe just remind us kind of what were the big changes? What are you hoping to accomplish? And should we start to see the make revenue begin to accelerate throughout the rest of the year? Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, Tyler. Happy to clarify that. So look, what we did in Q1 is we merged the Autodesk Construction Solutions sales force with the mainline sales force. This was with the objective of long-term accelerating business growth in that area, particularly in our design-centric accounts. So we wanted to keep the contractor and subcontractor power of the ACS team and combine it with the teams that are focused on some of our design accounts as well. We expected some bumps in doing that because you have to realign account assignments, you have to realign players and who's in charge of what. We've seen a lot of those bumps get smoothed out into Q2. So we're seeing a return to expected patents. We've lost no business during the process. As I told you - as I told you earlier in the opening commentary, when we talked about - when I talked about things like Shook, the general contractor in Ohio. We're winning - we're continuing to win these contractors. Primarily, one of the things we hear a lot is the pricing predictability associated with our offering and the ability to show them a path not only to a stable pricing model, which customers really like and increasingly see a viable and strong alternative to project management and what ACS offers, but also in terms of the integration between design and banking. I expect the consolidation of the sales force is to continue to further accelerate the construction business moving forward as we continue to work this through. So progress in the right direction, and we can expect to see more progress.
Tyler Radke: Great to hear. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Celino of KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jason Celino: Great. Thanks for taking my question. This is a spin on Saket's very first question, but it relates to the quarter and not necessarily the guide. But when we look at the outperformance in the quarter, it's the biggest beat on a percentage and an absolute basis we've seen in many quarters. Can you just help us unpack maybe what the magnitude of the EBA strength was or the FX kind of benefits, if there were any?
Debbie Clifford: The biggest driver of the beat came from the EBAs.
Jason Celino: Okay. Perfect. And then, Andrew, curious on updates on Innovyze. At the beginning of the year, I think there was this view that funding for sewer projects and water projects hadn't quite started to flow, no pun unintended yet, but that maybe we would see things start to open up in the second half or next year. Is that still the case? I guess what are you seeing?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. I mean, look, look at the news, right, all you get is increasing evidence that most regions and municipalities need to reevaluate their water management, both at a sewage level and a treatment level infrastructure. So that has fundamentally not changed. And we haven't yet seen the increase in project actually starting projects in that area. But what we are seeing is people buying ahead of demand. So we actually saw a lot of strength with Innovyze in our EBAs in our large accounts, which is an important precursor to some of the larger efforts that might go on moving forward. But no floodgates have opened up yet, no pun intended from my side. But we still see the exact same pattern we've talked about.
Jason Celino: Okay. Great. Appreciate it. and I like the puns.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Funk of Bank of America.
Michael Funk: Yes. Thank you all for the questions tonight. A couple if I could. So on the EBA renewal comments that you made earlier, can you give us a sense of the like-for-like change there, whether or not customers on balance or upsizing, increasing the duration of the contract, what that looked like.
Debbie Clifford: So to clarify, these contracts, they were not contracts that were renewed. We're expecting that these contracts will be renewed in Q4 per our normal cycles. What happened is that these customers have been using ahead of the usage that was built into their original contracts. And so what we saw in Q2 was billings for the overuse versus the original contracts. But we still expect the renewals will occur in Q4.
Michael Funk: Understood. I must have miss heard you earlier. So for the overview then, do you expect that trend to continue for the remainder of the year? And what do you think is driving that over use?
Debbie Clifford: We're certainly hopeful that, that trend continues. We see it as a very positive sign that our customers are asking for early billings because they're using our products more than they anticipated, and they're using the broad breadth of the portfolio. The other thing I would say is that the usage that was built into these contracts when they were originally signed. Remember, this was three years ago, at the onset of the pandemic. And so the usage in those contracts might have been a bit lower just given the environment in which those contracts were renewed. And so as we start to come out of the pandemic, we're seeing more and more usage. We've talked about usage being broadly speaking for Autodesk, but also for our EBAs being a good leading indicator, and that usage continues to increase. I don't have a crystal ball, Michael. I wish I did. I could tell you for sure that the usage would continue to go up in the back half of the year, but we're certainly hopeful and all signs are leading in that direction.
Michael Funk: Okay. So, in terms of trends so far this quarter to date are consistent with 2Q?
Debbie Clifford: Sorry, I didn't hear.
Michael Funk: Your last comment about trends continuing is the interpretation there that the trend has continued in - from 2Q into this quarter of increased usage.
Debbie Clifford: We're not commenting on Q3 at this point. Overall, the performance that we saw from our EBAs in Q2 is really strong, and we're hopeful that it will continue.
Michael Funk: Great. Thank you, Debbie.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Hedberg of RBC Capital Markets.
Matt Hedberg: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Congrats on the stability here. Really, really good to see. Maybe, Debbie, for you, maybe I missed it, but cash flow was - free cash flow was significantly better than we thought this quarter. I know you don't guide quarterly. So maybe just - again, maybe I missed it, but a little bit more on sort of why free cash flow is so strong this quarter? And as we think about Q3, Q4 kind of the linearity there, you took the low end of the full year up a little bit. How should we kind of think about that split sort of between 3Q and 4Q?
Debbie Clifford: Yes. So Q2 was strong, primarily because of the timing of the EBA billings that I've been talking about as well as some favorable in-quarter linearity. So the linearity that we saw was better than we had expected. And then when we look at the back half of the year, second half free cash flow will be significantly weighted to the fourth quarter. I've called out the federal tax payment extension that positively impacted the first half free cash flow, and it will negatively impact Q3. Overall, we still anticipate that fiscal '24 is going to be the free cash flow trough during this transition from upfront annual billings.
Matt Hedberg: Great. Thanks. And then, Andrew, for you, following up on earlier questions kind of on the split of your business, obviously, an extremely diversified model. But I guess regarding commercial real estate exposure, I know it's difficult to give an exact percentage of your exposure there. But just broadly speaking, we get asked all the time, what's Autodesk's exposure to the category. How should we think about kind of Autodesk in the CRE market?
Andrew Anagnost: To be honest, you shouldn't, okay? This is some of the conversations we had during the housing crisis, like, how should we think about Autodesk relative to the housing. And the question is, you shouldn't, all right? The amount of things that need to be built and rebuilt in our customer base is ginormous, all right? They don't have current capacity, either people-wise, dollar-wise or capability-wise, to actually work through all the things that are going on. So the momentum of the industry pivots to other areas. Now even if you look at commercial real estate, people are still reconfiguring commercial real estate within the segment in order either to make it more attractive to a shrinking pool of renters or to repurpose that space to other uses. But in terms of exposure to Autodesk, you got to be careful about overblowing that because the money always goes somewhere else. There's always a lot of work to be done in other sectors. That just means that people that were traditionally bidding on commercial real estate projects are now bidding and engaging on other types of projects.
Matt Hedberg: Super helpful. Thank you for that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bhavin Shah of Deutsche Bank.
Bhavin Shah: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Andrew, we continue to hear good things from your customers and partners regarding your ability to innovate and enhance many of your acquired assets, whether it's Innovyze, PlanGrid, et cetera. Can you just remind us of your views on go-forward M&A and your M&A philosophy. And maybe kind of what are some of the lessons we learned from prior deals?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So we are an acquisitive company. We will continue to be an acquisitive company. We always like when the environment gets more attractive for acquisitions, but we are always looking to make sure that a potential acquisition is strategically aligned with our priorities. That means that it's either accelerating an effort that we're currently working on or bringing us into an adjacency that we weren't working on but that we see as an attractive place. Timing matters as well in terms of what timing is right for us to do these things that we keep the business reasonably focused on the things that are important and don't try to juggle 18 balls at once, right? But we will continue to be acquisitive, and we have the cash flow and balance sheet ability here to do whatever we need to do in terms of strategic fit and expansion that we're interested in moving forward. So don't expect any change. In terms of learning, look, you always learn, you can integrate some of the back office faster, all right? There's a [indiscernible] and all these things is integrate sales and back office infrastructure quicker and you go faster.
Bhavin Shah: Super helpful there. Just on another topic, can you just talk about what you're seeing with A&E customers as it relates to hiring. I know many of these customers have got talent shortages over the past few years. Are you seeing any easing here or any kind of other general commentary in terms of hiring within A&E customers. Thanks so much for taking my question.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. It depends on the sector. But honestly, in construction and manufacturing, you're seeing - they're still seeing challenges with hiring, right? It's one of the big things we hear from them is their ability to not only find but retain talent, especially qualified talent. So hiring continues to be an issue on the execution side of our customers, primarily towards the mix side.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Wong of Oppenheimer & Company.
Ken Wong: Great. Thank you for taking my question. Just a quick one for me. As we think about - I think Debbie, you mentioned new customer softness is kind of consistent with what you guys are seeing. But just wanted to make sure, relative to last quarter, I think you guys had called out a bit of an air pocket that normalized. How should we think about the way that played out this quarter in terms of adding new subs?
Debbie Clifford: The overall market conditions, new subs, momentum in the business was similar to last quarter. We talked about leading indicators being consistent with last quarter, growing usage, record bid activity on BuildingConnected ,cautious optimism from our channel partners. Beyond that, I would just add that our regional performance was broadly similar to what we've seen for several quarters. direct business, including enterprise and eStore as well as India actually were bright spots for us, but they were offset by some tougher patches like China as well as the softer performance that we talked about in M&A.
Ken Wong: Got it. And then I realize maybe it's a very small nuance. But I think last quarter, you guys saw a little bit of a dip, and then it recovered in terms of new sub ads. I guess when you're saying it's consistent with last quarter, would it be more consistent with that exit or kind of full quarter dynamic where averaged out maybe a little lighter than anticipated.
Debbie Clifford: So remember what we said last quarter was that we saw a slight dip after we stopped selling the multiyear contracts upfronts, but then it recovered as we exited the quarter and as we got into early Q2, and we saw that consistently throughout Q2.
Ken Wong: Okay. Perfect. Thank you, Debbie.
Operator: Thank you. Please standby. Our next question comes from the line of Nay Soe Naing, Berenberg.
Nay Soe Naing: Hi. Thank you for squeezing me in. Just got a quick question from me. Coming back to the early was better than expected or earlier than expected EBA renewals I was wondering if we were to exclude that impact in the quarter, the performance in AEC, would we have seen an inflection in terms of the growth levels because what we've seen in the past couple of quarters is the gradual decline in growth rates. So I was wondering if we didn't have this early renewals and EPAs would be an easy segment would have seen a further deceleration in growth rates? Or would we see a bit of an uptick compared to Q1? Thank you.
Debbie Clifford: So the early billings that we talked about for EBAs are what drove the revenue beat versus our guide. But when you think about that beat on a dollar basis in comparison to the totality of our AEC business, the AEC business is vastly larger. So it's not a big driver of the overall trend that we're seeing in AEC, but it was the driver of EBA.
Nay Soe Naing: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Patrick Baumann of JPMorgan. Please go ahead, Patrick.
Patrick Baumann: Thank you. This is Pat on for Steve. So just a couple probably for Debbie. You touched on sales in terms of the moving parts of the guide raise there. I guess in terms of the free cash flow midpoint, what was - I know it was only - it was a small number, but what was the driver of the raise there? And then on the EPS, the adjusted EPS guidance rate - raise, there's like $25 million of other income. Is that simply the benefit from the interest on cash that you mentioned in the preamble?
Debbie Clifford: Yes. So starting with cash, it's due to the performance that we saw in Q2. So I talked a little bit earlier in this Q&A session about the EBA billings that we saw in Q2 as well as the favorable in core linearity. So those were drivers of the difference that you saw in our cash flow guidance. And then in terms of EPS, the other income is due to higher interest income from our cash balances.
Patrick Baumann: Good. Does that flow through the cash flow?
Debbie Clifford: In part, well, yes, yes.
Patrick Baumann: Okay. And then sorry, one more on cash flow for my second question. Is the - do you think is the third quarter going to be negative or positive on free cash flow. You said I think, significantly weighted to the fourth quarter in the second half, which I think is similar to your prior commentary from last quarter. But I think you also thought at that time that maybe second quarter and third quarter could be negative. Is your view that free cash flow will be negative in the third quarter given the impact of this cash item that was pushed from the first half to the third quarter?
Debbie Clifford: We're not going to guide on a quarterly basis for free cash flow, but I'll try to be helpful. I just want to reiterate some of the comments. So remember that second half free cash flow is going to be significantly weighted into the fourth quarter. And the biggest driver of that is the extension of our federal tax payments that had a positive impact on the first half but are going to negatively impact Q3. So think about that as you put your model together.
Patrick Baumann: Okay. Thanks so much. Best of luck.
Operator: Thank you. That is all the time we have for Q&A today. I would now like to turn the conference back to Simon Mays-Smith for closing remarks. Sir?
Simon Mays-Smith: Thanks, and thank you, everyone, for joining today. We look forward to updating you on our progress in November on our Q3 earnings call. I look forward to speaking to you then. Thank you so much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2024 Q1  (2023-05-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to Autodesk First Quarter Fiscal 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the call over to Simon Mays-Smith, VP, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Simon Mays-Smith: Thanks, operator, and good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the first quarter results of Autodesk's fiscal '24. On the line with me are Andrew Anagnost, our CEO; and Debbie Clifford, our CFO. Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. You can find the earnings press release, slide presentation and transcript of today's opening commentary on our Investor Relations website following this call. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements about our outlook, future results and related assumptions, acquisitions, products and product capabilities and strategies. These statements reflect our best judgment based on currently known factors. Actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Form 10-K and the Form 8-K filed with today's press release, for important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. During the call, we will quote several numeric or growth changes as we discuss our financial performance. Unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. All non-GAAP numbers referenced in today's call are reconciled in our press release or Excel financials and other supplemental materials available on our investor relations website. And now, I will turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Simon, and welcome everyone to the call. Autodesk's strong financial and competitive performance in the first quarter of fiscal 2024 is again a testament to three enduring strengths: resilience, discipline, and opportunity. In a more challenging macroeconomic, policy and geopolitical environment, our resilient business model, and geographic, product and customer diversification, enabled us to deliver 12% revenue growth in constant currency, healthy margins, and record first quarter free cash flow. Leading indicators remained consistent with last quarter with product usage growing modestly, bid activity on BuildingConnected again at record levels, and continued cautious optimism from channel partners. Consistent with year-over-year economic momentum, we saw new subscription growth decelerate in North America and accelerate in EMEA. But our customers remain committed to transformation and to Autodesk, leveraging automation more as they see headwinds from the economy and supply chains. That commitment is reflected in larger, broader and more strategic partnerships, improving renewal rates, consistent net revenue retention, and growing adoption and usage of our products within EBAs; all of which helped drive 12% growth in current RPO and 15% growth in total RPO. While macroeconomics are unpredictable in the short-term, we are executing our strategy through the economic cycle with disciplined and focused capital deployment, underpinned by one of the best growth, margin, and balance sheet profiles in the industry. This enables Autodesk to remain well invested to realize the significant benefits of its strategy, while mitigating the risk of having to make expensive catch-up investments later. Discipline and focus also mean making sure we are investing in the right places. This is a constant process of optimization and improvement with increased vigilance during periods of macroeconomic uncertainty to prioritize investment and recruitment. As you heard at our recent Investor Day, we are deploying next-generation technology and services and end-to-end digital transformation within and between the industries we serve and, in so doing, shifting Autodesk from products to capabilities. Our AEC industry cloud, Forma, launched on May 8, is a great example of our vision. During pre-release trials, customers like CUBE 3 clearly saw how Autodesk Forma's intuitive user interface enabled rapid adoption by existing and new users; how bi-directional data flows enhanced the value of other Autodesk products like Revit; and how a single, integrated environment in the cloud, enhanced by AI, accelerated modeling and response times while significantly enhancing the value delivered to its customers. While using Forma during its trial, CUBE 3 delivered more creative and valuable designs to its customers while reducing the concept design phase by 50% or more. At Investor Day, I also talked about leveraging our key growth enablers, including business model evolution, customer experience evolution, and convergence between industries, to provide more and better choices for our customers. Our Flex consumption model is a good example of this. Flex's consumption pricing means existing and new customers can try new products with less friction, and also enables Autodesk to better serve infrequent users. Not surprisingly, the lion's share of the business has come from new customers or existing customers expanding their relationship with Autodesk. As Steve said at our Investor Day, we've also introduced a new transaction model for Flex, which will give Autodesk a more direct relationship with our customers and more closely integrate with our channel partners over time. During the quarter, Flex moved up into the top 10 products on our e-store, and we signed our first million-dollar Flex deal. Autodesk remains relentlessly curious with a propensity and desire to evolve and innovate. Our transformation from products to capabilities will enable us to forge broader, trusted and more durable partnerships with more customers; gives Autodesk a longer runway of growth and free cash flow generation; and enables a better world designed and built for all. I will now turn the call over to Debbie to take you through the details of our quarterly financial performance and guidance for the year. I'll then come back to update you on our strategic growth initiatives.
Debbie Clifford: Thanks, Andrew. Amidst a more challenging macroeconomic environment and ongoing headwinds from currency and Russia, Q1 was strong. The overall momentum of the business was similar to last quarter with new subscriber growth decelerating a bit and renewal rates improving a bit quarter-over-quarter such that current remaining performance obligation growth was the same as last quarter. Strong renewal rates demonstrate existing customers are committed to, and investing in, their long-term strategic partnerships with Autodesk. Some customers are also elevating their relationships with Autodesk from subsidiaries to companywide. When this happens, it can sometimes cause quarterly timing differences for the renewal as multiple contracts are co-termed to a single renewal date. We saw an instance of that in Q1 and, as a result, some of the up-front revenue we expected to hit in Q1, we now expect later in the year. Q1 revenue would have been toward the top end of our guidance range if adjusted for this up-front revenue. Total revenue grew 8%, and 12% in constant currency. By product in constant currency: AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT revenue grew 10%, AEC revenue grew 11%, manufacturing revenue grew 13%, and M&E revenue grew 9%. By region in constant currency: revenue grew 14% in the Americas, 11% in EMEA, and 8% in APAC. Direct revenue increased 15% in constant currency and represented 35% of total revenue, up 1 percentage point from last year, due to strength in both enterprise and ecommerce. Net revenue retention rate remained the same as last quarter and within 100% to 110% at constant exchange rates. As we flagged in our annual guidance given last quarter, our transition from up-front to annual billings for multi-year contracts impacts our billings growth this year. That transition started on March 28, so we had about one month of headwind in the first quarter. Billings increased 4% to $1.2 billion, primarily reflecting growing renewal rates and early renewals, partly offset by about one month of annual billings for most multi-year contracts. Total deferred revenue increased 20% to $4.5 billion. Total RPO of $5.4 billion and current RPO of $3.5 billion grew 15% and 12%, respectively. Turning to the P&L, non-GAAP gross margin remained broadly level at 92%, while non-GAAP operating margin decreased by 2 percentage points to approximately 32%. This reflects ongoing cost discipline, including the expected Q1 cost of repurposing approximately 250 roles to invest in our strategic priorities, as well as the impact of exchange rate movements. GAAP operating margin decreased by 1 percentage point to approximately 17% for the same reasons. Free cash flow was $714 million in the first quarter, up 69% year-over-year. In addition to the underlying momentum of the business, there were three factors that provided a tailwind in the first quarter: first, cash collections from the last month of billings in fiscal '23 were strong; second, we saw favorable linearity and early renewals in the first quarter, driven by the end of our multi-year billed up-front program; and third, after the winter storms in California, we received a federal tax payment extension to the third quarter. Turning to capital allocation, we continue to actively manage capital within our framework. Our strategy is underpinned by disciplined and focused capital deployment through the economic cycle. As Andrew said, we are being vigilant during this period of macroeconomic uncertainty, paying close attention to attrition and recruitment rates, and the increased upward pressure on costs from a weakening dollar. We will continue to offset dilution from our stock-based compensation program and to opportunistically accelerate repurchases when it makes sense to do so. During Q1, we purchased 2.7 million shares for $534 million, at an average price of approximately $199 per share, reducing total shares outstanding by about 3 million shares. Now, let me finish with guidance. The overall headlines are: the expectations embedded in our guidance range for the full year remain consistent with the underlying momentum in the business; and, we expect a tailwind in the second half of the year from a strong cohort of Enterprise Business Agreements. These EBAs last renewed three years ago at the start of the pandemic, and subsequent adoption and usage has been strong. Let me summarize some key factors we highlighted last quarter. First, foreign exchange movements will be a headwind to revenue growth and margins in fiscal '24. Revenue headwinds from Russia and FX peak in the first half of the year. Margin headwinds from FX will persist throughout the year. Second, switching from up-front to annual billings for most multi-year customers creates a significant headwind for free cash flow in fiscal '24 and a smaller headwind in fiscal '25. Given this transition started on March 28, this will become more apparent from the second quarter onward. Our expectations for the billings transition are unchanged. And third, it's possible that during the transition to multi-year contracts billed annually, some customers may choose annual contracts instead. We haven't seen much evidence of this in the limited time since the annual billings program started on March 28, but it's early days and we'll keep you updated as the year progresses. All else equal, if this were to occur, it would proportionately reduce the unbilled portion of our total remaining performance obligations and would negatively impact total RPO growth rates. Deferred revenue, billings, current remaining performance obligations, revenue, margins, and free cash flow would remain broadly unchanged in this scenario. Annual renewals create more opportunities for us to drive adoption and upsell, but are without the price lock embedded in multi-year contracts. We still expect our cash tax rate will return to a more normalized level of approximately 31% of GAAP profit before tax in fiscal '24, up from 25% in fiscal '23 for the reasons we outlined last quarter. As I mentioned earlier, a federal tax payment extension after the winter storms in California means cash tax payments will shift from the first half of the year to the third quarter, reducing third quarter free cash flow. The tax payment extension will change the first half/second half free cash flow linearity a little bit. But we still think we'll generate roughly half of our free cash flow in the second half of the year, with second half free cash flow generation significantly weighted to the fourth quarter. We still anticipate fiscal '24 to be the free cash flow trough during our transition from up-front to annual billings for multi-year contracts. Putting that all together, we still expect fiscal '24 revenue to be between $5.36 billion and $5.46 billion, up about 8% at the mid-point, or about 13% at constant exchange rates and excluding the impact from Russia. Normal seasonality, peak second quarter currency and Russia headwinds and, as I mentioned earlier, a strong second half pipeline of enterprise agreements last renewed three years ago in the immediate aftermath of the onset of the pandemic, mean we expect reported revenue growth to accelerate in the second half of the year. We expect non-GAAP operating margins to be similar to fiscal '23 levels with constant currency margin improvement offset by FX headwinds. As I said earlier, in a more challenging macroeconomic environment, we are being vigilant and proactive to sustain our margins. We expect free cash flow to be between $1.15 billion and $1.25 billion. The mid-point of that range, $1.2 billion, implies a 41% reduction in free cash flow compared to fiscal '23, primarily due to the shift to annual billings, a smaller multi-year cohort, FX, and our cash tax rate. The slide deck on our website has more details on modeling assumptions for Q2 and full year fiscal '24. We continue to manage our business using a rule-of-40 framework with a goal of reaching 45% or more over time. We think this balance between compounding growth and strong free cash flow margins, captured in the rule-of-40 framework, is the hallmark of the most valuable companies in the world. And we intend to remain one of them. As we said last quarter, the rate of improvement will obviously be somewhat determined by the macroeconomic backdrop. But, let me be clear, we're managing the business to this metric and feel it strikes the right balance between driving top-line growth and delivering on disciplined profit and cash flow growth. We intend to make meaningful steps over time toward achieving our 45% or more goal, regardless of the macroeconomic backdrop. Andrew, back to you.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Debbie. Let me finish by updating you on our progress in the first quarter. Our strategy is to transform the industries we serve with end-to-end, cloud-based solutions that drive efficiency and sustainability for our customers. We continue to see good growth in AEC, fueled by customers consolidating on our solutions to connect previously siloed workflows in the cloud. HNTB, an employee-owned infrastructure solutions firm that serves public and private owners and contractors, expanded its EBA with Autodesk to help achieve its goals around design modernization, digital transformation and digital infrastructure solutions. The ability provided by our EBA means that HNTB can easily consolidate more workflows to Autodesk. For example, in addition to adopting and integrating Autodesk Build and Innovyze, HNTB has been prototyping Autodesk's immersive collaboration platform. By leveraging VR collaboration, it has been able to help transportation agencies like Florida's Turnpike Enterprise use digital twins to train facility management and first responder teams on real-life scenarios from the safety of their offices instead of on busy interstate highways. HNTB sees the potential of further applications in its work on complex bridges and tunnels, as well as its work with airports and state departments of transportation across the country. In construction, we continue to benefit from our complete end-to-end solutions which encompass design, preconstruction and field execution, through handover and into operations. DPR is among the top 10 largest general contractors and construction management firms in the U.S. and specializes in technically complex and sustainable projects. In the first quarter, DPR expanded and extended its partnership with Autodesk and unified on Autodesk Construction Cloud, our construction platform that connects stakeholders throughout the project lifecycle. In moving away from point solutions and onto Autodesk's common data environment and cloud, DPR aims to connect all workflows, centralize communications, and improve project management and operations across the office and job site. We continue to see significant opportunities to grow our construction platform outside the U.S., benefiting from our strong international presence and reputation. In Singapore, Autodesk Build was selected over three competitive offerings as the construction management platform for what will be Singapore's tallest skyscraper. When awarding the contract to our partner, China Harbour, the project owners chose Autodesk Build because it connected the design and make processes in the cloud, centralized project schedules, and generated automated clash reports to reduce risk during construction. Of course, these stories have a common theme: managing across the project lifecycle to increase efficiency and sustainability, while decreasing risk. And this means our customers are renewing and expanding their relationships with us. Over time, we expect the majority of all projects to be managed this way and we're getting ready today to scale to serve that demand. Jim talked at our Investor Day about how product innovation, go-to-market expansion, and customer success are helping us get ready. In the first quarter, we took another important step by integrating our construction sales force into our worldwide sales team. While integrations of this scale inevitably cause some short-term disruption, combining the two teams will allow us to expand the scale and reach of our construction business, particularly in our design customer base, and our ability to serve our customers across the project lifecycle. Moving on to manufacturing, we made excellent progress on our strategic initiatives. Customers continue to invest in their digital transformations and consolidate on our Design and Make Platform to grow their business and make it more resilient. For example, Rittal is a leading manufacturer of electrical enclosure systems. It uses Inventor, Vault and Moldflow to optimize and manage its product manufacturing to produce thousands of customized and configured switch cabinets daily. Rittal is focused on maximizing internal automation to accelerate its speed to market and respond more nimbly to changes in demand. In Q1, it increased its EBA with Autodesk to include Fusion to serve as its central data management system, build a more resilient supply chain, and drive competitive advantage through quicker turnaround times. Using Fusion, Rittal will be able to automatically route online customer orders through to its engineers and integrated production line and make deliveries in as little as one or two days. In the U.K., a precision engineering firm was looking to update its CAM workflow to increase engineering efficiency and optimize costs. After a competitive evaluation, the customer migrated from its existing provider to Fusion with the Machining Extension because of Fusion's intuitive UI, cloud capabilities, and simple integrations with its existing software and machines. Realizing the opportunities to drive breakthrough efficiency by consolidating all workflows on a single Design and Make Platform, the customer is now also evaluating the migration of its CAD workflows from a competitor to Fusion. Fusion continues to grow strongly, ending the quarter with 231,000 subscribers, as more customers connect more workflows in the cloud to drive efficiency, sustainability and resilience. In partnership with higher education providers across the globe, we continue to invest in the workforce of the future. We recently partnered with the Tamil Nadu Skill Development Corporation and Anna University in India to integrate Fusion into its 20 mandatory product engineering courses and launched the Fusion Design Challenge to showcase the skills of 20,000 students. Fusion's intuitive UI and cloud-based data management make it easy for students to learn and collaborate on class projects. Autodesk is also investing in a new Technology Engagement Center at California State University, Northridge, that will promote interdisciplinary collaboration in engineering and computer academic programs and house the Global Hispanic Serving Institution Equity Innovation Hub, which aims to build a more diverse and inclusive engineering workforce. And finally, we continue to work with non-compliant users to ensure they are using the latest and most secure versions of our software. In the first quarter, we made substantial progress on two initiatives we outlined at Investor Day: further hardening our systems by significantly tightening concurrent usage of named user subscriptions, and significantly expanding the precision and reach of our in-project -- product messaging. We expect both initiatives to drive further conversion and growth in the second half of the year and beyond. Let me finish where I started. Autodesk remains relentlessly curious with a propensity and desire to evolve and innovate. With our AI infused industry clouds, Fusion, Forma, and Flow, scaled on Autodesk Platform Services, our customers will be able to leverage their large, domain specific, inter- and intra-industry data sets to deliver further breakthrough productivity, operations, and sustainability gains. And with intuitive UIs and the application of multi-modal AI models that move beyond language models to capture sketches and reality directly into accurate 3D models, we will be able to accelerate the transition from products to capabilities that I talked about at our recent Investor Day. Our transformation from products to capabilities will enable us to forge broader, trusted and more durable partnerships with more customers; give Autodesk a longer runway of growth and free cash flow generation; and enable a better world designed and built for all. Operator, we would now like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Saket Kalia of Barclays. Your question please, Saket.
Saket Kalia: Okay. Great. Hey, Andrew. Hey, Debbie. How you doing? Thanks for taking my questions here. Andrew, maybe just for you. Appreciate the macro commentary, very helpful. I think we all try to speak to at least a subset of your partners through the quarter. And frankly, through the quarter, some of those checks, albeit limited, were mixed or soft, right, of course, reflecting the macro. Maybe the question that I have for you is, I was wondering if you saw that as well. And if you did, whether some of those trends have maybe continued here through the second quarter?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, Saket. Good to see you by the way. Good to talk to you. So, yes, let me tell you what we saw and consistent with what people heard from the partners. So, whenever we have a large event like ending multi-year, what happens is partners and teams tend to pack up deals into that event, they even pull pipeline forward to try to get it into the event, so that they can kind of close their deal, get things trued up around the event. This happens every time consistently when we have event like this. It's one of the reasons why we try to align these events with quarter-end, so we don't have conversations like this. So, if that was the case, what you would have expected is that business would rebound to kind of expected levels post the end of the quarter, which is exactly what happened. It's exactly what we're seeing at the beginning of the quarter [indiscernible] and we're back to what we would expect to be [indiscernible]. Debbie, you want to add anything about the macro environment that we haven't said already or anything -- any commentary that might help understand how the quarter progressed?
Debbie Clifford: Sure. So, overall, our leading indicators remain broadly the same as what we saw last quarter. We saw usage grow modestly. We saw record bid activity on BuildingConnected. We continue to see cautious optimism from our channel partners. New subscriber growth decelerated a bit quarter-over-quarter, but renewal rates improved. Also like last quarter, Europe was a bit better, the U.S. was a bit worse, Asia was about the same. So, net-net, the overall momentum of the business was somewhat similar to what we saw last quarter with some puts and takes. It's all in line with the guidance expectations for the year and it's consistent with macro trends. Current RPO growth is a good forward indicator for you. It was the same as last quarter at 12% growth. And as we've said before, the business is going to grow faster in better environments and slower in more uncertain environments, but our goal continues to be to set ourselves up for success in fiscal '24 and beyond.
Saket Kalia: Got it. That's really helpful, Debbie. Debbie, maybe for my follow-up for you. Great to see the cash flow strength this quarter, well ahead of what we were expecting. I was just wondering if you could just zoom into what drove that. And maybe just looking forward, how you're sort of thinking about the shape of cash flow this year, particularly where we trough here in fiscal '24? Does that make sense?
Debbie Clifford: Yes. So, Q1 free cash flow was strong for a couple of reasons. First, cash collections from the last month of billings in fiscal '23 were strong. Second, we also saw favorable linearity and early renewals in Q1 that were driven by the end of multi-year build upfront. And then, third, as I mentioned on the call, after the winter storms in California, we received a federal tax payment extension for the third quarter. Our overall expectations for free cash flow on the year, including linearity, are unchanged. We still expect that we're going to generate about half of our free cash flow in the second half of the year, with heavier weighting to Q4. Some of the factors to think about across Q2, Q3 and Q4, we have the full quarter impact from the switch to annual billings. In Q2, remember that we had some early renewal billings that were pulled into Q1. And then with that tax payment extension to Q3, that has a positive impact to free cash flow in Q1 and Q2, but a negative offset in Q3. But overall, I just would reiterate that our expectations are unchanged and that we expect to generate about half of that free cash flow in the second half of the year.
Saket Kalia: Got it. Very helpful, guys. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities. Your question please, Jay.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. Andrew, you referenced the effect on channel behavior in the quarter as a result of the billing change. But more broadly, there are some other evolutions that your sales model is going through affecting not just the VARs but also the VADs. And I'm wondering how you're thinking about the operational or execution risks associated with that evolution which certainly goes beyond Q1 in terms of perhaps either demand generation, fulfillment of which you'll be doing more of on your own, perhaps the elements of channel comp as they change with the back end change. So maybe just let's talk about some of those ongoing executables that you need to get right vis-à-vis the sales model. Then, I'll ask my follow-up.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, Jay, that's a great question. So, one of the things that I'll say like first upfront is why are we exploring some of these things. And it's a great example of what we're doing with Flex in particular. We're doing these things because our customers get a much more instant on self-service like experience kind of more like an e-store experience from all their transactions. But they also get the added bonus of support that local and connected to them through their VARs. They get service and other types of supports from their VARs locally. It also allows us to really get a lot of visibility about what their usage patterns are, how they're using the product, and then also share that visibility with our partners and other people so that we can understand these customers better. So, there's lots of great things about it. But more importantly, rolling out kind of changes like that and exploring these kinds of new models and something like Flex, which is a lower volume offering right now, those doing quite well, gives us a lot of opportunity to learn a lot of things and work through a lot of things. Debbie, why don't you talk specifically about some of the things that we've been learning from Flex as we've been working through all of these new transaction models.
Debbie Clifford: Sure. Yes. So, as Andrew mentioned, we launched this Flex agency model in Q1. We have learned a lot. Some of the things that we've been learning are things like the importance of driving a seamless vendor setup process. These are situations where customers will have to set up Autodesk as a vendor as opposed to a partner. We're getting insights and learnings around -- by having access to more data, and we're able to better forecast with having that access to better data. So, like Andrew mentioned, as with anything in this area, we're focused on testing and learning as we go. We want to make sure that we have scalable processes for all stakeholders and the ecosystem, and we'll continue to keep doing that.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. As follow-up, Debbie, at the meeting two months ago in your slide with regard to double-digit growth or what you called sustainable double-digit growth, you had eight different line items referring to volume as component of your growth. When you look out over the balance of the year, what do you think might be of those perhaps the two or three most important volume drivers to the business?
Debbie Clifford: That's an excellent question, Jay. I mean, the view that I talked about from Investor Day hasn't changed much, granted our Investor Day wasn't very long ago, so that's a good thing. But we're going to be looking to continue to drive volume from all the different areas or growth vectors that we have. So, things like our investments in AEC, the proliferation of BIM, expansion and infrastructure, driving more growth from construction. I think what was interesting for us this quarter was really seeing continued strengthening of our renewal rate, because, ultimately, with higher renewal rates, that becomes a net volume driver for us. And that really goes down to the investments that we've been making in our customer success teams, who are really doing an excellent job of driving those renewal rates up, driving success with our customers, because that's a really important part of keeping the volume engine going at Autodesk. So, those are some initial thoughts, Jay.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Great. Thank you, both.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Jay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Adam Borg of Stifel. Your line is open, Adam.
Adam Borg: Great, and thanks so much for taking the questions. Maybe for you, Andrew, I know at Analyst Day, you talked a lot about the broadening opportunity around serving the owner market and not just in conceptual design, but during operations. So, I know it's still early in this journey. Maybe you could share with us how that message is resonating and as you look to expand into AEC and obviously [indiscernible]?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So the way -- the vector that we have into that space right now is through Tandem. And the best way to talk about that is the increase in people using more modeling assets in Tandem and the monthly active usage rates that are going associated with that, we're starting to see very nice pickup with that. We're engaging with a series of owner-level customers on direct collaborations in terms of how Tandem serves some of their needs, where it has development requirements to serve some additional needs. So, we've got a lot of really good customer engagement, which is definitely where you'd expect to be at this point in the process. So, we're really happy with the progress here and we're happy with the level of engaging with Tandem. Tandem is getting a lot of visibility, a lot of interest and a lot of focus with owners, but also with people that serve owners that want digital twins and things associated with digital twins from, say, other types of vendors.
Adam Borg: That's really helpful. Thanks for that. And maybe, Debbie, as a quick follow-up. I think you've mentioned in the script about repurposing 250 roles in the quarter. Maybe you can provide a little bit more detail there? Thanks, again.
Debbie Clifford: Sure. So, uncertainty really just is the new normal. I think we're all living this. Since we last reported earnings, we've seen a bunch of stuff happen. There was a major regional bank crisis. We're seeing deadlock discussions about the debt ceiling in Congress. The Fed, just a few weeks ago, acknowledged that those things could have an impact on the economy, but so they didn't know how. We're in the same boat. But it's very important to us to deliver on our margin goal. So, it's against that backdrop that we're taking a prudent approach to how we manage the business, that means tightening the belt a bit. So, in Q1, we did some repurposing of roles to allow us to reinvest. And in Q2 and onward, we proactively taken steps to slow the pace of our hiring to ensure that we don't get ahead of ourselves on spend in light of this continued macro uncertainty. And we think that slowing spending earlier in the year provides more investment flexibility versus trying to slow spending later in the year. Again, our goal continues to be to set ourselves up for success since fiscal '24 and the long term.
Adam Borg: Excellent. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe Vruwink of Baird. Your question please, Joe.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Hi, everyone. Maybe just a bit of clarification on near-term performance and reconciling, just the comment. I think, leading indicators around product usage, that's fairly consistent. But then, the new sub growth decelerating in the Americas. I guess, normally, I think the leading indicators kind of predict that. So was this something around new subs that just kind of popped up in the quarter?
Andrew Anagnost: No, it was consistent with what we were seeing in our monthly active user trends. That's how the monthly active user trends are so good at predictive behavior. We kind of expected a slight decrease in velocity in the Americas and more of an increase in Europe. So, it's consistent with the indicators we see and it's consistent with the indicators moving forward as well.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. Great. Thanks for that. And then, just, I guess, I get the AI question. Just in terms of capabilities that already exist on the platform, thinking about things like Space Maker or the Generative Extension on Fusion, have you started to see kind of an uplift in interest just as more industries are studying adoption around AI? And is there anything you've seen to this point maybe specifically around video, media content where you start thinking about maybe changing product road maps, or all just based on kind of the pace of innovation that's coming out?
Andrew Anagnost: So, yes, first let's be very clear. We've been talking about AI for a long time, all right? And we've been building machine learning models into our application for a while now. So, there's already significant velocity inside of Autodesk conversations. What's changed is ChatGPT created a version of AI that everybody understood. So, we're all now having a common conversation about what AI can and cannot do and how it functions as a [indiscernible] or an assistant or a co-creator in these processes. So, make no bones about it, we've been working on these things for a while. This isn't a course and speed change for us. And I want to be super clear about that. Now, like I said, we've been in Construction IQ. Space Maker is no longer a product anymore, it's Forma now, which we rolled out, which even has more enhanced underpinnings or associated with machine learning. You probably -- if you follow what we do in our AI Lab, we published a lot of work on kind of fairly advanced things around large models and things that you can do with creating 3D models and representations using machine learning. So, we've been out there with this for a while. What it does allow us to do, it had a very meaningful customers about -- conversation with our customers about "Look, we've been telling you that this was going to be a cocreation technology. Take a look at what you're seeing out there with the large language models and the things that you're getting from OpenAI and see how this kind of can be evolved to creating 3D building information models, more complex models, complex design, sustainability decisions, optionality, all the things associated in some of the things you're seeing inside of Forma." So, the customers now get it. They kind of get the connection between what we're doing and what we said it was going to do in the future, because there's an example here that everybody understands. And I think that's super powerful. So, it's current course and speed for us. We're going to be probably speeding up a little bit on some of our work with more larger and complex models, but this is something we've been doing for a while.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. Thank you, Andrew.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Funk of Bank of America. Your line is open, Michael.
Michael Funk: Yes, thank you for the questions. So, Debbie, you mentioned you highlighted the slowing sub growth and usage has been strong. Can you help me understand the relationship if any between those two? And is the sub growth simply a factor of customers tightening their belts more due to the uncertain macro that you highlighted a few times, or is there some other -- something else behind that?
Debbie Clifford: Yes, thanks. So, the biggest factor driving the sub growth that we saw in Q1 was actually the end of sale of the multi-year upfront contracts. So, Andrew mentioned it at the top of this Q&A session, but remember that the demand pattern that we saw during the quarter was impacted by that end of sale. Before the launch, we saw higher volume. And then, post launch, demand was lighter. That's typical of what we see when we launch programs like this to the market. But what it meant was that, on a net basis, the new piece of our business decelerated as we headed out of the quarter. So, Andrew also mentioned that over the last several weeks in May, we've seen that demand bounce back a bit. And it's generally in line with our expectations at this point.
Michael Funk: Okay. Great. And then one more. Debbie, you also mentioned tailwind in second half, one being the EBA renewal pattern, adoption and usage has been strong there, I think you noted. Can you give us some more detail just on the moving pieces around the EBA renewals? Is it contract changes, pricing changes, what will be driving that tailwind in the second half of the year around the renewals?
Debbie Clifford: Sure. So, maybe I'll just take a step back and talk about revenue linearity overall and then double click a bit into EBAs. So, to recap, we're expecting revenue growth deceleration in Q2, followed by growth acceleration in the back half of the year that's consistent with historical seasonal patterns for Autodesk. And it was built into our annual guidance from the start. When we look at things by quarter, in Q2, we have the peak of FX and Russia and their drag on revenue growth. In the second half, the negative impact from exiting Russia goes away, and that drag from FX reduces as the year progresses. And then, we have that big cohort of EBAs, particularly in Q4, those are deals that renewed three years ago, at the beginning of the pandemic, where subsequent adoption and usage have been strong. And it's that deal flow that drives that seasonal growth acceleration primarily in Q4. We thought -- you can go back and look at our opening commentary back in fiscal '21 for Q4 where we talked a bit about those deals they tended to be in the auto space. And so, we're anticipating that those deals will come through and we think the fact that they've had good adoption and usage is a good indicator that we're going to see that behavior happen in Q4 as expected. So, overall, I mean, our business, the momentum is pretty consistent with what we've seen for a while here now and the assumptions that we have embedded in our guidance reflect, but we've been seeing for a while and we remain on track to achieve our full year financial goals. And I can't reiterate enough that we continue to try and set ourselves up for success in fiscal '24 and beyond.
Michael Funk: Great. Thank you for the questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Hedberg of RBC. Your line is open, Matt.
Matt Hedberg: Great. Thanks for taking my questions, guys. Andrew, in your prepared remarks, you talked a lot about AEC and obviously construction. This is an area obviously as we all know that's been sort of laggard to adopt SaaS and cloud. Can you talk about sort of where we're at in this evolution? The pandemic is behind us now, I think. But like, are you starting to see some of these field workers, some of the folks that are sort of like behind the scenes on construction starting to sort of embrace the technology more so? Is it a generational thing? Just any sort of like incremental sort of catalyst for further construction cloud adoption?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, it's a good question the way you phrased that around incremental catalysts. I think actually the rising adoption is becoming its own catalysts in many respect. I mean, obviously, we're continuing to see good growth in construction. We're seeing solid adoption. We're seeing really significant adoption in our EBA account. And adoption tends to lead to more adoption, because the people who adopt these technologies and start using these technologies on a regular basis tend to have higher bid precision, higher bid accuracy, tend to be able to execute more effectively during the projects, manage cost better and all things associated with that. And that's a flywheel effect, because if you're better able to manage the cost of the project, you're better able to estimate the next project, bid on that project and win an envelope that preserves your margins. So that is kind of the biggest thing that's going on right now out there in the industry is the flywheel effect. There's no kind of generational catalyst that's yet coming in here. But I will tell you there's one other thing that's persistently out there that's driving people to look towards technology, and it's they can't hire people, all right? More and more, they are not able to fully staff their sites and their jobs to the level that they were in the past. So, they need these productivity gains from technology. And it's between that and the flywheel of competition, there's kind of a momentum here that I don't see slowing down.
Matt Hedberg: Super insightful. No, that's great. Thanks again for the time tonight, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tyler Radke of Citi. Please go ahead, Tyler.
Tyler Radke: Yes, thanks for taking the question. So, just a couple of questions on the indicators that you saw in the quarter. Andrew, you talked about bid activity at record levels in BuildingConnected. I guess, should we be thinking about that as a sign of health in the end markets or more of a function of buildings connected, strong competitive position and digitization tailwinds? And then, just curious if you could talk about the slowdown in new subscriptions or deceleration that you saw. Was that more on the AEC side or any end market or where -- the segment where you saw that?
Andrew Anagnost: Okay. So, let me address the next part of the question. Kind of the answer to your BuildingConnected question kind of both, all right? BuildingConnected certainly active. There's lots of activity going on there. But remember, it's the trend that matters. So, if the trends continue to indicate a large degree of bid activity, that means there's a large degree of bid activity out in the ecosystem. And what also is important to recognize is, our customers and especially in the AEC land, they're still working through backlogs. I mean, every customer I talk to has the same issue or same opportunity, however you want to look at it, that they still have to work through their backlog, they're still having trouble getting enough people to get the projects moving at the right kind of pace and so on and so forth. So there's still a backlog out there. But the trend on bid activity is real and it absolutely represents what's going on in the U.S. market in particular. Now with regards to deceleration and rebound in Q2 around volume, there was no hotspot, right? It was kind of uniformly the same across the board, right? So, it was more kind of dynamics of the business rather than any kind of particular hotspot.
Tyler Radke: Great. And then, just on the EBA renewals for the second half, are you expecting those to renew at kind of the typical net expansion rate that you see for the broader company? Or are you expecting anything different just given the environment?
Andrew Anagnost: Well, I mean, I'll let Debbie follow-up on this. But one of the things that she highlighted was that a lot of these EBAs that are coming due were ones that were renewed during the pandemic at a time where there was downward pressure on their activity and their usage and [indiscernible], things have obviously changed significantly since then. So, Debbie, do you want to comment on kind of the average relative difference within -- with these cohort versus [direct to] (ph) company?
Debbie Clifford: Yes, I mean, I would say that in terms of what we're baking into our guidance, we're assuming that these customers renew at reasonable levels. I'm not going to get into more specifics beyond that. What's key is that they renew and we feel good about that happening given the fact that there has been high adoption and usage across these EBAs. It's a big cohort for us. We saw that performance back in fiscal '21. It was also an equally unusual economic time at that point. And so, I don't see this situation as any different. I think we've set the guidance at a reasonable point.
Tyler Radke: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Bhavin Shah of Deutsche Bank. Your question please, Bhavin.
Bhavin Shah: Great. Thanks for taking my question. Andrew, just given what's going on with the debt ceiling, any sort of impact that we should think about regarding federal deals and the pace of that business? And then, kind of related point, can you give us an update on where we are into the FedRAMP Moderate for Docs and BIM 360, Collaborate Pro?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So let me talk a little bit about [FedRAMP] (ph) here. So we've submitted all our paperwork. Our systems are ready. Autodesk systems are already for FedRAMP. We're just waiting for the government to come back and give us the approval and move forward. So, that's all proceeding ahead for us. We're waiting for the government to respond now at this point. With regards to the debt ceiling, I'm not really going to speculate on the debt ceiling. I would say that I think the things that impact us are bipartisan priorities. These are things that both parties want. Infrastructure and the things associated with that, they all want this. So, I would suspect the things that matter a lot to Autodesk and to Autodesk business are probably not going to be impacted by all the activity going on in D.C. right now.
Bhavin Shah: Helpful there. And then just maybe a quick pivot to Construction Cloud. I know you talked a little bit about combining sales [within organization] (ph). Can you just maybe elaborate on some of the assumptions in terms of what you're expecting in terms of disruption, for how long? And then maybe when should that [be merged] (ph) and drive better performance in productivity?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So, first, let me kind of clarify exactly what we did. So, we merged the independent construction team with the mainline sales team inside the company. And we had kind of a few goals in mind there. One, we wanted to get a little bit more emphasis on the territory business that covers all of our business. And we wanted to make sure that we were focused not only on pure construction accounts, but design and construction accounts where we actually have pretty significant competitive advantage and there's a lot of opportunity. So this just kind of sharpened the pencil on kind of pursuing those opportunities in kind of a concerted way and kind of getting all the energy behind one effort. And we're pretty confident that, that's exactly what we're going to get. But of course, when you do that, sales reps get new accounts, people get moved from accounts, so they'll get new responsibilities. So it creates a little bit of short-term disruption. We absolutely expect that to work its way out over the next quarter or two. And we expect it to kind of compound benefits from doing us moving forward.
Bhavin Shah: Makes a great sense. Thanks for taking my questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa of JPMorgan. Your question please, Steve.
Steve Tusa: Hey, guys. Good evening. The -- just if we were to see a continued decline in the things like the ABI or kind of an isolated decline in new office markets, if you will, can you just remind us of, is that even a big enough exposure to matter for you guys? Or just kind of remind us what part of your business is exposed to those trends just on the macro. And then secondly, if I just do the simple math on half-over-half free cash flow, that implies negative free cash flow for the second quarter to get it back to the half of the year. Is that kind of the right construct? Thanks.
Andrew Anagnost: I'll let Debbie answer the second half of that, but let me talk more broadly about what's going on in the AEC sector. With everything in these sectors, there's always puts and takes, right? And what you see is one sector sees some kind of decline in activity, nobody is building new office buildings or whatever. And in other cases, some people are seeing increases in activity. And that's exactly what we're seeing. I'll give you a classic example of what goes on in this environment. So, people are pulling back from office space right now, pretty significantly downsizing their offices. And as a result, what's happening is that there's more competition for getting people to sign leases for new office space. So what that's leading to is a kind of modernization of office space to accommodate new ways of working or to attract the best renters. And people are spending money on that, which is offsetting money being spent in other places. And we've taken all of this into account as we look forward into our business throughout the year. So that kind of gives you a sense for how billings shift around and how money moves around and what our relative sensitivity as to some of these things. A lot of these indicators you talked about, they kind of tell you what's already happened, not what's going to happen necessarily. That's why we like to pay attention to kind of our leading indicators around monthly active usage of the products. Now, I'll turn it over to Debbie to discuss the other part of your question.
Debbie Clifford: Yes, in terms of free cash flow, I'm not going to get into specific guidance by quarter, but I would say directionally, I think you're thinking about it in a reasonable way. And just to recap some of the things, remember, with the tax payment extension to Q3, we'll have a negative also in Q3. And some of the things that I outlined in terms of the linearity of free cash flow on the year are the things that you should be thinking about. So, I recommend going back and listening to some of those points because that will help you model free cash flow by quarter.
Steve Tusa: Yes, great. Thanks for the details. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty of MoffettNathanson. Your question please, Sterling.
Sterling Auty: Yes, thanks. Hi, guys. So, just wondering, given the comments about the second half acceleration, does that mean that you're expecting the peak of the macro impact to really hit next quarter? Or is some of that acceleration more just due to improvement in Autodesk execution based on some of the changes that you had mentioned during the prepared remarks?
Debbie Clifford: So, Sterling, what I would say is we're not assuming any peak or trough in macro. We have a range for our guidance in our 7% to 9% range for revenue. We have the ability to address whatever macroeconomic situation that we see. And what we saw in Q1 was consistent with our general expectations on the year, and we've continued those expectations as we think about our outlook for the rest of the year. And you can see that our outlook is in line. What's really driving the change in linearity in our revenue growth is some of the things that I talked about, so seasonality, the acceleration that we expect from EBAs in the back half of the year, the impact from FX, and not having the drag from the exit of Russia anymore. So it's more about those things than it is about any fundamental underlying changes in our assumptions related to macro.
Sterling Auty: That makes sense. And then Andrew, one for you. When you think about the long-term opportunity for generative AI, LLMs, conversational interfaces, et cetera. Do you view this as something that's going to ultimately raise the ARPU and/or prices for Autodesk solutions, given the additional value add? Or is it going to be more differentiation at the current price levels just so you can drive more market share?
Andrew Anagnost: I think it's going to be a little bit of both, all right? In some cases, we're going to be delivering significantly more value to certain types of customers and we expect to charge for that value. In other cases, it's going to be a massive productivity enhancement for customers, and those customers are going to use that productivity to get more business, increase their book of business and it will be a competitive advantage for Autodesk. So it's a little bit of a mix of both, all right? But either way, we're going to be helping customers be a lot more efficient in one area and be much more creative in other areas in terms of designing what they need to do and how they need to design things.
Sterling Auty: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And that is all the time we have for Q&A today. I would now like to turn the conference back to Simon Mays-Smith for closing remarks. Sir?
Simon Mays-Smith: Thank you, Latif, and thanks, everyone, for joining us on the call. We look forward to catching up with you next quarter. If you have any questions, please just e-mail us on simon@autodesk.com. Latif, back to you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q4  (2023-02-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by and welcome to the Autodesk Fourth Quarter and Full Year Fiscal 2023 Results Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions].  I would now like to hand the call over to Simon Mays-Smith, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Simon Mays-Smith: Thanks, operator, and good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss our fourth quarter and full year fiscal ’23 results. On the line with me are Andrew Anagnost, our CEO; and Debbie Clifford, our CFO. Today’s conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. You can find the earnings press release, slide presentation and transcript of today’s opening commentary on our Investor Relations website following this call. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements about our outlook, future results and related assumptions, acquisitions, products and product capabilities and strategies. These statements reflect our best judgment based on currently known factors. Actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to our SEC filings including our most recent Form 10-Q and the 10-K and the Form 8-K filed with today’s press release for important risk factors and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those in our forward-looking statements.  Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. During the call, we will quote several numerical growth changes as we discuss our financial performance. Unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. All non-GAAP numbers referenced in today’s call are reconciled in our press release or XL Financials and other supplemental materials available on our Investor Relations website. And now, I will turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Simon, and welcome everyone to the call. Autodesk’s strong financial and competitive performance in fiscal 2023, despite macroeconomic, policy, geopolitical and pandemic headwinds, is a testament to three enduring strengths: resilience, opportunity, and discipline. While we fell short of the fiscal ‘23 goals we set in 2016, our resilient business model and geographic, product, and customer diversification enabled us to deliver strong growth and report record fourth quarter and full-year revenue, GAAP and non-GAAP operating margin, and free cash flow. The sum of our revenue growth and free cash flow margin, a hallmark of the most valuable companies in the world, was 55% for the year. As we deliver next-generation technology and services to our customers, the transformation within and between the industries we serve will accelerate, generating significant new growth opportunities for Autodesk. We started seeing the shift towards connected digital workflows in the cloud in product design and manufacturing, then in architecture, followed by building engineering, and more recently construction. And we are now seeing growing momentum with owners.  For example, in Q4 our partner, BLAM BIM, Launch Alliance, was selected by a consortium of 20 U.S. states, led by the Iowa Department of Transportation, to facilitate the migration from legacy 2D project delivery processes to data-rich BIM delivery processes, which are more efficient and sustainable. In anticipation of this, the Departments of Transportation involved are also completely reimagining project delivery and developing open standards for all infrastructure projects. Together, these 20 states encompass more than 60% of the U.S. population. Over time, we expect more states and more owners across the globe to connect more workflows in the cloud.  Finally, our strategy is underpinned by disciplined and focused capital deployment through the economic cycle. This enables Autodesk to remain sufficiently well invested to realize significant benefits of its strategy while mitigating the risk of having to make expensive catch-up investments in the future. Of course, discipline and focus mean not only consistent investment, but also constant optimization to ensure investment levels remain proportionate and directed at our largest opportunities.  For example, Autodesk BIM Collaborate Pro for Civil 3D, which enables much more efficient collaboration on civil infrastructure projects, saw further significant enhancements in Q4. To support our work with public sector owners in the United States, Autodesk for Government expects to achieve FedRAMP Moderate Authorization soon, meaning that, through our partnership with the General Services Administration, customers will be able to start using our industry-leading cloud collaboration and document management tools that meet key security standards for U.S. Government projects.  I’m also pleased to report that Innovyze had a record quarter, driven by adoption in a growing proportion of our Enterprise accounts, which contributed over a million dollars in four deals. Infrastructure is but one part of an expanding opportunity for Autodesk. There are so many more, and we’ll tell you about them at our Investor Day on March 22. But you can see some of the fruits of that opportunity already. We signed our largest-ever EBA in the fourth quarter, encompassing more personas and connecting more workflows in the cloud to drive efficiency and sustainability. I will now turn the call over to Debbie to take you through our quarterly financial performance and guidance for the year. I’ll then come back to provide an update on our strategic growth initiatives.
Debbie Clifford: Thanks, Andrew. Our fourth quarter and full-year results were strong. Overall, the demand environment in Q4 remained consistent with Q3. The approaching transition from up-front to annual billings for multi-year contracts, and a large renewal cohort, provided a tailwind to billings and free cash flow. As Andrew mentioned, we continue to develop broader strategic partnerships with our customers and closed our largest deal to date during the quarter. The nine-digit deal is a multi-year commitment, billed annually, and did not have a meaningful impact on our financials during the quarter. Total revenue grew 9% as reported and 12% in constant currency, with subscription revenue growing by 11% as reported and 14% in constant currency. By product, AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT revenue grew 9% and AEC revenue grew 11%. Manufacturing revenue grew 4%, but was up mid-teens, excluding foreign exchange movements and upfront revenue. M&E revenue was down 10%. Recall that in Q4 last year, M&E won its largest-ever EBA, which included significant upfront revenue. Excluding up-front revenue, M&E grew 4%. Across the globe, revenue grew 13% in the Americas, 7% in EMEA and 4% in APAC. At constant exchange rates, EMEA and APAC grew 12% and 10%, respectively. Direct revenue increased 5% and represented 36% of total revenue. Strong underlying enterprise and e-commerce revenue growth was partly offset by foreign exchange movements and lower up-front revenue. Our product subscription renewal rates remained strong, and our net revenue retention rate remained comfortably within our 100% to 110% target range at constant exchange rates. Billings increased 28% to $2.1 billion, our first quarter over $2 billion, reflecting continued solid underlying demand and a tailwind from both our largest multi-year renewal cohort and the pending removal of the discount for multi-year contracts billed up front. Total deferred revenue grew 21% to $4.6 billion. Total RPO of $5.6 billion and current RPO of $3.5 billion grew 19% and 12%, respectively. About 2 percentage points of that current RPO growth was from early renewals. Turning to the P&L, non-GAAP gross margin remained broadly level at 92%. Non-GAAP operating margin increased by 1 percentage point to approximately 36%, with ongoing cost discipline partly offset by revenue growth headwinds from foreign exchange movements. For the fiscal year, non-GAAP operating margin increased by 4 percentage points, reflecting strong revenue growth and ongoing cost discipline. GAAP operating margin increased by 9 percentage points to approximately 21%. Recall in Q4 last year, we took a lease-related charge of approximately $100 million. That was part of our effort to reduce our real-estate footprint and to further our hybrid workforce strategy. For the fiscal year, GAAP operating margin increased by 6 percentage points. We delivered record free cash flow in the quarter and for the full year of more than $900 million and $2 billion, respectively, reflecting our strong billings growth. Turning to capital allocation, we continue to actively manage capital within our framework. As Andrew said, our strategy is underpinned by disciplined and focused capital deployment through the economic cycle. We will continue to offset dilution from our stock-based compensation program and to opportunistically accelerate repurchases when it makes sense. During Q4, we purchased 1.1 million shares for $210 million at an average price of approximately $193 per share. For the full year, we purchased 5.5 million shares for $1.1 billion at an average price of approximately $198 per share, and reduced total shares outstanding by 4 million.  We retired a $350-million bond in December. Recall that we effectively refinanced this bond in October 2021 at historically low rates when we issued our first sustainability bond. Our average bond duration is now almost seven years. Now, let me turn to guidance. Our strong finish to fiscal ‘23 sets us up well for the year ahead. Overall end-market demand in Q4 fiscal ‘23 remained broadly consistent with Q3 fiscal ‘23. Channel partners remained cautiously optimistic, usage rates grew modestly, excluding Russia and China, and bid activity on BuildingConnected remained robust. As we said last quarter, foreign exchange movements will be a headwind to revenue growth and margins in fiscal ‘24. We expect FX to be about a 4-percentage point drag on reported revenue. We continue to expect the absence of recognized deferred revenue from Russia will be about a 1 percentage point drag to revenue growth. As we’ve highlighted before, most recently on our Q3 earnings call, the switch from up-front to annual billings for most multi-year customers creates a significant headwind for free cash flow in fiscal ‘24 and a smaller headwind in fiscal ‘25. You can see the impact on fiscal ‘24 in slide eight of our earnings deck.  Change in deferred revenue increased fiscal 23 free cash flow by $790 million, but will reduce fiscal ‘24 free cash flow by approximately $300 million. The switch to annual billings for multi-year customers and a smaller multi-year renewal cohort are the key drivers of this $1.1 billion swing. The transition will also affect the linearity of free cash flow during the year, with Q1 fiscal ‘24 free cash flow benefiting from the strong billings in Q4 fiscal ‘23, and our largest billings quarters in the second half of the year proportionately more impacted by the switch to annual billings. While we expect many customers to switch to multi-year contracts billed annually, some may choose annual contracts instead. All else equal, if this were to occur, it would proportionately reduce the unbilled portion of our total remaining performance obligations and would negatively impact total RPO growth rates.  Deferred revenue, billings, current remaining performance obligations, revenue, margins, and free cash flow would remain broadly unchanged in this scenario.  Annual renewals create more opportunities for us to drive adoption and upsell, but are without the price lock embedded in multi-year contracts. We'll keep you updated on this as the year progresses. Our cash tax rate will return to a more normalized level of approximately 31% in fiscal ‘24, up from 25% in fiscal ‘23. We accrued significant tax assets as a result of the operating losses we generated during our business model transition. Growing profitability and, more recently, rising effective tax rates across the globe, have accelerated the consumption of those tax attributes. Absent changes in tax policy, we expect our cash tax rate to remain in a range around 31% for the foreseeable future. Putting that all together, we expect fiscal ‘24 revenues to be between $5.36 billion and $5.46 billion, up about 8% at the mid-point, or about 13% at constant exchange rates and excluding the impact from Russia. We expect non-GAAP operating margins to be similar to fiscal ‘23 levels with constant currency margin improvement offset by FX headwinds.  We expect free cash flow to be between $1.15 billion and $1.25 billion. The mid-point of that range, $1.2 billion, implies a 41 reduction in free cash flow compared to fiscal ‘23. As I outlined earlier, the key drivers of that reduction are: changes in long-term deferred revenue as a result of the shift to annual billings for multi-year customers and a smaller multi-year renewal cohort, FX, and our cash tax rate. The slide deck and Excel financials on our website have more details on fiscal ‘23 results and modeling assumptions for the full-year fiscal ‘24. At investor day, we’ll be looking beyond this year. As Andrew noted earlier, we remain in the relatively early innings of a transformational shift to the cloud to drive efficiency and sustainability. This is generating demand for cloud-based platforms and services, which break down the silos within and between the industries we serve.  Autodesk is uniquely well-positioned to seize these opportunities and we will continue to invest with discipline and focus to realize that growth potential. While our subscription business model and geographic, product, and customer diversification give us resilience when compared to many other companies, we’re mindful that generational macroeconomic, policy, geopolitical, climate, and health uncertainty make the world more volatile and less predictable than in the past. Our business will grow somewhat faster in less volatile environments and somewhat slower in more volatile environments. Finally, we're not just looking to have industry-leading growth although we often do. Nor are we just looking to have industry-leading margins, although we often do. On average and over time, we are looking to have an industry-leading balance between growth and margins. And we often do. We think this balance between compounding growth and strong free cash flow margins, captured in the rule-of-40 framework, is the hallmark of the most valuable companies in the world. And we intend to remain one of them. With all this in mind, our target planning parameters over the next several years will be to grow revenue in the 10% to 15% range and generate free cash flow margins in the 30% to 35% range with a goal of reaching a "Rule of 40" ratio of 45% or more over time. The path to that 45% ratio will not be linear given the drag in fiscals ‘24 and ‘25 to long-term deferred revenue and free cash flow from the shift to annual billings of multi-year contracts.  The rate of improvement will obviously also be somewhat determined by the macroeconomic backdrop. But, let me be clear, we’re managing the business to this metric and feel it strikes the right balance between driving top line growth and delivering on disciplined profit and cash flow growth. We intend to make meaningful steps over time toward achievement of this rule-of-45 goal, regardless of the macroeconomic backdrop. While macroeconomic and FX headwinds, along with sustained but disciplined investment in our products and platforms, will slow the rate of margin improvement, we continue to expect non-GAAP operating margins to be in the 38% to 40% range by fiscal ‘26, albeit more likely now in the lower half of that range. We continue to see scope for further margin growth thereafter.  GAAP margins will further benefit from stock-based compensation as a percent of revenue trending down towards 10% and beyond over time. Andrew, back to you.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Debbie. Our strategy is to transform the industries we serve with end-to-end, cloud-based solutions that drive efficiency and sustainability for our customers. We’ll tell you more about our long-term vision and plans at our investor day on March 22. But let me finish by updating you on our progress in the fourth quarter. We continued to see strong growth in AEC, fueled by customers consolidating on our solutions to connect previously siloed workflows in the cloud. Sweco, Europe's leading architecture and engineering consultancy, is connecting our portfolio of products, from Spacemaker and Revit to Autodesk Construction Cloud and Innovyze, to streamline everything from transport and energy usage to lighting and water flows to ensure better transparency through the project lifecycle. Sweco has a thriving sustainability practice. Its new digital service, Carbon Cost Compass, which is built on Autodesk Platform Services, helps its customers model and calculate the carbon footprint and cost of different types of buildings. For our construction customers, we continue to benefit from our complete end-to-end BIM solutions which encompass design, preconstruction and field execution.  In Q4, a mid-market general contractor in California, specializing in design-build projects, chose to replace a competitive project management offering with Autodesk Build as it looked to improve integration further and minimize conflict with their design processes. While highlighting Build’s cost management functionality as a differentiator, the customer ultimately chose Autodesk because of our long-standing and trusted partnership and shared vision on the future of construction. We continue to make excellent progress on our strategic initiatives which is driving accelerating adoption of Autodesk Construction Cloud. We added almost a thousand new logos again, drove continued rapid growth in Autodesk Build’s MAUs, and generated 3x quarter-on-quarter growth in our construction bundles, which combine multiple Autodesk Construction Cloud solutions and enable customers to standardize more rapidly on one platform.  Outside the U.S., enabling our international channel partners to sell our construction portfolio continues to drive strong growth. We still see strong growth potential in construction and Autodesk remains uniquely well positioned to capture it. In manufacturing, Tata Steel, one of the world’s leading steel manufacturers, has used our solutions to increase efficiency and reduce costs in setting up new operations. To optimize effectively between its equipment, civil, structural, and plant infrastructure teams, Tata Steel uses Autodesk AEC and Manufacturing collections and Vault. Through the integration of data from various vendors on a single platform, Tata Steel leverages simulation and clash detection in a virtual environment, eliminating potential conflicts that can have a huge impact if they occur during physical installation. In Automotive, we continue to strengthen and expand our partnerships, both within and beyond the design studio, as OEMs transform and connect factories. A leading manufacturer in the U.S. expanded its EBA in Q4, leveraging the cutting-edge visualization technology in VRED Pro to more effectively process executive design reviews and reach final designs more quickly. Autodesk is now partnering with the customer as it renovates its factories for its new fleet of electric vehicles, ensuring it controls the construction flow and owns its own data by standardizing on Autodesk Construction Cloud. Customers are also beginning to merge their design, manufacturing and production management workflows with Fusion and Prodsmart. In Q4, a manufacturer based in the U.K., which has more than doubled in size in the last 18 months, switched from a competitor’s CAD tool to Fusion 360 and extensions for its integrated CAD and CAM capabilities. With Prodsmart as part of its connected platform, the customer can instantly generate a bill of materials after creating a design and link directly to inventories, eliminating tedious work and saving time for higher-value opportunities. We ended the quarter with 223,000 Fusion 360 subscribers, a number which does not include extensions where units increased more than 100% year-over-year. During the quarter, we launched the Signal Integrity Extension for Fusion, powered by Ansys, which enables designers to analyze their PCB electromagnetic performance, ensure compliant products and power a faster development cycle at lower costs.  We continue to see strength in PLM, signing our largest-ever cloud data management deal and growing more than 30 percent in the quarter.  In education, leading universities continue to modernize their courses ensuring students will learn the in-demand skills of the future. At Northumbria University, the prestigious “Design for Industry” program's students are now choosing to use Fusion 360 within their design process and across many of their modules along with real-world live projects led by industry partners. Their switch is primarily down to its ease of use and cross platform availability. While our software remains free for educators and students, tomorrow's design leaders are bringing Fusion 360 to new and established manufacturers. We will continue to evolve our business model offerings to match customer needs and enable users to participate in our ecosystem more productively. For example, a European manufacturer which operates in over 100 countries and six R&D facilities worldwide, transitioned to our Named User model with Premium Plan providing enhanced security from single sign-on and improved efficiency from 24/7 technical support.  Our partners at Mensch and Maschine supported the transition with detailed knowledge and analysis of the customer usage behavior, resulting in an optimized flex token package for its occasional users; providing them with ongoing software access without requiring a full-time subscription. And finally, we continue to work with non-compliant users to find flexible and compliant solutions that ensure they have access to the most current and secure software. During the quarter, we closed nine deals over $1 million and 23 deals over $500,000 with our license compliance initiatives. Returning to where I started – resilience, opportunity, and discipline were important contributors to our fiscal ‘23 results and will remain the key drivers of our future success. We’re excited to share our plans with you at our investor day on March 22. Operator, we would now like to open the call up for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Saket Kalia of Barclays. Your question please, Saket.
Saket Kalia: Okay, great. Good afternoon guys. Thanks for taking my questions here. Debbie, maybe for you. I was wondering if you could just give us a little bit more context about how you're thinking about fiscal '24 and beyond from a guidance perspective?
Debbie Clifford: Sure. Thanks, Saket. So first, the overall demand environment in Q4 was relatively consistent with what we saw in Q3. If I drill first into the specifics on the guide for billings, of course, we have multiyear to annual billings transition, that's creating a headwind as expected. The transition doesn't have an impact on revenue. It's just a change in billings frequency.  On revenue, as we outlined last quarter, we're seeing a negative impact from FX and the Russia exit. Together, that represents 5 points of headwind to growth. If we normalize for that, the revenue growth range would be in the low teens.  On margin, we're managing the flat margins on an as-reported basis year-over-year. That's consistent with what we said on the last call. We have a strong balance sheet. We have conviction in our strategy. So we want to continue to invest during the cycle so that we can maintain our momentum, but not so much so that we see a detriment to our margin outlook. And I want to point out that our margin guide on a constant currency basis represents improvement year-on-year.  And then finally, on cash flow, the headwind to billings from the transition to annual billings has a downstream effect on cash flow, of course. As I mentioned in the opening commentary, the swing in long-term deferred revenue is having a negative impact of around $1.1 billion to $1.1 billion to fiscal '24 cash flow. That headwind is driven primarily by that switch to annual billings for multiyear customers.  And if we take that with other factors like a lower multiyear renewal cohort and higher cash taxes, we get to that $1.2 billion guidance midpoint. Our goal is to set ourselves up for success in fiscal '24 and for the long-term. And it's that same sort of thinking that's driving how we're thinking about the longer-term financial model. On revenue, our target planning range of 10% to 15%, it remains in that double-digit territory. On margin, we're targeting a margin in the 38% to 40% range in the fiscal '23 to '26 window. But we said that because of the macro and FX headwinds that we're seeing, we think it's more likely now that it's going to be in the lower half of that range. And then on cash flow, we'll still work towards double-digit CAGR growth through fiscal '26, but it looks less likely though, given the impact of cash taxes, FX volatility and a stronger-than-expected fiscal '23 finish. As we look ahead, we're focused on managing the business to a Rule of 45 ratio or better, which after we get through this multiyear to annual billings transition, we think strikes the right balance between driving top line growth and delivering on disciplined profit and cash flow.
Saket Kalia: Got it. Got it. That's very helpful. Maybe a follow-up for you, Debbie, if I may. I guess now that the fiscal 2024 has finally arrived, if you will. Could you just maybe walk through a little bit of detail just on that impact of switching from upfront to annual billings for those multiyear contracts?
Debbie Clifford: Yes. It has finally arrived. It's nice to finally be having these conversations, Saket. So the transition to annual billings, the rollout is happening on schedule, our systems will be ready. We're assuming that we sell multiyear upfront through March 27. And then at the March 28 go-live that we only sell multiyear with annual billing terms in mature countries for our platinum and gold partners. That represents a significant majority of the eligible population. There's going to be some remaining multiyear upfront in the forecast beyond March 27. That's going to be coming primarily from eStore and emerging countries, but it's relatively small in comparison to the volume that we saw in fiscal '23. And as we move those populations to annual billings, we'll see a follow-on headwind to free cash flow in fiscal '25. It's consistent with what I said in the opening commentary that the past is not going to be linear. We're assuming that the same proportion of our business that's been multiyear remains multiyear. We think that the price lock that you get in a multiyear contract will entice our customers to continue to buy multiyear, especially in the inflationary environment that we're in. But of course, it's possible that some of our customers choose annual contracts rather than multiyear contracts with annual billings. That wouldn't impact billings or most other financial metrics in fiscal '24, but it would negatively impact the total RPO growth rate. At the end of the day, it's a win-win for us. If our customers choose to go with annual contracts, it gives us an opportunity to engage with them upon renewal to drive adoption and upsell and our renewal rates are strong. So this is something we'll keep you posted on as the year progresses.
Saket Kalia: Got it. Very clear. Looking forward to the Analyst Day, guys. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities. Your line is open, Jay. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. Andrew, let me start with you. Your 10-Q for the third quarter had some new and intriguing language with regard to how you foresee the evolution of your sales model, specifically, your relationship with VARs and VADs and there's a lot of complexities in the language there.  So perhaps you could talk about how you envision the evolution of your business in terms of the operational or fulfillment or license management effects that you foresee over time or the margin effects over time. And where you think your sales mix ultimately goes over the next number of years in terms of direct versus indirect? Then a follow-up.
Andrew Anagnost: Okay. Great. So I like the way you highlighted. This is an evolution. We've been evolving in a particular direction over time. Obviously, several years back, I talked about the 50-50 mix of direct and indirect and we've been driving a lot of growth in direct channels. We've been driving a lot of growth in direct enterprise business, and all of these things kind of like weave together into a longer-term plan. And now what you're seeing is doing is we're driving a lot more direct engagement with some of our value-added resellers. So some of the changes that you saw in there are preset staging more and more direct engagement with our value-added resellers and less, but smaller engagements and fewer engagements between intermediates and our value-added resellers, which makes total sense between the systems evolutions we've been executing on in the direction we're going. So long-term, we're still driving towards that same type of balance that we've been talking about. But as our systems improve, we're looking for different types of engagement models with our value-added reseller channel.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Second question, the slide deck gives us the annual update on your installed base of subscription. The net increase was about $600,000 for the year, net of trade-ins. Looking ahead, how does your long-term growth model foresee the contribution of volume growth and particularly the effect as well of improving the richness of the mix, perhaps to more collections and so forth? And perhaps by end market. When you think about manufacturing, that volume looks like it's maybe 10th of your net new volume per year. So you have a lot of volume that has to come from other segments outside of manufacturing. So perhaps you could talk about that.
Debbie Clifford: Sure, I'll take that one, Jay. So we start at the top. Yes, subscriptions grew in a healthy way. I just want to remind, however, that there's a lot of variability in that metric, given that we have such a wide diversity of business models in play, things like Flex, EBAs, accounts pricing and so on and so forth. So it does make it less and less of a relevant metric for us to manage business performance. We're more focused on new and renewal ACV. They both posted solid growth in Q4. As we think about new ACV. That's the proxy for, I think, the spirit of your question. We generated across both volume and also stronger unit economics, things like price mix and partner margins. In general, historically, we've seen it come from roughly equally across those sources, and it kind of flexes up or down depending on the demand environment that we're in.  We could see some puts and takes like when COVID hit, we saw more growth from volume because volume versus price because we were more sensitive to price increases at the time that the pandemic hit. And then obviously, when we're in a situation where we change prices at all, we might see more growth coming from price. But all in all, as we think about achieving some of the long-term growth parameters that I talked about, we're thinking about it as a roughly equal split across volume, price mix, ASP over time. Andrew, did you want to comment on the segment?
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks. Jay, your comment on statements, all right? As you know, and I know you're aware, as we look at the various segments you do business in, we're moving in a situation where we're getting deeply entrenched in both the design and make side of our customers' business. So we also pay attention to the fact that even within manufacturing and AEC and all these things, we're going to be adding a lot more subscribers in some of the downstream processes in other parts of the process, which is going to be an important engine even within some of the segments that you discussed. And I know you're aware of that. I just wanted to reinforce it a little bit.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Very good. Thank you, both. 
Operator: Our next question comes on the line of Adam Borg of Stifel. Your question please, Adam.
Adam Borg: Great. Thanks so much, for taking the question. Maybe Andrew, on Innovyze, it was interesting to hear and great to hear about the record quarter. We picked up some growing traction in our check. I'd love to hear a little bit more about what's driving this and where we are in the migration more broadly to subscription, given its more legacy business model? And then I have a follow-up.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So it's very early in the migration. But in general, Innovyze had a record quarter. And the biggest thing that was driving some of that record growth is that now Innovyze can be incorporated into a lot of our enterprise business agreements and in some of our engagement with our largest accounts. And guess what, there's a hunger for the solution. So there's a lot more direct engagement with customers around Innovyze that's really propelling the growth right now. We're still very much in the early stages of activating our channel. So we've activated our major accounts team, and we're still working to activate our channel. And the subscription transition, super early stages just starting, and that we'll give you updates on that as time goes on.
Adam Borg: Maybe just a quick follow-up on the macro. You guys are clear that things seem to be consistent quarter-over-quarter. I'd love to maybe just try go down one step deeper. Any observations around customers switching more to point solutions from collections or anything around RT or perhaps even more interest in Flex given the macro? Thanks so much.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So actually, there's pretty consistent customer behavior across segments and sizes of customers. So there's not any kind of switching behavior or downgrading behavior. And Flex tends to be to a large measure, and its very early days with Flex, tends to be incremental to our business rather than detrimental to our business. So in general, we're not seeing any kind of changes in mix as things go on. I will say, from a segment perspective, while all the segments grew, our larger customers grew faster than our smaller ones, but everybody was growing.
Adam Borg: Great. Thanks again.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Vruwink of RW Baird. Your line is open, Joe. 
Joseph Vruwink: I wanted to go back and give more detail on what you're doing with the public sector around project delivery. And I guess I'm curious how this compares to the evolution of the commercial side of your business. So maybe the analogy use, I think, BIM360 launched and 2012, and we got Construction Cloud in 2019 and here we are today is what you're announcing now or kind of the conversations you're having in the public space with owners it closer to 2012? Or is it kind of further along and has the potential to progress more quickly?
Andrew Anagnost: Joe, I think that's a very astute question. And I think you're pointing to some of the important things about what we're doing with public sector in general. You probably noticed in the opening commentary, our comments about FedRAMP things associated with that. All of these things, FedRAMP, are engagement with the infrastructure partner and DOTs that I talked about in the opening communicator, all of these are part and parcel of laying the groundwork for more and more modernization inside of these department of transportation and larger owners in terms of infrastructure, federal owners, European owners as well. All of that will continue to build out in a way very similar to what you described in terms of entering into construction. It's a longer-term play. It will take time. So it's still early innings in all of these things. But you can see increasing activity specifications coming out more and more within the Department of Transportation community and a desire to modernize the stacks. And that's a big push right now. A lot of these DOTs they're stuck in a different era of software and solutions, and they're looking to modernize and this isn't just true in the U.S. It's also true in Europe. We're engaging in more and more discussions with countries in the European Union about some of the BIM standards they're trying to drive into their infrastructure projects. And that's going to have a compounding effect on how people want to engage with different kinds of solutions in the infrastructure space, but still early journey.
Joseph Vruwink: Yes, great. That's helpful. And then, just on the 10% to 15% growth parameter, I guess, as I think about the backdrop in fiscal 2024, I wouldn't label it as easy. And yet the guidance, I think, calls for something closer to 12% organic. So I guess the question is what happens incrementally in kind of a planning scenario relative to a challenging backdrop in 2024, where 10% type growth becomes a plausible outcome?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So look, first off, let's comment about how resilient our business is and how we demonstrate that resilience over the last few years. We believe we've put everything in the right kind of scope, and we've aligned things pretty carefully. If we saw an environment where we saw downward pressure on our margin expectations for the year, we have levers within the company that we can pull that has nothing to do with layoffs or any of the things you're seeing in the rest of the tech sector that we could pull to ensure that we hit those targets. So we feel pretty confident about what we've laid out and how we could hit it even if there were changes in the economic environment. Debbie, do you want to add some commentary?
Debbie Clifford: Yes, sure. A couple of things I would say. First, overall, I mean, we're watching the macro backdrop closely, and I said that it was broadly unchanged. Europe was a bit better or U.S., a bit worse. Asia, about the same. So overall, on the whole, the demand environment was broadly similar. We've reflected all of that into our guidance. The leading indicators remain strong. And another way to think about it would be that if you look at revenue, the implied growth rate in Q4 of our fiscal '23 is 9%. If you extend that into fiscal '24 at another point of currency headwind, you're squarely at the guidance midpoint for fiscal '24. So we're kind of already at that rate. And we feel comfortable with the guidance that we've set.
Joseph Vruwink: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Funk of Bank of America. Your question please, Michael
Michael Funk: Yes. Thank you for questions today. A couple if I could. So First, the noncompliant transition during the quarter was greater than we expected, a very strong rate. Just curious to kind of change in push versus pull strategy there? And then how additive type of growth that might be in fiscal '24 and beyond?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So there's no change in our approach to non-compliance, right? As I've said in many times, and I want to keep reinforcing, we continue to develop efficiencies. We continue to be able to identify to higher precision, who is actually non-compliant and who actually isn't and we're building up a steady base of business as we move forward. But we're not looking to accelerate it or push it harder or drive it in any particular direction.  We're just allowing it to be kind of a steady incremental growth engine within our business and kind of continue to deliver year after year after year. And that will continue to be our strategy. One, we think it's the right thing to do for the company, the right thing to do for our customers. It gives our customers time to get themselves compliant because just the fact that we're out there engaged in compliance activity encourages people to ask themselves if they should be compliant there's other business levers here. And the more carefully we do this and the more incrementally, we do this, the better the outcome is for the entire ecosystem.  So no real change in how we're approaching that.
Michael Funk: And then Debbie, you mentioned that the inflationary environment might affect how customers think about the shift for multiyear to annual. Just curious if the rising rate environment affects how you think about that shift from upfront payment for multiyear to annual bill. Does it change the math for you?
Debbie Clifford: It doesn't in any meaningful way, as I said. It's really a win-win for us because with annual contracts, we get an opportunity to engage with our customers upon renewal to drive upsell and make sure that there is adoption. Obviously, with a price lock and our customers signing on the multiyear contracts, we have a 100% renewal rate in any given period, but there's less of that opportunity to engage. So from our standpoint, it's a win-win.
Michael Funk: Great. Thank you, both.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Hedberg of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead, Matt.
Matthew Hedberg: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Andrew, kind of a high-level one for you. You guys have been focused on generative design for a while now. And with all the news on AI recently, I'm wondering if you can kind of give us your perspective on how Autodesk plans to leverage AI and sort of the impact on design?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So ChatGPT has obviously given a massive amount of validation to the potential of AI. It is a particular horizontal solution, and we intend to leverage that horizontal solution in some of our solutions. In fact, you're probably aware that Microsoft and Satya Nadela himself demoed a natural language processing tool for generating manuscripts for both direct to my and for Fios, and it works fabulously, right? These are things that provide real leverage to our customers. However, one of the things I really want you to be aware of, Matt, is that the real vertical value comes when we start training on data that is directly used by our customers to do particular things or design or build something. And that comes at the user productivity level, the company productivity level and the ecosystem productivity level. And that's going to unlock a lot of potential as we develop things that cut across all of what our customers can do like generative design, by the way, but probably heading in even other directions. And that's going to take time to develop. It's going to take opportunities for us to engage with customers in terms of using some of their data. But I want you to pay attention to that long-term horizon on doing real training on customer data, which will be where the revolution comes from.
Matthew Hedberg: Got it. Got it. And then Debbie, sort of the question that I think a lot us are getting on from folks is the levels of conservatism in the guide? And I'm sure it's based on what you see today is how you're sort of building the forecast. But maybe just a little bit more granularity on how you're thinking about sales productivity, pipeline discount rates? Anything that sort of like provide a little bit more color there?
Debbie Clifford: Thanks, Matt. Look, I'd say that I don't have much to add versus what I've said already. The macro is broadly unchanged. Those leading indicators remain strong. Our business is going to grow faster and better environments and somewhat lower and worse environment. Our goal is to set ourselves up for success in fiscal '24 and for the long term.
Matthew Hedberg: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Celino of KeyBanc Capital. Please go ahead, Jason.
Jason Celino: Great. Thanks. Can you hear me. So actually, one question on the quarter. So it sounds like there was -- well, I guess, did you see strength in the business at the end of January? I'm just trying to understand how business was after that multiyear discount went away at the beginning of the month.
Debbie Clifford: Yes, the linearity of our business was not dissimilar to what we've seen in previous periods.
Jason Celino: Perfect. And then on the free cash flow commentary you gave, the 30% to 35% margin. That was for 2026 period, the period of '23 to '26. And does that include the headwinds you talked about, including the FX, the cash taxes, et cetera?
Debbie Clifford: So what I said was we have target planning parameters of 10% to 15% revenue growth and 30% to 35% free cash flow margin, all in pursuit of our goal of achieving a rule of 45-plus ratio over time. It's not time specific. If you look at our guidance for fiscal '24, that's at the trough of the transition for multiyear to annual billings, we'd be in the low 30s. And what we're saying is that we're going to go from the low 30s as we normalize over time towards our goal of achieving that 45% plus and that we intend to make meaningful progress against achieving that goal regardless of the macroeconomic backdrop.
Jason Celino: Perfect. No, that's very helpful. And I guess we'll learn more at the Analyst Day in a couple of weeks. Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Tusa of JPMorgan. Your line is open, Steve.
Sam Yellen: Hi, it's Sam Yellen on for Steve Tusa. So in terms of the free cash flow bridge for next year, I know you guys have the deferred revenue and cash taxes. But is there anything else moving around maybe in working capital that we should considering the bridge?
Debbie Clifford: If you look at -- yes, if you look at Slide 8 of the deck that we put on our website is the move from multiyear upfront annual billings is the lower cohort. We have a lower cohort of multiyear contracts that come up for renewal, just cyclically in fiscal '24. It's FX movements and it's cash taxes. Those are the 4 drivers of the decline.
Sam Yellen: Got it. Thanks. And then in terms of the high single-digit revenue guidance for next year, how much of that is driven by price?
Debbie Clifford: We're not going to get into that level of specificity, I would say. I mean, as I mentioned when Jay was asking the question earlier, we kind of look at it as our goal be to drive a mix of volume and price mix, partner margin type contributions to growth. And so you can loosely consider that, that would be how we're thinking about it as we look at growth next year, too.
Sam Yellen: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty of SVB MoffetNathanson. Your question please, sir. 
Sterling Auty: Thanks guys. Just one question from my side. Can you guys help me understand which end market segments, manufacturing versus architecture, et cetera, are you seeing the biggest cyclical impact today? And what did you factor in on those trends into the guidance? Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost: Look, it's a hard question to answer because all of those segments are growing, all right? And the new business is growing in all those segments. So it's a nuanced question. One thing I will say is there's a different character of pushback from each one of those segments in terms of what they're seeing. What we're seeing in manufacturing is my costs are going up, my costs are going up and the costs are going up, right? And that is impacting their ability to deliver, frankly, on some impact on demand because they can't pass it all to the customers. They have trouble kind of fulfilling the demand with the cost factor. So I would say right now, the inflationary environment is putting more pressure on our manufacturing customers than it is on our ADC customers. So that's just one piece of color. In the AEC space, obviously, the material costs are a big issue for them. But they are continuing to struggle with labor shortages, capacity problems, the ability to kind of clear out the book of business, which is great because there's an overhang there's an overhang of business for them right now, and there still is. And that's true in manufacturing, too. There's still an overhang of delivery that has to happen. I'm still waiting for a part from my repaired car and it's maybe my cars bus has been months, can't get the part. All right. There's plenty of capacity challenges there as well. But in AEC, generally, there's still a backlog of book of business, labor shortages, capacity within some of these institute companies and construction firms, architecture firms, is getting in the way. So I hear capacity problems much more in the AEC segment which, by the way, is going to continue into time. Eventually, the capacity will clear out. And I hear inflationary pressures much more from our manufacturing customers. M&A, they don't care, it's all digital anyway. People are watching more and they're happy. 
Sterling Auty: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Koenig of SMBC Nikko America. Your question please, Steve.
Steven Koenig: Great. Thank you. Hey Andrew, hey Debbie. Thanks for taking my questions. I want to build just a little bit more on Sterling's question here. I'm wondering, can you remind us in AEC, if you look across upstream and downstream. What's your kind of complexion related to commercial versus industrial versus residential design and construction? And then I'm really curious, given those interesting comments you just had, Andrew, about how you're seeing demand and capacity problems in that segment. What did you see in '08 when kind of the AEC activity slowed down? Was it more intense in one of those kind of sub-segments? And how do you think about how that could unfold over time? Is that as those capacity is just clear out and interest rates could begin to affect that sector broadly?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So that was a multilayer question. And now I have to remember the first part of the question, which was related to -- remind me about what your part A was?
Steven Koenig: Yes. Sorry, it was a little long winded. The complexion of your AEC.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Okay. So this is the -- always the question about which parts of the AEC ecosystem are we sensitive to. And here's the thing, and I always answer the question this way. The dollars always go somewhere, all right? So people were very concerned about 1.5 years ago, I was getting lots of questions about what's your exposure to commercial real estate, commercial real estate is going to slow down what happened in commercial real estate?  It moved a retrofit and reconfigure all right? And a lot of commercial real estate spend is in is going on in retrofit and reconfigure. A lot of architecture firms are completely involved in that. And also, it's moved to multifamily residential and things associated with that due to other pressures inside the economy and inside municipalities. So the money shifts around all the time, right? And in terms of which segment is getting lit up. So we're not seeing any particular exposure in terms of slowdown to any particular segment because of the way this activity shifts, all right? And it's just one -- it's one of the interesting things about the ecosystem. There's always something that wasn't getting built or worked on that starts to get built or worked on when something else is out of the way, it's out of the queue, all right? And the commercial office of space is somewhat out of the queue and other things are moving into the queue and getting more attention. Now with regards to '08, it was a very different type of situation. If you recall what we thought in '08 was a massive slowdown at the low end of our business. And a matter of fact, it was a precipitous slowdown in the low end of our business with smaller firms not being able to get enough work.  We don't see anything on the horizon that looks like that because of the backlog of business that's out there right now, there's just more people wanting to get things done than there is capacity to get the thing done in the ecosystem. So it's a very different situation where there was a kind of like the valve is shut off. There was no backlog, which to bleed through. Now we're in a world where we've got a lot of project backlog, a lot of pent-up demand, and it's just not the same situation that you saw in '08. It was very different world. And we're a very different company.
Steven Koenig: Yes, for sure. That’s helpful. I really appreciate the color. Thanks so much.
Operator: That is all the time we have for Q&A today. I would now like to turn the conference back to Simon Mays-Smith for closing remarks. Sir?
Simon Mays-Smith: Thanks, everyone. Sorry about that, having trouble finding my button. Looking forward to seeing you all the Investor Day in just in a month's time. If you have any questions, please e-mail me at simon@autodesk.com. Look forward to catching up again soon. Bye-bye.
Operator: And this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q3  (2022-11-22 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by and welcome to the Autodesk Q3 Fiscal ‘23 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today’s conference call is being recorded. I would now turn the conference over to your host Mr. Simon Mays-Smith, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Simon Mays-Smith: Thanks, operator and good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the third quarter results of our fiscal ‘23. On the line with me are Andrew Anagnost, our CEO; and Debbie Clifford, our CFO. Today’s conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. You can find the earnings press release, slide presentation and transcript of today’s opening commentary on our Investor Relations website following this call. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements about our outlook, future results and related assumptions, acquisitions, products and product capabilities and strategies. These statements reflect our best judgment based on currently known factors. Actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to our SEC filings including our most recent Form 10-Q and the Form 8-K filed with today’s press release for important risk factors and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. During the call, we will quote several numerical growth changes as we discuss our financial performance. Unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. All non-GAAP numbers referenced in today’s call are reconciled in our press release or XL Financials and other supplemental materials available on our Investor Relations website. And now, I will turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Simon and welcome everyone to the call. We again reported record third quarter revenue, non-GAAP operating margin and free cash flow. Encouragingly, the business is performing as we’d expect given secular growth tailwinds and macroeconomic, geopolitical policy and COVID-19-related headwinds. Subscription renewal rates remain resilient. Our competitive performance remains strong. Outside of Russia and China, new business growth slightly decelerated in the quarter, most notably in Europe, but overall growth remains good. And we see less demand for multiyear upfront and more demand for annual contracts than we expected. We are hopeful this is a positive signal for our transition next year to annual billings for multiyear contracts. Overall, our leading indicators are consistent with these trends. Channel partners remain optimistic, but with hints of caution. Usage rates continue to grow modestly in the U.S. and APAC, excluding China, but are flat in Europe, excluding Russia. And bid activity on BuildingConnected remains robust as the industry continues to work through its backlog. We are reinforcing the secular tailwinds to our business by accelerating the convergence of workflows within and between the industries we serve, creating broader and deeper partnerships with existing customers and bringing new customers into our ecosystem. Our strategy is underpinned by disciplined and focused investments through the economic cycle, which enables Autodesk to remain well invested to realize the significant benefits of its strategy while mitigating the risk of having to make expensive catch-up investments later. In September, we hosted more than 10,000 customers and partners at Autodesk University. There was incredible energy, excitement and optimism for being together in person for the first time in 3 years. There was also palpable momentum behind the digital transformation of the industries we serve. At AU, we announced Fusion, Forma and Flow, our three industry clouds, which will connect data, teams and workflows in the cloud on our trusted platform. By increasing our engineering velocity, moving data from files to the cloud and expanding our third-party ecosystem, they will enable Autodesk to further increase customer value by delivering even greater efficiency and sustainability. I will now turn the call over to Debbie to take you through our third quarter financial performance and guidance for the fourth quarter and full fiscal year. I’ll then come back to provide an update on our strategic growth initiatives.
Debbie Clifford: Thanks, Andrew. In a more challenging macroeconomic environment, Autodesk performed in line with our expectations in the third quarter, excluding the impact of in-quarter currency movements on revenue. Resilient subscription renewal rates, healthy new business growth and a strong competitive performance were partly offset by geopolitical, macroeconomic, policy and COVID-19-related headwinds, foreign exchange movements and less demand for multiyear upfront and more demand for annual contracts than we expected. Total revenue grew 14% and 15% at constant exchange rates. By product, AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT revenue grew 10%. AEC and manufacturing revenue both grew 13% and M&E revenue grew 24%, partly driven by upfront revenue growth. By region, revenue grew 17% in the Americas, 10% in EMEA and 14% in APAC. At constant exchange rates, EMEA and APAC grew 12% and 18%, respectively. By channel, direct revenue increased 14%, representing 35% of total revenue, while indirect revenue grew 13%. Our product subscription renewal rates remain strong, and our net revenue retention rate was comfortably within our 100% to 110% target range. Billings increased 16% to $1.4 billion, reflecting continued solid underlying demand, partly offset by foreign exchange movements and a shift in mix from multiyear upfront to annual contracts versus expectations. Total deferred revenue grew 13% to $3.8 billion. Total RPO of $4.7 billion and current RPO of $3.1 billion grew 11% and 9%, respectively. At constant exchange rates, RPO and current RPO grew approximately 15% and 13%, respectively. Turning to the P&L, non-GAAP gross margin remained broadly level at 93%, while non-GAAP operating margin increased by 4 percentage points to approximately 36%, reflecting strong revenue growth and ongoing cost discipline. GAAP operating margin increased by 3 percentage points to approximately 20%. We delivered robust third quarter free cash flow of $460 million, up 79% year-over-year reflecting strong revenue growth, margin improvement and a larger multiyear upfront billing cohort. Turning to capital allocation, we continue to actively manage capital within our framework. As Andrew said, our organic and inorganic investments will remain disciplined and focused through the economic cycle. We will continue to offset dilution from our stock-based compensation program and to accelerate repurchases opportunistically when it makes sense to do so. Year-to-date, we purchased 4.4 million shares for $873 million at an average price of approximately $200 per share, which compared to last year contributed to a reduction in our diluted weighted average shares outstanding by approximately 5 million to 217 million shares. We also announced today that the Board has authorized a further $5 billion for share repurchases. And in December, we plan to retire a $350 million bond when it comes due. Recall that we effectively refinanced this bond last October at historically low rates when we issued our first sustainability bond. And related to that new sustainability bond, we published our first sustainability bond impact report about a month ago, which updates our progress. You can find the report on our Investor Relations website. Now let me finish with guidance. Andrew gave you a readout on the business and our markets at the beginning of the call. Our renewal business continues to be a highlight, reflecting the ongoing importance of our software in helping our customers achieve their goals. New business growth continues to be relatively stronger in North America with growth in EMEA and APAC outside of Russia and China, slightly decelerating, but overall growth remains good. And we’ve seen less demand for multiyear upfront and more demand for annual contracts than we expected. As we look ahead and as we’ve done in the past, our Q4 and fiscal ‘23 guidance assumes that market conditions remain consistent with what we saw as we exited Q3. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar during the quarter generated slight incremental FX headwinds, reducing full year billings and revenue by approximately $10 million and $5 million, respectively, for the remainder of fiscal ‘23. Bringing these factors together, the overall headline is that our fiscal ‘23 revenue, margin and earnings per share guidance remained close to the previous midpoint at constant exchange rates and comfortably within our previous guidance ranges. Our lower fiscal ‘23 billings and free cash flow guidance primarily reflects less demand for multiyear upfront and more demand for annual contracts than we expected. We’re narrowing the fiscal ‘23 revenue range to be between $4.99 billion and $5.005 billion. We continue to expect non-GAAP operating margin to be approximately 36%. And we expect free cash flow to be between $1.9 billion and $1.98 billion. The slide deck and updated Excel financials on our website have more details on modeling assumptions for the full year of fiscal ‘23. The challenges our customers face continue to evolve that reinforce the need for digital transformation, which gives us confidence in our long-term growth potential. We continue to target double-digit revenue growth, non-GAAP operating margins in the 38% to 40% range and double-digit free cash flow growth on a compound annual basis. These metrics are intended to provide a floor to our long-term revenue growth ambitions and a ceiling to our spend growth expectations. Andrew, back to you.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Debbie. Our strategy is to transform the industries we serve with end-to-end cloud-based solutions that drive efficiency and sustainability for our customers. Fusion, Forma and Flow connect data, teams and workflows in the cloud on our trusted platform, making Autodesk rapidly scalable and extensible into adjacent verticals from architectural and engineering to construction and operations, from product engineering to product data management and product manufacturing. Our platform is also scalable and extensible between verticals with industrialized construction and into new workflows like XR. By accelerating the convergence of workflows within and between the industries we serve, we are also creating broader and deeper partnerships with existing customers and bringing new customers into our ecosystem. In AEC, our customers continue to digitally transform their workflows to win new business and become more efficient and sustainable. For example, to support the city of Changwon smart city ambitions, the Changwon Architectural Design Institute, which operates across architecture, municipal engineering and city planning is standardizing on AEC collections and developing features to Revit APIs, which automate modeling, drawings and specification inspection. These will leverage the design institute’s expertise in BIM and enable faster and higher quality design, reduce error and waste during construction and build the digital twins for post-construction operation and maintenance. In a challenging market environment, the design institute has been able to win new business and capture new market through digital transformation. In construction, we are seeking to eliminate waste at the source rather than simply automating the process around it. By seamlessly connecting construction data and workflows both upstream with preconstruction and design and downstream to hand over, operations and maintenance bases to our digital twin, we are enabling a more connected and sustainable way of building. For example, after a leading mechanical contractor in the United States purchased a competitor’s construction management product a few years ago, communication and workflows between the design and field teams were disconnected, resulting in data fragmentation, less insight, more complicated reporting and ultimately low adoption of the process. To resolve these issues, it chose to consolidate all of its design to build workload on the integrated Autodesk platform, turning to Autodesk Build to streamline handoffs between detailing, the fab shop and the field. Our momentum in construction continues to grow. Across construction, we added almost 1,000 new logos with Autodesk Build’s monthly active users growing more than 60% quarter-over-quarter and becoming Autodesk’s largest construction products. In infrastructure, we see greater appetite from owners to accelerate their digital transformation to connect workflows from designed to make on the Autodesk platform. For example, to transform the speed, efficiency and sustainability of its network, one of the leading electricity network operators in Europe is accelerating its transformation from 2D to BIM and digital twins. In the third quarter, it signed its first EBA with Autodesk, adding Revit and Docs to enable it to upgrade the capacity of its substations and incorporate renewable power generation rapidly and safely. To accelerate maintenance workflows and reduce costs, the customer is in-sourcing the production of maintenance parts and using Fusion 360 as a platform for 3D printing. Turning to manufacturing, we have sustained good momentum in our manufacturing portfolio this quarter as we connected more workflows from design through to the shop floor, developed more on-ramps to our manufacturing platform and delivered new powerful tools and functionality to Fusion 360 extension. We continue to drive efficiency and sustainability for our customers and provide further resilience and competitiveness in uncertain times. For example, De Nora is an Italian multinational company specializing in electrochemistry and is a leader in sustainable technologies in the industrial green hydrogen production chain. It has been a longtime user of AutoCAD and Revit. Over the last few years, it accelerated its cloud strategy by replacing a competitor’s on-premise PLM solution with an integrated Vault and Fusion 360-managed solutions and improve the security of its data, enables seamless collaboration between product design and manufacturing and more easily onboard and integrate acquisitions. In Q3, it took another step in its digital transformation by firstly transitioning to named users and adding premium for better usage reporting, insights and single sign on security and secondly, by adding Flex to optimize consumption for its occasional users. Heineken is on a mission to become the best connected brewer as part of its evergreen strategy and is undergoing a digital transformation to ensure is prepared for the unforeseen challenges in an ever-changing world. To help, Autodesk has been supporting Heineken’s 3D printing initiative with an expanded adoption of Fusion 360 across a number of breweries. By designing and manufacturing their own equipment parts in-house, Heineken has been able to see a reduction in the replacement times of a number of parts from over 6 weeks to just 4 hours, significantly reducing downtime and lessening the carbon impact of shipping new parts when necessary. Scanship AS, a Vow Group company is a great example of how our customers are using our Fusion platform to generate sustainable outcomes efficiently and transparently for customers. It has developed technology that processes waste and purified wastewater providing valuable, sustainable and circular resources and clean energy to a wide range of customers. By consolidating on Fusion 360 managed with Upchain, Scanship AS will be able to connect data and workflows in the cloud to manage processes and collaborate more easily and efficiently, while also gaining greater transparency on its supply chain to deliver decarbonized products to its customers. Fusion 360’s commercial subscribers grew steadily, ending the quarter with 211,000 subscribers, with demand for extensions continuing to grow at an exceptional pace. Outside of commercial use, a rapidly growing ecosystem of students and hobbyists learning next-generation technology and workflows will take those skills with them into the workforce. We would like to congratulate students from over 57 countries who recently competed in the finals of the WorldSkills competition, aptly referred to as the Olympics for vocational skills. Students used the latest workflows and technologies from Fusion 360 and Autodesk Construction Cloud to compete in vocational disciplines such as mechanical engineering, additive manufacturing and digital construction. Sit Shun Le from Singapore, who won the gold medal for additive manufacturing, used Fusion 360 to find the optimum structure and then minimize the amount of materials used through additive manufacturing. All participants were able to hone their skills using next-generation technology. I am inspired by their ingenuity and optimistic about the innovation they will bring to the workforce of the future. And finally, we continue to work with customers to provide access to the most current and secure software through our license compliance initiatives. For example, we worked collaboratively with a large multinational manufacturing company seeking to adhere to the same software standards and ensure access to the latest and safest software for all its employees across the globe. We helped customers conduct a self-audit that identifies gaps in its operations in China and then crafted and optimized a bespoked subscription plan. As a result, we agreed to an approximately 5 million contracts in Q3, our largest ever license compliance agreement. During the quarter, we closed eight deals of $500,000 and four deals over $1 million. To close, subscription renewal rates and net revenue retention continue to compound. New business growth remains good, and our competitive performance remains strong. The business is performing as we’d expect given secular growth tailwinds and macroeconomic, geopolitical, policy and COVID-19 headwind. Our capital allocation will remain disciplined and focused through the cycle with organic investment and acquisitions accelerating our growth potential and competitive intensity and share buyback offsetting dilution. The breadth and depth of the market opportunity ahead of us is substantial, and our platform investments will expand that opportunity and realization of it. Operator, we would now like to open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Saket Kalia of Barclays. Your line is open.
Saket Kalia: Okay. Great. Hey, Andrew. Hey, Debbie. Thanks for taking my questions here. Debbie, maybe we will start to start with you. I don’t want to put you on the spot here. But I guess just given the evolving macro and some of the other factors that we spoke about, is there anything that you want us to know high level on kind of how you’re thinking about fiscal ‘24 as we maybe fine-tune our models looking out?
Debbie Clifford: Hi, Saket. Hope you are doing great. So we will give formal guidance for fiscal ‘24 in February when we report on next quarter’s results. But here are some things to think about. First, on revenue. At this point, we expect some exogenous headwinds out of the gate. We will have about a 5-point-or-so incremental FX headwind. That’s because of the continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar and then another point of incremental headwind from exiting Russia. That’s going to make it tough for us to grow revenue beyond double digits. On margin, the revenue headwind creates margin growth headwinds, which likely means limited progress on reported margins in fiscal ‘24. Put another way, margins will look better at constant exchange rates. And then on free cash flow, FactSet consensus right now is a range of $1.2 billion to $1.7 billion. There is a couple of important things to consider. The first is the rate at which our customers transition to annual billings. And the second is the overall macroeconomic environment. We continue to be focused on executing on that transition as fast as possible because while the change is good for us, and it’s good for our customers, from a financial standpoint, we really want the noise behind us. So remember, the faster that we move the multiyear based annual billings, the greater the free cash flow headwind we will see in fiscal ‘24. On macro, we will, as usual, give our fiscal ‘24 guidance based on the macro conditions that we see as we exit fiscal ‘23.
Saket Kalia: Got it. Got it. That makes a lot of sense. Andrew, maybe for my follow-up for you, a lot of helpful commentary just on retention rates and sort of the pace of new business, I was wondering if you could just go one level deeper. And maybe we could just talk about how demand fared through the quarter? Most of the business, as I think we all know, is pretty high velocity. But I’m curious if you saw changing trends in pipeline or close rates or duration preferences towards the end of the quarter versus earlier? Any commentary there would be helpful.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Saket, good to hear from you. Alright. Look, Q3 was very much like Q2 and that the quarter was fairly consistent, right? What was different between Q3 and Q2 was the slowing down in Europe taking Russia out. And that was definitely something that was different about the quarters. But that was consistent across the entire quarter. There was no acceleration or change of that as you proceeded across the quarter. Europe was weak throughout the quarter. As were – some of the preferences with regards to multiyear billings, there was no kind of trend of more and more reluctance as you headed further and further down the quarter. So it’s a fairly consistent quarter with regards to all of those things and fairly consistent performance of the business across the quarter. So nothing that fundamentally changed in the quarter. Look, one of the things – another thing that was different about Q3 over Q2 is that we had some currency fluctuations towards the end. And that really is probably the only thing that was different, and those currency fluctuations were responsible for the majority of the small revenue miss.
Saket Kalia: Got it. Very helpful, guys. Thanks a lot for taking my questions here.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Phil Winslow of Credit Suisse. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities. Your line is open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. Andrew, for you, first, to follow-up on some comments you made regarding your strategy at AU and then allow a follow-up for Debbie. So at AU, you made some comments with regard to the various clouds that you’ve introduced, and you made an important distinction between the AEC cloud and the manufacturing cloud, namely that manufacturing cloud is more mature. It’s been out in the market perhaps longer. So what is your expectation for the maturity or development of the AEC cloud to get it to where you think it needs to be so it’ll be comparably mature or capable, the way the manufacturing cloud is, the way you described it at AU? And then for Debbie as a follow-up since the door was open to an FY ‘24 discussion, apart from everything else you’re doing programmatically, could you talk about some of the things that you’re going to be doing with regard to channel compensation in terms of margin structure, comping on annual versus multiyear and all those various things that you’re planning to implement and if those are going to have any effect on your margins and your cash flow?
Andrew Anagnost: Alright, Jay. So I’ll start with regards to the Forma evolution. It’s going to be kind of similar to what happened with Fusion, all right? And I’ll kind of tell it this way. When we started Fusion, we actually anchored Fusion on two things. We started Fusion upfront in the design process. You probably don’t remember the early days of Fusions, Fusion was actually a conceptual design application. It was highly focused on consumer products design and upfront design processes. And we started to bolting onto it the downstream processes close to the [indiscernible] manufacturing, and we started building cloud-based connections between those two and basically filling off the middle between those two bookends of manufacturing and conceptual design. Think of the evolution of Forma is very similar to that, right? The cloud – the Forma cloud is going to start off focusing on the upfront conceptual phases of design, helping architects, planners, developers, all types of people that have to deal with early conceptual decisions about utilization, space utilization, aligning and distributing various aspects of development or an individual building and helping them make some better decisions far upfront in the design. But it’s also going to work to integrate downstream to what we’re doing in Construction Cloud. So Construction Cloud will start getting very close to some of the early bits of what Forma does. And over time, what’s going to happen is Forma and Construction Cloud, Construction Cloud representing the downstream example of manufacturing, all the bits in between are going to be filled out on the same platform, similar to the evolution that we walked through with Fusion. And that will basically bring the entire process to the cloud over time, but continuously adding value to what our customers are doing today throughout the entire development and evolution of that cloud.
Debbie Clifford: And Jay, to your second question, channel compensation, the details, they are still in the works. But ultimately, how we think about engaging with our channel partners, engaging with our customers, how we think about the compensation programs, everything is about delivering value to our customers, driving adoption, driving customer satisfaction. So, examples of some of the things that you’ve seen us do historically are things like moving more front-end incentives to back-end incentives that mandate some kind of adoption metrics, things like that, again, all in service of trying to deliver value. And in terms of the impact on margins, well, we haven’t guided to margins next year, we haven’t guided specifically to anything next year other than some of the breadcrumbs that I just left you guys. But I would say that as we’ve said before, we’re committed to achieving our margin target in that 38% to 40% range in the fiscal ‘23 to ‘26 window.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Phil Winslow of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Phil Winslow: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I should have one earlier. But Andrew, a question for you, then a follow-up for Debbie. One of the questions I think is about the cyclicality of the AEC industry. And as you mentioned, the industry entered this year with a backlog from 2020 and frankly, even 2019. But as you pointed out, the macroeconomic environment has obviously deteriorated. So my question is what are you seeing and hearing from this vertical, especially about sort of the go-forward pipeline, as you think about the software that Autodesk sells in the various spaces here, the design, plan, build and maintain? And then I’ll just wait to ask the question to Debbie. Thanks.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So first off, one thing continues to pressure the industry more than the demand, and it is the labor shortages and the capacity to execute. Construction companies still have a backlog of business. They are still struggling to execute through the business that they have. I’m sure you saw that some of the leading indicators of architectural buildings have gone or entered into a shrinking territory, which means that architects are going to see some decline in some of their buildings moving forward, but they also still have a backlog of business. So we’re still seeing customers saying, look, you know what, I have a pretty big pipeline of business that I haven’t executed on a queue of projects, and I still have capacity problems of getting through it. They are labor-related, they are material related, they are execution related. So we still have an overhang of backlog that’s going to continue into next year for a lot of our customers, and that’s what we’re hearing from our customers. That’s not to say they are not seeing pressure, and that’s not to say that they are not seeing some pressure in various segments. But they are still seeing a pretty good book of business for the next 12 to 18 months. Now as things continue, they’ll start to see kind of downward pressure in some of that backlog. But right now, they are all much more concerned about their ability to execute than they are about the book of business that they are accumulating.
Phil Winslow: Awesome. Thanks for that color. And then Debbie, just a follow-up on billings, at the beginning of the year, you talked about long-term deferred revenue, I think, being in the high 20s as a percentage of toll as you exit this year. I wonder if you could give us an update on that. And then in terms of next fiscal year, as you move towards 1-year billings, help us maybe quantify sort of the drawdown of long-term deferred revenue and the impact of that? Because obviously, you flagged the sell-side range right now of $1.2 billion to $1.7 billion, but obviously, that’s pretty broad. So maybe some color on the impact of long-term deferred next year would be helpful, too. Thanks.
Debbie Clifford: Yes. So overall, our messaging in these two areas hasn’t changed. So we were talking about long-term deferred as a percent of total deferred in that 20s range, and it’s going to continue to be there. The impact of our guidance adjustment for billings, a little over $100 million on a $5 billion number is not significant. And so we’re not anticipating that they will have a major impact on the metrics that you described. As we think about next year, I don’t have anything additional to share on how to think about the decline or what have you, other than to reiterate what I said before, and that is to think about the FactSet consensus that’s out there right now, that range of $1.2 billion to $1.7 billion. And then to reiterate that it’s really our goal to move as fast as possible because we really like to get this financial noise behind us.
Phil Winslow: Great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Adam Borg of Stifel. Your line is open.
Adam Borg: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking the questions. First, for Andrew, and then a follow-up for Debbie. So just given the macro, are you seeing any trends of customers either – not necessarily upgrading to collections that otherwise or doing so earlier in the year? Or conversely, any trade downs from collections to point solutions or even LT? And then I have a follow-up.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Okay. Great. Adam. No, actually, there is no change in those demand preferences with regards to collections and what people are buying. The mix of state essentially is same, the renewal rate of the states pretty steady. If anything, what we’re seeing is softness in the low end of our business, which is what you would expect in a climate like this. LT growth has lowed, LT renewal rates have seen some pressure. That’s where we’re seeing things. The collections percentages, the collections renewal rates, these have remained steady throughout the year and throughout the quarter.
Adam Borg: Awesome. And maybe just for Debbie. So – and I don’t know if this is a harder question to answer, but if the multiyear mix came in line with your original expectations, how we think about the billings guide or even the billings results in the year, right? If it was the original mix that going into the quarter. Thanks again.
Debbie Clifford: If I understand your question correctly, if the proportion of our business that had been multiyear was in line with our expectations then we would have hit our original guide. And the fact that we’re seeing some in that cohort choose to move to annual billings or annual contracts, that’s making it so that we’re reducing the billings and free cash flow guide. But maybe – did I understand your question correctly?
Adam Borg: Super clear. Thanks again.
Debbie Clifford: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Tusa of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Stephen Tusa: Hi, good evening, guys. How are you?
Andrew Anagnost: Good.
Stephen Tusa: Thanks. So I’m just – maybe I’m an idiot, but just like reading between the lines, the faster you guys move in the transition, all else equal, the lower the free cash flow next year will be, correct? Or are there other things moving around?
Debbie Clifford: The faster the transition, well, first, I want to continue to characterize that the impact of the numbers is relatively small, and it would have a minor follow-on implications to next year. But ultimately, what was built into our guidance was an expectation of a certain proportion of the business that was going to be multiyear upfront. A small portion of those customers have elected to be annual. So rather than it being a negative impact to next year, it would be a very slight positive impact to next year because we would have annual billings next year that weren’t in the form of a multiyear upfront transaction this year. But I want to continue to reiterate that the impact is relatively small. The impact to our billings guidance this year is relatively small. And if you think about the scale of the free cash flow number next year, I want to go back to that range that I was talking about that FactSet consensus range of $1.2 billion to $1.7 billion. And our goal really is to move the totality of the multiyear base to annual billings as fast as possible. And the faster we go, the greater that headwind is going to be to free cash flow next year.
Stephen Tusa: Yes, I was – yes, exactly. I was asking about ‘24. Basically, you’re kind of telling us $1.2 billion to $1.7 billion and then you’re reiterating that you’re going to try and move as fast as possible. So it was just much more of a ‘24 question, which you just, I think, answered.
Debbie Clifford: Okay. Great.
Stephen Tusa: Right. The faster you move, the more impact you have next year?
Debbie Clifford: Correct. Yes.
Stephen Tusa: Yes. Okay. That’s super helpful. And any color on kind of the I guess, the drop-through on bookings – or sorry, billings when I look at free cash flow it’s like 85% to free cash flow, That’s, I guess – just it drops through with your gross margin. I would assume you don’t really manage that on a quarterly basis. So it makes some sense. I am I looking at that the right way? Or is there something on the cost line that moves around and mitigates that decline in billings?
Debbie Clifford: No. I think you are thinking about it in a directionally accurate way. The billings reduction then has a follow-on implication to the free cash flow reduction. There is nothing else going on there.
Stephen Tusa: Yes, okay. Great. Thanks a lot for the color. Really appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Michael Funk of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Michael Funk: Yes. Thank you for the questions. So you mentioned a few times trying to incentivize the shift from multiyear to annual. So first, what are you doing to incentivize that? I guess second, what drove the different customer behavior this quarter than expected with the shift? And I guess third part, same question, is how quickly do you believe that you can transition your base over to annual as we think about trying to model out the free cash flow impact?
Debbie Clifford: Okay. So let’s – taking detailed note. So in terms of the incentives, the incentives for both our channel partners – well, for our channel partners are still in place. So that’s part of the programmatic details that we are working through right now as we engage with our partners and we execute on the transition. Remember, a substantial majority of that transition is going to be next year in our fiscal ‘24, and that’s why those details are still in flight. On the customer side, what they have historically had a discount of anywhere from 10% to 5% to have a multiyear contract that’s invoiced and collected upfront and that discount goes away. So the incentive is not there necessarily in the future for those customers to be trying to pay for upfront. And we think based on the feedback that we have been getting from our customers that they want to have multiyear contracts with annual billings. It’s good for them in managing their cash flow just like it’s good for us. It removes the volatility that we see and as you can see from our guidance this quarter, the volatility that we see with those multiyear upfront contracts. In terms of what drove the behavior that we saw this past quarter, well, the end of the multiyear discount is coming at the start of next year. And so we were anticipating more demand for multiyear upfront contracts. And in the end, we are seeing slightly less demand than we expected. In the current macroeconomic environment, that’s not surprising. The trade-off of the discount versus the cash upfront, it’s not as enticing for some customers right now. We have assumed that the behavior that we saw with respect to the multi-years in Q3 persists through Q4. And that’s what’s built into our guidance. It’s consistent with our overall guidance philosophy. And we really think that it reinforces our strategy to move to annual billings. We are hopeful that it’s a positive sign for the transition next year. And then finally, in terms of what we can do in order to drive the pace, well, a lot of that’s going to come down to our internal capabilities being available. I have mentioned before, that we are investing in systems to set us up to manage all these contracts at scale, and we are on pace. With those system changes, ultimately, it’s going to come down to what’s on our price list and how we work through these programmatic details with our partners. And these are all decisions that are very much under discussion right now, and that you will hear more from us over the next couple of months.
Michael Funk: Okay. Great. Thank you for the question.
Operator: Thank you. One moment please. Our next question comes from the line of Gal Munda of Wolfe Research. Your line is open.
Gal Munda: Thanks for taking my questions. The first one is just around Fusion 360 and what you guys are seeing there. I know that when we visited Autodesk University with us, really, really good feedback. At the same time, the macro environment in manufacturing is kind of going a little bit slow. Is there anything particularly that makes you potentially see any sort of slowdown in that, or do you think your Fusion 360 throughout the cycle is going to perform better than what you have seen in the past in your manufacturing portfolio? Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So, first off, Gal, manufacturing grew 13%, 14% on constant currency, that’s still best-in-class for our space. So, we continue to believe that we are taking share in that respect. Look, you can’t have a slowdown in Europe, where we are very strong, without seeing some slowdown in new Innovyze [ph] acquisition with regards to Fusion. However, we still continue to acquire more new users than any of our competitors in the space. So, even in the face of some headwinds where we see some slowing, we are outpacing our competitors, which is kind of the important metric here in terms of the appetite and desire for Fusion. It continues to be the disruptive player, the disruptive price point, the disruptive capabilities. And our customers continue to embrace the solution even in the environment of headwinds. So, we are not concerned because customers really need the efficiency of an end-to-end connected solution, and they really want what they get at the kind of price points that we deliver with Fusion. So, we continue to be the preferred solution. I continue that – I expect that to continue, and I expect our relative performance to remain strong.
Gal Munda: That’s perfect. Thank you. And then just as a follow-up, thinking about the opportunity. I know when COVID happened and we talked about the non-compliant user opportunity, you kind of posed a little bit everything, and you said we are going to come back when the environment, especially macro, is a little bit stronger. You have done that over the last year. If I am thinking about heading into another macro weakness, how much of an opportunity is coming from the non-compliant users, or how much more lenient you might be maybe for a year or 2 years until that plays out? Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. I think we have got a good rhythm in our compliance business right now. I mean I think COVID was a very unique situation where there was a sudden and precipitous impact on our customers. I think we are heading into kind of a different environment in many respect. Of course, manufacturers are seeing increased costs in terms of energy and material costs and things associated with that. So, the pressures are real. But I think the rate and pace that we are on right now with regards to license compliance makes sense. Like I have always said, this isn’t something that we are going to slam the accelerator on and try to move faster. But right now, I don’t see us actually changing our pace or slowing down in any kind of way. I think we are at a nice clip right now, and I think that we will be able to maintain it through any kind of bumpiness that we might see as we head into the winter.
Gal Munda: Thanks Andrew. Appreciate that.
Operator: Thank you. One moment please. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Hedberg of RBC. Your line is open.
Matt Hedberg: Great. Thanks for taking my question guys. Debbie, I wanted to come back to the cash flow breadcrumbs that you gave. Sort of – you keep talking about the range of $1.2 billion to $1.7 billion and wanting to progress as fast as possible. I mean does that effectively imply that, that low end of FactSet consensus is at play? Just sort of curious on why phrase it as a range like that?
Debbie Clifford: Thanks Matt. So, we are not guiding on the call today. We are trying to provide some insight into how to think about it. And that range is in the realm of possibility, and there are a couple of factors that we want to continue to emphasize that are going to impact that. And that is the rate at which our customers transition to annual billings and the overall macroeconomic environment. But as I have said, we will provide specifics on the next earnings call.
Matt Hedberg: Got it. Thanks. And then maybe just one on the expense side, I appreciate the currency headwinds next year and sort of the reiteration of kind of the long-term margin framework. Are there things that you guys are doing right now from a spend perspective, whether it’s hiring or just sort of like general cost consciousness as we get into more economic uncertainty?
Debbie Clifford: Thanks. So, first, I want to say that we have been focused on ensuring that we don’t spend ahead of top line growth. We have delivered considerable operating margin expansion over the last couple of years. We have exhibited a spend discipline that we now benefit from as the market conditions continue to evolve. If we focus on the near-term, we have delivered on our margin goals for the year-to-date. We are on track to do so through the end of the year. You can see that from no change in our operating margin guidance. Our hiring plans at the beginning of the year reflected really what is a solid balance between proactive investment and the discipline required to achieve our margin targets. As we look ahead to next year, we are in the planning process right now, but we are focused on ensuring that we continue this pattern of disciplined spend. We are looking to ensure that we can invest in the right areas to drive the strategy. So, things like purposeful and strategic rather than broad-based investing in areas like our industry clouds and shared services, but all against a backdrop of delivering a healthy margin. And I also want to say that we want to ensure that we are not too short-term in our thinking. We have a strong balance sheet. We want to make sure that we strike that right balance as we navigate these macro waters. We want to capitalize on the downturn to continue to invest, but all while keeping that watchful eye on operating margin. And as we said before, we are committed to achieving a margin target in the 38% to 40% range in that fiscal ‘23 to ‘26 window.
Matt Hedberg: Alright. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Tyler Radke of Citi. Your line is open.
Tyler Radke: Thanks for taking my question. Andrew, so at AU, you obviously announced the product announcements on Forma and Flow. I am curious how, if you could talk a little bit about the plans to accelerate the engineering velocity, specifically, is this is going to require more hiring, or is it just kind of re-prioritization of your engineers? And then just kind of comparing it to the timeline that you saw Fusion play out in that monetization cycle, just help us understand how you are expecting kind of the product to roll out and the monetization trend over time? Thanks.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So, first off, one of the things we did to just start Forma, as you might recall at the beginning of the pandemic, we acquired a Norwegian company called Spacemaker. And we have continued to invest in that team, and we will continue to expand that team either by repurposing existing resources to work with that team or by adding additional resources to that team to make sure that we are on track. But one of the foundational investments that supports all of the things we are trying to do with our investment in data. And that’s an ongoing investment in trying to break up Revit files and make them more accessible in the cloud as granular data. Forma and – by nature is built net native on the cloud and it has granular data at its core. So, that’s one of the kind of core vectors that we will be doing. But we will be incrementally investing to ensure that we are heading on the right path with this solution. But we have done some of that already. And we have kind of absorbed some of those investments today. Now, I think the question about timeline is a really good one because these kind of transformations – what we are doing with Forma is different, right. What we are doing with Revit to improve its performance and improve its capabilities based on what our customers are asking us to do is making their current tools better. But what Forma is doing, especially with its connection – its native connections to downstream process is different. It takes time for different to penetrate the industry, just like different took time with Fusion. It was – we have been working on Fusion for over a decade, alright, roughly speaking a decade. So, you can expect that it’s going to take 5 years for Forma to mature and even longer for it to totally replace what our customers are doing. However, our goal is to incrementally add value to the process as time goes on, just like we did with Fusion. Fusion, we added incremental value with the connection to downstream manufacturing. In Forma, we are going to add incremental value with regards to the data platforms and the connection to the downstream construction processes. So, that’s all connected, but it is going to take time similar to what we saw with Fusion.
Tyler Radke: That’s helpful. And Debbie, maybe a question for you. So, just on current RPO, it looked like that did pick up a bit quarter-over-quarter if you back out the currency. Can you just help us understand I guess first, do you kind of view that as the best leading indicator given the headwinds in billings? And just remind us how you are thinking about the puts and takes on that just as you do – renew these large EBA customers in the coming quarters. Just anything we should be mindful of there? Thank you.
Debbie Clifford: Yes. Sure. So yes, I mean current RPO is a very important metric in monitoring our business performance. And you are right, particularly when you normalize for the currency impacts that growth was in a healthy zone. So, I want to just continue to stress that FX has been really volatile, and that’s going to continue to impact the growth rate. So, definitely look at the constant currency growth rates over time. Also, the timing and volume of our EBAs impacts the growth rate period-to-period. And so sometimes what you see is that when we have large cohorts of our EBAs coming up for renewal, it tends to be back-end loaded in our fiscal years and most often in our Q4, we start to see growth impacts as the year progresses, in many cases, deceleration Q1 to Q3 that would tick back up as those cohorts for EBAs come back up for renewal. So, growth rate should tick back up over time, given consistent historical – given patterns consistent with our historical patterns. But again, remember the constant currency has just been a zinger that’s going to impact growth rates for quite a while here. So – but it is an important metric for us, and we monitor it closely.
Tyler Radke: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Jason Celino of Key. Your line is open.
Jason Celino: Hi. Thanks for taking me in. Just two quick ones. So, when we look at the fourth quarter guidance, it looks like you will exit the year at 8% growth at the midpoint, pretty big decel from third quarter. I guess what is the FX headwind built into here? And are there any other factors that we should think about for Q4?
Debbie Clifford: Yes. So, Jason, the biggest impact is currency. We have seen a growing currency headwind during the year, and that’s gradually showing up in the growth rates as the year progresses. It’s about a 3-point headwind in Q4. It was a 1-point headwind in Q3 and was neutral in the tailwind at the beginning of the year. So, you can see that it’s gradually having a significant impact on our growth rate. That’s the biggest driver of the implied growth rate that you are talking about. Also, to a lesser extent – but Andrew did mention that we saw a modest deceleration in our new business, particularly in Europe during Q3, that does have a slight follow-on impact to revenue in Q4.
Jason Celino: Okay. Great. Thank you. And then the last multiyear appetite, it sounds like, to some extent, some of this is macro related. I guess where do you see that dynamic most prevalent? Was it with your larger customers, your smaller customers, international versus domestic? Just trying to understand kind of the puts and takes. Thanks.
Debbie Clifford: Yes. It tends to be larger deal sizes, not surprisingly. I think that when our customers start to exhibit cash conservation behavior, that behavior does tend to be more prevalent with some of the larger deal sizes. And remember, they are still signing multiyear contracts, they are just signing multiyear contracts and asking for annual billings, which for those larger deals, we are willing to accommodate while we continue to invest in the back-office infrastructure to be able to handle the totality of the multiyear base with annual billings at scale.
Jason Celino: Okay, perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Keith Weiss: Hi, thank you so much. The comments on the stable renewal rates, and I’d just like to dig into the expansion motion and it’s not like never tension stayed within the historical range, but curious if you are seeing any changes on just the expansion behavior with the shift in macro and should we expect a similar range into 2024? Is there any risk that we could fall outside of those ranges just given the broader macro headwinds? Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost: So with regards to retention rates, look, retention rates continue to be strong and maintain steadiness. I think we are going to continue to see that steadiness into next year. The one area where we expect to see softness with macro headwinds is at the low end of our market. So the low end of the market is low ASPs, but high volume. So, the retention rates can move around on a volume basis when there is headwinds like this. But generally speaking, broadly across our business, we see retention rates holding up. Our products are mission-critical to what our customers do. They need them. But at the low end of our business, we will probably see some headwinds there, but they won’t be material to the larger business.
Debbie Clifford: I would just add that our net revenue retention rate was comfortably within the target range of 100% to 110% and in the short-term, our expectation is that it will stay in that range.
Keith Weiss: Great. And then just following up on kind of the comments about the strong balance sheet and willing to invest, wanted to see if you are seeing any change in behavior in the competitive landscape, especially from some companies that may not have as strong a balance sheet? So any changes you are seeing in the behavior overall? Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost: So with regards to – I just want to give a clarification on that question. With regards to the competitive environment in what way in terms of how that – how does it – just give me a clarification on your question a little bit there. I didn’t quite understand.
Keith Weiss: Yes, sure. So you guys have a strong balance sheet kind of willing to invest in the current environment, just even though there maybe some macro headwinds. But you likely have some peers out there that may not be as well funded or has strong balance sheets. So curious if you are just seeing any sort of changes in behavior across the competitive landscape?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, okay. Okay, good. I just wanted to make sure that I was in it. So look, we are in better shape than some of our competitors that are not profitable. In certain situations, people are going to be chasing, I think long-term things that kind of boost revenue or pull revenue forward. They will be doing customer unfriendly things to try to pull things forward. We are not in that position right now, especially in certain types of sectors. We are maintaining customer-friendly practices. We are focusing on the long-term. We’re investing in the long-term. And that will actually provide competitive advantage as we move out of the slowdown. And it’s always great to be in a position to invest during a slowdown and to not have to pull short-term levers to try to achieve profitability, maintain profitability or get in the way of things. We will probably have more dry powder for inorganic activity than some of our competitors as we head through this. So yes, strong balance sheet actually helps us invest ahead of the curve while we go through these things. So I am pretty confident that we are ahead of the game in a lot of places.
Operator: Thank you. That is all the time that we do have for question. So I’d like to turn the call back over to Simon Mays-Smith for any closing remarks.
Simon Mays-Smith: Thanks everyone for joining us. I hope the call was useful. For those of you that celebrated happy Thanksgiving and happy holidays and we’ll look forward to catching up with you again at conferences and in the New Year at our fourth quarter earnings. Thanks very much.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s conference. Thank you all for participating. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2023 Q2  (2022-08-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to Autodesk's Second Quarter Fiscal 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the call over to Simon Mays-Smith, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Simon Mays-Smith: Thanks, operator, and good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the second quarter results of our fiscal 2023. On the line with me are Andrew Anagnost, our CEO; and Debbie Clifford, our CFO. Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. You can find the earnings press release, slide presentation and transcript of today's opening commentary on our Investor Relations website following this call. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements about our outlook, future results and related assumptions, acquisitions, products and product capabilities and strategies. These statements reflect our best judgment based on currently known factors. Actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Form 10-K and the Form 8-K filed with today's press release for important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. During the call, we will quote several numeric or growth changes as we discuss our financial performance. Unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. All non-GAAP numbers referenced in today's call are reconciled in our press release or Excel financials and other supplemental materials available on our Investor Relations website. And now I will turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Simon, and welcome, everyone, to the call. Today, we reported record second quarter revenue, non-GAAP operating margin and free cash flow. End market demand remained strong during the quarter, resulting in robust new business activity. Renewal rates were again excellent. All of this and our strong competitive performance more than offset the direct and indirect impact of geopolitical, macroeconomic, policy and COVID-19 related factors. Growing commercial usage outside China, Russia and Ukraine, record bid activity on BuildingConnected and continued channel partner optimism leave us well-placed to achieve our FY 2023 goals. As I said last quarter, the structural growth drivers for our business that were critical to our performance during the pandemic, such as flexibility and agility, continue to support and propel us during this period of elevated uncertainty. These growth drivers further cement the important role we play in our customers' digital transformations and increase our confidence in our strategy. Our steady strategy, industry-leading products, platform and business model innovation, sustained and focused investment and strong execution are creating additional opportunities for Autodesk. By accelerating the convergence of workflows within and between the industries we serve, we create broader and deeper partnerships with existing customers and bring new customers into our ecosystem. In pursuit of these goals, we announced at Autodesk University last year that we were moving from products to platforms and capabilities and bringing these capabilities to any device anywhere through the cloud. Over the coming weeks, months and years, you will hear a lot more from us about our plans and progress to build a world-class customer experience, catalyze our customers' digital transformation and establish industry-leading platforms for design and make. As evidence of the progress we have made already, Fusion 360 flew past 200,000 subscribers during the second quarter and signed its first million-dollar contract, both important milestones and indications of the opportunities ahead. I will now turn the call over to Debbie to take you through the details of our quarterly financial performance and guidance for the year. I'll then come back to provide an update on our strategic growth initiatives.
Debbie Clifford: Thanks, Andrew. Q2 was a strong quarter across products and channels. Our end markets were broadly consistent with last quarter, with our strongest growth in North America and growth in Europe and APAC impacted by the war in Ukraine and COVID lockdowns in China. Total revenue grew 17%, both as reported and at constant currency. By product, AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT revenue grew 13%, AEC revenue grew 18%, manufacturing revenue grew 16% and M&E revenue grew 20%. By region, revenue grew 22% in the Americas, 15% in EMEA and 10% in APAC or 13% at constant currency. By channel, direct revenue increased 18%, representing 34% of total revenue while indirect revenue grew 16%. Our product subscription renewal rates remain strong, and our net revenue retention rate was comfortably within our 100% to 110% target range. Billings increased 17% to $1.2 billion, reflecting robust underlying demand. Total deferred revenue grew 12% to $3.7 billion. Total RPO of $4.7 billion and current RPO of $3.1 billion grew 13% and 10%, respectively, reflecting strong billings growth and, as we've highlighted in the last two quarters, the timing and volume of multiyear contracts, which are typically on a three-year cycle. Multiyear contract volume remained strong during the quarter, as expected and as you can see from the uptick in long-term deferred as a percent of total deferred. Turning to the P&L. Non-GAAP gross margin remained broadly level at 92%, while non-GAAP operating margin increased by 5 percentage points to approximately 36%, reflecting strong revenue growth and ongoing cost discipline. GAAP operating margins increased by six percentage points to approximately 20%. We delivered record second quarter free cash flow of $246 million, up 32% year-over-year, reflecting strong billings growth in both Q1 and Q2. We continued our accelerated share repurchasing during the quarter. We purchased 1.4 million shares for $257 million at an average price of approximately $182 per share, which, when compared to last year, contributed to a reduction in our weighted average shares outstanding by approximately three million to 270 million shares. While our capital allocation strategy remains unchanged, you can expect that we will continue to invest organically and inorganically to drive growth. We've proactively used our strong liquidity to repurchase 3.5 million shares in the first half of this year, front-loading the offset of next year's dilution. Now let me finish with guidance. The underlying business conditions we've been seeing are broadly unchanged. As I mentioned earlier, we're seeing strength in North America and continued healthy growth in Europe and Asia, outside of Russia and China, due to the geopolitical situation in both regions, as well as the COVID lockdowns in China. Our renewals business continues to be a highlight, reflecting the ongoing importance of our software and helping our customers achieve their goals. As we look ahead and as with previous quarters, our fiscal 2023 guidance assumes that market conditions remain consistent for the remainder of fiscal 2023. The strengthening of the US dollar during the quarter generated slight incremental FX headwinds, which reduced full year billings, revenue and free cash flow by approximately $20 million, $5 million and $5 million, respectively. Bringing these factors together, the overall headline for guidance is that it is unchanged at the midpoint across all metrics, with the underlying momentum of the business offsetting those incremental FX headwinds. We are narrowing the fiscal 2023 revenue range to be between $4.99 billion and $5.04 billion. We continue to expect non-GAAP operating margin to be approximately 36% and free cash flow to be between $2 billion and $2.08 billion. The slide deck and updated Excel financials on our website have more details on modeling assumptions for Q3 and full year fiscal 2023. While the challenges our customers face are changing, the growth drivers underpinning our strategy have only been reinforced, which gives us confidence in our long-term growth potential. We continue to target double-digit revenue growth, non-GAAP operating margins in the 38% to 40% range and double-digit free cash flow growth on a compound annual basis. These metrics are intended to provide a floor to our revenue growth ambitions and a ceiling to our spend growth expectations. Andrew, back to you.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Debbie. Our strategy is to transform the industries we serve with end-to-end cloud based solutions that drive efficiency and sustainability for our customers. Our business is scalable and extensible into adjacent vertical, from architecture and engineering to construction and operations, from product engineering to product data management and product manufacturing. It is also scalable and extensible between verticals, with industrialized construction and into new workflows like XR. By accelerating the convergence of workflows within and between the industries we serve, we are also creating broader and deeper partnerships with existing customers and bringing new customers into our ecosystem. For example, Kimley-Horn, one of the nation's premier planning and design consultants, expanded its EBA in Q2, broadening and deepening its long-standing partnership with Autodesk. In addition to increasing its utilization of Civil 3D and Revit and driving further operational efficiency gains through BIM and cloud collaboration, it also chose to expand use of Innovyze in its rapidly growing water practice to help drive more growth opportunities and productivity gains. As we highlighted last quarter, digital workflows are being adopted across the infrastructure life cycle from asset owners, architects and engineers to construction to drive improved efficiency and sustainability. The Indiana Department of Transportation, which was looking for an efficient solution to simplify its document management and field collaboration, is another good Q2 example. By adopting Autodesk Build and ACC Connect, it will improve communication and coordination throughout the construction process and streamline the documentation of citizen issues, resulting in less waste and more return per taxpayer dollar. Across construction, the industry continues to look to connect workflows from planning and design to preconstruction, construction and ultimately, operations and maintenance. And we are enabling our customers to connect those workflows on a single platform. For example, a commercial real estate and property management company focused on owners, investors and occupants was tired of having multiple platforms across the project life cycle, resulting in inconsistencies, rework and poor handoffs. In Q2, it adopted the full Autodesk Construction Cloud to connect preconstruction with project management. It added quantification estimating to building connected and BIM Collaborate Pro in preconstruction and Autodesk Build for project management to give themselves a competitive advantage and increase profitability to improved collaboration and data management. Across the globe, our customers seek to connect and streamline their construction workflows, and we are enabling and accelerating that through our partner network, launching Autodesk Build in new markets like Japan, enabling more data formats on more devices and delivering more value to our customers through account-based pricing. We're also giving our customers control of their data through Bridge, leveraging the power of machine learning to anticipate project risk and seamlessly connecting workflows like takeoff, estimating and budgeting to delight our customers and improve their productivity. With monthly active users growing more than 45% quarter-over-quarter, Autodesk Build is being rapidly adopted by existing and new customers to connect and streamline their construction workflows. Turning to manufacturing. We sustained strong momentum in our manufacturing portfolio this quarter as we connected more workflows beyond the design studio, developed more on-ramps to our manufacturing platform and delivered new powerful tools and functionality through Fusion 360 extensions. Customers continue to expand their adoption of the Fusion platform beyond design and engineering. This quarter, a US supplier of metal cutting tools chose to create a state-of-the-art collaboration tool on Fusion to enable its sales organization to demonstrate its digital manufacturing technology to customers. By enabling customer customization to be immediately reflected in factory manufacturing instructions, the tool will be a competitive advantage during the selling process. For Autodesk, it adds a significant new persona group to Fusion's addressable market opportunity. In automotive, we continue to grow our footprint beyond the design studio into manufacturing as automotive OEMs seek to break down the work silos and shorten the handoff and design cycles. For example, a top-tier commercial vehicle manufacturer renewed and increased its partnership with Autodesk as part of its strategic focus on building a sustainable product and service portfolio, which leverages new technologies and digital innovation to accelerate electrical vehicle solutions. In addition to Alias, which it already uses for surfacing work of all its vehicles, it is utilizing VR technology from the wild in combination with VRED and Navisworks to drive innovation and visualization from design and engineering through factory design. Our Fusion 360 platform approach enables customers to seamlessly connect workflows and push the boundaries of innovation through the advanced design and manufacturing technologies and extensions. For example, a global leader in seat manufacturing, which works with many major automakers worldwide, engaged Autodesk Consulting to develop a blended workflow across design, product engineering and manufacturing. The result was a seat that proves passenger comfort and safety while reducing the weight and number of parts. Using Autodesk design tools like Alias Conceptual Design and Fusion 360 thinner design, it was able to redefine the seat design with thinner seat sections and improved comfort and safety. Fusion 360's commercial subscribers grew steadily, ending the quarter with 205,000 subscribers and demand for our new extensions, including machining, generative design and nesting and fabrication continuing to grow at an exceptional pace. In education, engineering students are using Fusion 360 to learn the skills of the future in institutions like Grwp Llandrillo Menai, the largest further education college group in Wales. Students there are applying their studies to benefit local industry partners and businesses. For example, students recently used Fusion 360's cloud based data management and advanced 3D machining to help a local RV manufacturer improve its output by about 50%. The college is now planning to integrate Fusion 360 across its 11 campuses due to its ease of use, modern user interface, accessibility across devices and ability to collaborate on team projects and share data. And finally, we continue to bring more users into our ecosystem through business model innovation and license compliance initiatives. When one of our EMEA customers realized that some usage from its international offices was noncompliant, it needed time and data to better understand its users before purchasing subscriptions. By purchasing our first-ever 100,000-pack of Flex tokens, the customer gained instant access to Autodesk's portfolio of products and usage data to make informed decisions on its future subscription purchases while also opening up new competitive opportunities for Autodesk. During the quarter, we closed seven deals over $500,000 with our license compliance initiatives, three of which were over $1 million. Flex and Premium are also helping customers transition from multi-user to named user contracts. A leading supplier of concrete form work and scaffolding systems in Europe has been unifying internally around BIM to accelerate its digital transformation. It added Premium plan to its transitions and named trade-ins to centralize software management, enable user-based analytics and license optimization and benefit from single sign-on security. It can also purchase Flex token to cover its occasional user needs. Let me finish where I started. Strong demand and robust competitive performance delivered excellent Q2 results. Our subscription business continues to demonstrate its growth potential and resilience. By accelerating the convergence of workflows within and between the industries we serve, we are accelerating the digital transformation of our customers and creating broader and deeper partnerships with them. And by moving from products to platforms and capabilities and bringing those capabilities to any device anywhere through the cloud, we are expanding our opportunity horizon. Look for us to talk more about that over the coming weeks, months and years. We look forward to seeing many of you at Autodesk University in a few weeks. Operator, we would now like to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Saket Kalia of Barclays. Saket Kalia, your line is open.
Saket Kalia: Okay, great. Hey, Andrew, hey, Debbie. Thanks for taking my questions here.
Andrew Anagnost: How are you, Saket
Saket Kalia: Excellent, same here. Andrew, maybe first for you. Maybe we'll start to shift [Technical Difficulty] I wondered if you could expand a little bit on the comment around moving from products to platforms that we can all talk about [indiscernible] as the platform has evolved. But maybe you can just walk us through what that looks like in the future in terms of a platform from your perspective?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. I want to be careful not to give away all the AU tidbits in some of those discussions. But it's an important question. Saket, I -- to put it in perspective, right now, we sell literally hundreds of products. And the challenges for our customers is trying to find out which one of these products solve which problems for them and also the fact that a lot of these products don't talk to each other very easily. So when you're selling hundreds of products, it's really difficult to connect data flows across all those capabilities. It's also really difficult to uniformly deliver multi-platform support, multi-device support, cloud computing and AI automation, which is really challenging. So what we're doing is we're moving away from this kind of disconnected portfolio of products to really a set of platforms to target each one of our industries with some underlying core technologies that support all of it. That will enable us to actually deploy capabilities to our customers as they need them for particular types of process, right, advanced manufacturing capabilities on a time-bound basis or a consumption basis, accumulation capabilities on a time-bound basis or a consumption basis. So they get access to what they need, when they need it, and it's all unified from a data flow point of view. This is kind of going to be revolutionary for a lot of our customers in terms of the evolution and where we're taking them. So it's really valuable for our customers in terms of connecting how they work and the value they get from each one of our products. And it's really important to us in terms of delivering more layers of automation and power to them to the cloud. So it is a journey. It's not going to happen overnight, but Fusion is an excellent example of where we're going and how we could deploy some of these things to our customers, especially when you look at the way extensions work, consumption works on top of the Fusion platform. It's a good model for where we're taking industry platforms for each one of our industries.
Saket Kalia: Got it, got it. That's really helpful. And it sounds like it will be exciting at AU. [Technical Difficulty] a follow-up for you. Can you just talk a little bit about the multiyear [Technical Difficulty] business? How are those renewals? I know they're starting to trickle in from three years ago in a bigger way. How are those renewals kind of coming in versus your expectations? And maybe looking forward, how do you plan on phasing that option out, I think, [Technical Difficulty]?
Debbie Clifford: Sure. So we continue to track the multiyear cohort closely. Our proportional volume for multiyear has been in line with our expectations for the first half of fiscal 2023, so that gives us confidence in our fiscal 2023 outlook. We also saw long-term deferred revenue as a percent of total deferred revenue tick up. That, too, was in line with our expectations. As we look ahead to the transition from upfront to annual billings, well, it hasn't started yet. We anticipate that the transition's going to start in early fiscal 2024, and we continue to work through the programmatic and operational details to get there, things like a partner transition plan, back-office system upgrades. But I'll say again, it's our bias to go as quickly as possible. In the meantime, obviously, we're focused on closing out this year, making sure that those multi-years come in consistent with historical patterns. And the fact that they are is giving us that confidence as we look to achieve our goals for this year.
Saket Kalia: Got it. Very clear. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Phil Winslow of Credit Suisse. Phil Winslow, your line is open.
Phil Winslow: Thanks for taking my question, and congrats on another quarter, reinforcing how Autodesk grows is simply not as cyclical anymore.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks Phil.
Phil Winslow: Andrew, I just wanted to focus on the AEC side, because this is the area that I get the most questions on in terms of cyclicality, with two questions of my own for you. Firstly, what are you hearing from design customers in this segment about what continues to drive your incremental spending on Autodesk despite the cloudier macro? And then secondly, the 45% quarter-to-quarter growth in Autodesk Build MAUs in the slide deck and your commentary on just the BuildingConnected volumes also really stood out to us. Similarly, what are you hearing from these construction customers about why they also continue to lean in on digitizing their workloads in spite of the macro, or is this becoming because of the macro volatility that they're digitizing? Thanks.
Andrew Anagnost: Okay. That was a multi-part question. I will address it. So first off, let's talk about what we're hearing from design customers. The number one thing we're hearing from the design segment is the backlog of business, right? They have more business right now than they're able to effectively execute on. And the requirements of that business are increasing in terms of what kind of tools they need to use, how they need to approach the problems, owners, municipalities, all sorts of customers they deal with are putting more requirements on how they have to work. So they're all looking to up their game in digital tools. The biggest challenge we hear from these customers is hiring, frankly. We were hearing last year a lot of conversations about, oh boy, fixed bid contracts and inflationary pressures and all these things. As I've said previously, they bake these things now into their business bids and they're able to capture those costs in their contracts. But what they're struggling with is hiring. We're still growing even if they struggle to hire because they're getting people in but they have more demand for manpower and person power than they actually are able to capture at this point, okay? So that's something we're hearing really robustly. Now let's go to the growth in construction. First off, I want to give you my quarterly disclaimer. When you look at the construction business, the make number does not capture the full story in the construction business. The EBA growth is hidden in the design bucket. So when you count how we're doing with our enterprise business agreements and the overall territory business, that we grew close to 30% in that business. So that's really quite nice growth. And what we're hearing, and I'm glad you picked up on the 45% growth on monthly active users, we're hearing a couple of things. One, first off, we've lit up our territory business, our partners in the territory. This is driving a lot of really nice growth in the US and in Europe, and it's going to continue to drive that growth. And that's bringing us closer to certain customers lower down in the market, the mid-market and below, which I think is a really important point in our journey, okay. The other thing I want to talk about is when customers are starting to realize is they need a lot more than just a project management or a construction site management tool. They really are looking to their future, where they're trying to connect the design and the build all the way together continuously. And one of the big linchpins in all of that is preconstruction planning. The vast majority of the cost and complexity of a construction project is built in during the preconstruction planning phase. You get that wrong, you bid wrong, you come in with lower margins, you have more churn and complexity in your project. So this connection between design, preconstruction all the way to build is increasingly really important to their customers. So customers are taking a lot more time to evaluate what they're trying to invest in. And I think you also probably noticed, at least a little bit in the introductory commentary, that infrastructure is a big play for us here. So Department of Transportation, and you saw Indiana, the Indiana Department of Transportation lean into our portfolio for looking at their future needs. We're hearing more and more from Departments of Transportation that are really looking to upgrade and modify their stack to be much more designed to build on a much more modern cloud infrastructure. So there's a lot going on in construction, Phil, and it's coming at us from multiple directions, and right now, it's all positive.
Phil Winslow: Awesome. Appreciate all the details. Thank you, and keep up the great work.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks, Phil.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities. Jay Vleeschhouwer, your line is open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Good evening, Andrew, Debbie and Simon. Andrew, you have, by our calculation, the largest R&D budget in your peer group, but you don't necessarily have the largest headcount in R&D. And so the question is, particularly given your earlier comment about the large number of products that you're currently developing and having to manage, how you see or how are you working on improving your R&D productivity or effectivity, if you will, in terms of your core platform, your applications technology and ultimately, product usability to drive MAUs and further enlarging the installed base? And then for Debbie, you commented earlier with respect to your back-office as part of your initiatives over the next number of years. On that point, could you comment on where you are in terms of your operational capacity for the new licensing model and deliverables that you're going to have as you have an increasingly complex offering to customers in terms of Flex and everything else you're doing, the platform Andrew mentioned? Are you, in fact, going to have the requisite back office to handle all of that?
Andrew Anagnost: All right. So Jay, let me start with your questions. Yes, you are correct. We have the largest R&D budget but we don't necessarily have the largest headcount on R&D. Part of that is because of where we concentrate on R&D and what kind of talent we're pursuing. We're pursuing a lot of cloud talent, a lot of cloud-native talent, full staff development talent that allows us to build out the core cloud capabilities and continue to expand them. That talent resides in certain places, and it has certain costs associated with it and we think that's the right strategy. We don't hire a lot of R& D content headcount that's associated specifically with customer-specific development in, say, other parts of the world. So we do hire in specific areas because of what we're trying to do. And when it comes to developer productivity, you hit on a really important aspect of why do we have platform services? Why are we extending the depth and breadth of the things that we build in the platform services? One of the reasons we're doing that is to lift the burden away from some of these development teams on things like data flow, on things like visualization and capabilities that should be uniform across every platform or product that we -- or capability that we deploy. So more and more, as you see these -- the portfolio of platform capabilities not only mature but expand, it's going to increase the productivity of the teams that are looking at features that are facing particular industries and capabilities that are facing particular industries. It's a big part of why we have these services, and we're already starting to see some of those benefits, especially with regards to data flow, which is an initiative driven primarily by the platform organization within Autodesk. And it's being aligned across the various industries to make sure that we get the right kind of synergies and lift from our data APIs and our data connectivity. So yes, you will see increasing productivity associated with this. We're definitely spending on quality over quantity, and I think that's the right strategy for where we're at right now.
Debbie Clifford: And then Jay, to answer your question about operational capacity for things like new business model, I would say that we are well on our way on this journey but we still have some ground to cover in order to be where we need to be. And I think that, that's an appropriate place to be at this stage of the journey. Now of course, we don't launch new business models without the ability to support them, which is why, as one example, we are delaying the shift to annual billings until next year, so that we can spend the time that we need to be able to invest in our back-office systems to make sure that we have a good customer experience and that we have the right controls and automated capabilities in the back office. I mean, ultimately, this is something that we focus on not only to make sure that we have the capacity to support new business models but also so we can scale. If we want to achieve our long-term growth aspirations, we need to continue to invest in our back-office infrastructure in order to be able to scale efficiently, effectively and in an automated way to do it.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Thank you very much.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you Jay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Hedberg of RBC Capital Markets. Your question please, Matt Hedberg.
Matt Hedberg: Hey, thanks guys. Andrew, for you, the growth in Fusion 360 was really fantastic to hear. Can you talk about where those subs are coming from? Are these greenfield? Are they replacements? And maybe just a little bit more on with a lot of alternatives, why Fusion 360?
Andrew Anagnost: Yeah. So first half is a bit of a mix, all right? A lot of these are greenfield investors acquiring design software connected to connected to manufacturing software for the first time. But there's a lot of rip and replace going on. I think you've probably heard me talk many times about how we're going into accounts where people might have a seat of SOLIDWORKS and a seat of Mastercam or some kind of other CAM software and they're saying, well, Fusion is all I need. And we're -- we've been consistently creating and growing subscribers from that type of business. But what we're seeing more and more, and I think this is one of the things that is important about the user growth you're seeing, is that where we've gone in and we've started some department or part of a particular company, we're starting to grow the installed base within those companies. So we're still bringing in new customers, primarily along this design to make vector, but we're starting to grow within the accounts we've captured. This is the kind of flywheel you'd like to see as you start to mature a business, and we're starting to see some of that. The reason people buy is there is there's three kind of vectors here that people pay attention to: one, of course, is the price. The pricing model for Fusion is disruptive. It's native subscription-based. It's not a reimagining of an existing perpetual business. It's a native subscription-based business. It has extensions and things and consumptive models that allow people to pay for what they use and manage how much it costs from the use of software. They love that. Two, they love the design to make integration, the end-to-end integration from the design process all the way to actually programming and driving the machine on the shop floor. This kind of merger and convergence of design and make something that's really valuable to a lot of people. And the third thing might surprise you a little bit. It's our YouTube community. It's the amount of content that's out there on YouTube, which by the way, exceeds even much more mature products that are out there in the market, where people cannot only learn how to do something in Fusion, they can learn how to do it exceptionally in Fusion. It's a very passionate, very engaged and really very knowledgeable community that's publishing all this content. And people really buy for those reasons. They buy for the disruptive business model, they buy for the design make integration and they buy for the fact that they can find just a tutorial about just about anything you can think of to get really expert level in the product.
Matt Hedberg: That's super, super helpful. And then Debbie, the consistency is obviously really good to see. The macro environment, this is not easy, clearly, but the consistency was great. I'm wondering if you could talk a little bit about the linearity in the quarter. And maybe what are you seeing thus far in August?
Debbie Clifford: So the linearity that we saw during the quarter is consistent with what we've seen in previous periods. I would say nothing newsworthy to report there. And obviously, at this point, we're not commenting on what we're seeing in August.
Matt Hedberg: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Adam Borg of Stifel. Your line is open, Adam Borg
Adam Borg: Guys, and thanks so much for taking the question. Maybe just first for Andrew on the Infrastructure Bill. I know that's something we talked about in the past and the positive tailwinds that could have for Autodesk. So maybe just a quick update here. And then as I think about the recently passed Inflation Reduction Act, there's a lot of language in there about clean energy and sustainability. I'd love to hear how you think about that impacting Autodesk over time as well.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. And so first, let's talk about the Infrastructure Bill. As with any of these goals and like I've said in the past, the money is slowly trickling out, all right? And what you're seeing is people are actually starting to begin the process of planning around particular types of projects. But more importantly, what's happening is a lot of the recipients of some of these funds, particularly Departments of Transportation, are starting to rethink how they're approaching their design processes. And by the way, energy efficiency and sustainability play into how they think about some of these things. So remember, there was a seed money in that bill to enable Departments of Transportation to explore and expand digital transformation in their processes. This is bringing about a lot of introspection and thought within these departments. And they're starting to look at their next 10-year portfolio of tools. And they're looking to buy ahead of their ability to plan and execute some of these infrastructure projects. We are absolutely seeing that early activity with regards to our relationship with large firms like AECOM that engage in the infrastructure and how they're going to engage over the next 10 years and Departments of Transportation that have similar challenges and similar needs over the next 10-year period, okay? So that's something we're seeing live. Now with regards to the Inflation Reduction Act, the jury is out on that, all right? Anything that drives energy efficiency and sustainability is ultimately going to trickle down into what the requirements are for some of our customers, especially when electrification is becoming so important. So you're going to see a lot more electrification and efficiency spec for our customers. But unclear where that will fall with regards to impact on our business.
Adam Borg: That's great. And maybe just a quick follow-up, even on Matt's question on Fusion 360. Just on manufacturing more broadly, we'd love to hear more about Upchain and how that fits in the broader strategy you've been talking about here with Fusion 360 today? Thank you guys.
Andrew Anagnost: Yeah. So Upchain is the data management layer that's cloud-native that allows us to actually not only manage the flow of Fusion information environment but any other heterogeneous data that might exist in the environment. All of our customers live in a heterogeneous world. We will never have a customer that is uniformly using just an Autodesk product or just Autodesk's portfolio. So not only does Upchain bring us cloud-native data management, but it also brings us heterogeneous management of this data and the ability to manage this flow and reconcile things in the cloud, which has huge power for how people use data management in the future. If you look at the evolution of Upchain, it's going to more and more just merge with some of the Fusion life cycle and Fusion managed capabilities we already have and will become the native cloud data management platform for Fusion. So that's where Upchain plays. It's basically a deep and wide native data management platform in the cloud for us.
Adam Borg: Excellent. Thanks again.
Andrew Anagnost: You're very welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joe Vruwink of Baird. Your question please, Joe Vruwink.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Thank you. I guess, I'll stick on manufacturing because I think to get 16% growth there; the desktop products have to be contributing at a pretty high level. What's been the driver of success there? And then you shared an interesting anecdote just in automotive and seeing broader usage. How much can that same playbook be used in process or some of your other discrete sectors where you have exposure?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So you picked up on something, we're growing faster than any of our competitors, so we continue to take share in manufacturing. And yes, you're right, it's our whole portfolio that's continuing to grow the share in manufacturing. And why is that? So there's a couple of reasons. One, we keep introducing new technologies, all right? And we bring these new technologies to our customers in a way that if you buy the present, you get the future, right? So if you're buying and better, you get Fusion. And that allows you to not only feel good about the product you're using today but know that you're hooked up to where the company is going over the next five to 10 years. And I think that's a real competitive advantage for us in terms of how we bring technology to market. But you're also seeing us blend new types of technologies into the workflows that our customers are trying to do in automotive and other places. I think one of the things that was interesting about what I said in my opening commentary was the blending of both The Wild and VRED, which is -- The Wild was a very early acquisition and then we have VRED, which is an existing mature technology. People are exploring the intersections of various technologies that we have. And you've probably picked up on the fact that our strength in manufacturing has extended more into facilities management with large manufacturers and looking to manage their actual factory assets. So there's overlap associated with those things and there's some overlap with our AEC business with regard to that. But those are the things that are driving our growth in manufacturing. You're right, it's the whole portfolio. The whole portfolio is moving forward and you're also seeing obviously tremendous growth with Fusion, right? We have to maintain that. We like what we see, but customers like what we're doing.
Joe Vruwink: Okay, that's great. And then just trying to put the pieces together with guidance. So you're raising the organic forecast by a bit. This still sounds like it assumes the same underlying macro assumptions. So ultimately, it's Autodesk's execution that's driving the organic raise. I guess what is the driver of better-than-expected performance there?
Debbie Clifford: Ultimately, it is about execution but it's the momentum in the business that we saw, particularly as we exited Q2. So here's how we're thinking about guidance. We had that slight lead in Q2. But of course, we kept our full year guidance flat now at the currency headwinds. The guidance does reflect the demand environment that we saw as we exited Q2. That's consistent with what we've done with previous quarters. The business continues to perform strongly. We have that resilient subscription business model, which is durable during a potential economic downturn and we exited Q2, as I said, with strong momentum. So these are all the factors that are baked into our guidance. I also want to point out that we did retain a range of $50 million on revenue. That gives us some flexibility, especially with that subscription business model, which is more predictable and a significant portion of our future revenue is already on the balance sheet.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason Celino of KeyBanc Capital Markets. Jason Celino, your line is open.
Jason Celino: Great, thanks. It's good to hear the strong bidding activity through BuildingConnected. With customer backlogs still lengthened and these hiring challenges that you keep hearing about, is there any change to the lead time on the projects being bid on? I guess what I'm asking is, is the strong activity you're seeing for next year, following year, how does that kind of pan out?
Andrew Anagnost: You know what, that is an excellent question. I'm not sure I can answer it in a satisfying way. But here's what I will say. Current bidding activity is a predictor of future build activity, right? Bidding with contractors and other things is an early process in actually executing a project. So when you see an increase in bid activity on BuildingConnected, what you're actually seeing is an increase in the book of business of projects that will actually get executed downstream, right? So this is a good predictor of ongoing activity as you close a bid, you actually then move into execution with that particular subcontractor and some of the things associated with that. So it does give us a forward indication of how much site activity is going to be happening and how much actual real building is going to be going on. And that's one of the reasons why we highlighted one of the reasons we value that connection to the bid activity so much. Not exactly what you asked but that's the depth that I can answer at this point.
Jason Celino: Okay, perfect. And then on Innovyze, I think you mentioned it kind of in one deal in your prepared remarks, but how is it performing? Any change to win rates since you've acquired it? And then I think at some point, there was going to be some sort of subscription effort transition for the existing base. Any worthwhile update there?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So Innovyze continues to perform well. It's doing particularly well in terms of our EBA businesses. A lot of our enterprise business agreement customers are looking to incorporate Innovyze into their contracts with us, which is exactly one of the big synergies we expected when we acquired Innovyze. They have begun their business model transformation. They're in the throes of that right now. It's going quite well. We expect to finish that in a reasonable amount of time. So that's going quite well. But the business is doing well, and we continue to get a lot of interest not only in water in general from our customers, but also in the owner side of Innovyze where they're building solutions that actually manage the operation of the water facilities.
Jason Celino: Perfect. Thanks Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Jason.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Funk of Bank of America. Michael Funk, your line is open.
Michael Funk: Yeah. Thank you for the question this evening. A couple if I could. Just back to the comments of the uniformity of products as you move to a platform or saying you don't want to tip your hand here. But how heavy of a lift is this? And what is the timing involved? And then in addition to the increased attractiveness for customers, are there efficiencies that will accrue to Autodesk as well by adding more uniformity across the platforms?
Andrew Anagnost: Yeah. So first off, let's be super clear. This isn't something that we're just suddenly starting out of the blue, right? It's been going on for quite some time in various forms. It is the most mature in its journey in the manufacturing space with what we're doing with Fusion 360. And that gives you a lot of visibility to what happens and how the portfolio is consolidated over time. A lot of capabilities that exist as separate products have shown up as extensions and native capabilities in the Fusion environment. And that absolutely gives us long-term synergies where we're building on one environment versus trying to support the multiple products and their multiple needs. So you actually do get a lot of synergies. Right now, of course, we're double spending on a lot of things and we will double spend for some time. But the journey is not new to us. Fusion is quite mature. AEC is beginning its journey, seated with some of the cloud-native acquisitions we did particularly around what we did with Spacemaker, a team that has been very much focused on the future of how people do building information model on a cloud platform, building information modeling on a cloud platform. And we have other things that we'll be showing up in the media and entertainment space, again not wanting to tip my hand for some of the discussions we'll have later. But yes, there are long-term synergies here. We are absolutely and will continue to double spend for a period of five to 10 years on some of these. Products overlap for a long time. We've been through several transformations of products, AutoCAD and Revit, Mechanical Desktop and Adventure in the past for those of you who are familiar with some of those names. And yes, the overlap takes a while, but eventually what happens is most of the engineering effort and capability goes to the new platform and we evolve away in that direction.
Michael Funk: Understood, yeah. Long-term complex project. And then the earlier comments on the delay and shift to annual billing. Just want to make sure I completely understood. Was the comment that you wanted to make sure that the processes were better than they are now and the back office is better than it is right now? And if that's correct, I guess what were the issues that you were seeing that you wanted to streamline just to make that a more enjoyable process for the customers?
Debbie Clifford: Yeah. So first, let's level set on our intention to move from a multiyear upfront annual billings was always intended to start at the beginning of next year. So that's not any change that we've made on our side. And the reason why we did that was two-fold; one, we needed to invest in our back-office systems infrastructure to make sure that we could execute on this transition at scale in an automated way, such that our customers would have a good customer experience, and we would have the controls and automated processes in place that we need in our back office. So that's point number one. Maybe more importantly is point number two. Our partners are a really important part of our ecosystem. And so it was important to us to give them advanced notice, getting back to our last Investor Day, that we intended to embark on this journey so that we could work together with them to build the program, the policies and all the things that we needed to do to make sure that they were along with us on the journey and that the entire ecosystem benefits from the shift to annual billings because just like it will be predictable for us to have an annual billing cycle, so too will it be for our customers and our partners. But our partners needed time to plan. And so we wanted to make sure that we were collaborating with them in a healthy way as we move towards this transition.
Michael Funk: Yes, that’s pretty helpful color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bhavin Shah of Deutsche Bank. Bhavin Shah, your line is open.
Bhavin Shah: Andrew, we continue to hear very good things about BIM Collaborate Pro within the architecture and engineering customer base. Can you maybe better help us understand where we are in terms of adoption of Collaborate Pro within like the Revit customer base? And how we should think about the adoption curve going forward?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. It's an excellent question. Look, it's still actually really early. I mean, BIM Collaborate Pro continues to grow robustly. As you recall, when we were -- during the pandemic, we saw quite a surge in the adoption of that product, and the adoption of it has continued post the pandemic period as more and more people become aware of the capabilities of BIM Collaborate Pro. In terms of total penetration into the Revit base, it's still really early days in terms of penetrating the vast majority of the Revit base. In fact, interestingly enough, one of the biggest requests we get is to make BIM Collaborate Pro work as robustly with Civil 3D as it does with Revit. And that's something that we're addressing, which is another vector where Collaborate Pro is going to be able to penetrate the infrastructure space as well. Still really early days though in total penetration of the Revit base. Continues to grow. It's an on-ramp to digital preconstruction and Autodesk Construction Cloud in many ways. And we're really happy with the way customers are adopting that. It was one of the unexpected silver linings of the turmoil and tragedy of the pandemic that customers finally realize that, that is a utility that is valuable to them now and in the future.
Bhavin Shah: Makes a ton of sense. And I guess along those lines and you kind of intimated at this a little bit, like in terms of adoption here, have you seen that accelerate customers' journeys towards some of your other cloud-based solutions that you guys offer?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. It absolutely does. It's a -- I hesitate to call it an on-ramp to our full portfolio of cloud solutions. But what it does is it gives customers a lot of confidence in how the cloud actually changes their processes. They actually start to understand that, wow, this isn't just better. It's actually different and better. And it allows them and empowers them and encourages them to explore some of the other capabilities. Oh, maybe I should be doing a preconstruction planning in the cloud. Oh, if I'm doing preconstruction planning in the cloud, I should be doing online site management in the cloud as well. So it absolutely demystifies the cloud for them and shows some of the core benefits. It really does educate a lot of our customer base on why the cloud matters and why it's so important to their distributed and highly collaborative future.
Operator: We'll go to our next question, which comes from the line of Gal Munda of Wolfe Research. Gal Munda, your line is open.
Gal Munda: Thank you for taking my question. And maybe, Andrew, just for you to start. You are calling out the noncompliant users again, and it seems like you're running roughly at a run rate that you were pre-pandemic again. How much of that is just having a Flex model as well being able to go more effectively towards your accounts that already pay you but maybe not pay enough and now you have a tool in order to monetize that? And maybe just how big Flex could be in the future as you embark on that opportunity?
Andrew Anagnost: Yeah. So actually, Gal, you're picking up on something that was implied in the opening commentary that Flex is a highly valuable tool when you go and you reach the noncompliant users. In a lot of cases, what you're finding in a noncompliant usage situation is it's a multi-user situation gone bad, all right, where they've over-installed software or they've tried to use software in unlicensed ways. And what they're really trying to do is distribute usage, enable occasional usage and some of the things associated with that. Flex is an excellent way to walk into some of those accounts, and in a collaborative manner get them exploring other ways of engaging with Autodesk. And it absolutely will have some positive impacts on how we do license compliance business. Now as we look broadly at Flex, again, it's still really early days with Flex. We continue to see growth and we continue to see a lot of new users coming in with Flex. One of the growth vectors for Flex that I'm particularly excited about is in the long tail of our business. Because what Flex allows you to do, if you're in a smaller company, say you're in a five-person company and you want to occasionally use Revit for some of the projects you bid on, but the vast majority of your projects are AutoCAD or you want to engage in structural simulation for a particular product, the Flex model lets people dabble. It lets people engage with advanced functionality and advanced capabilities on a pay-per-use basis. And they don't have to commit to an annual subscription or a multiyear subscription to get some of these capabilities. So I think there's a lot of long-term growth capabilities built into the long tail of our business that Flex will likely unlock. The jury is still out. We're early on the journey so we'll see where that heads. That's one of the areas that I think is very interesting for Flex.
Operator: And as that is all the time we have for questions, I'd like to turn the call back over to Simon Mays-Smith for any closing remarks.
Simon Mays-Smith: Thanks, everyone, for joining us. We'll look forward to seeing, we hope, many of you at AU, Autodesk University, in a few weeks' time in New Orleans. I'm sure, I’m pronouncing the name correctly. Thanks, everyone. Thank you, Latif.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2023 Q1  (2022-05-26 17:20:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by and welcome to Autodesk First Quarter Fiscal 2023 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the call over to your host, VP, Investor Relations, Simon Mays-Smith. Please go ahead.
Simon Mays-Smith: Thanks, operator and good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the first quarter results of our fiscal ‘23. On the line with me are Andrew Anagnost, our CEO; and Debbie Clifford, our CFO. Today’s conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. You will find the earnings press release, slide presentation and transcript of today’s opening commentary on our Investor Relations website following this call. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements about our outlook, future results and related assumptions, acquisitions, products and product capabilities and strategies. These statements reflect our best judgment based on currently known factors. Actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Form 10-K and the Form 8-K filed with today’s press release, for important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. During the call, we will quote several numeric or growth changes as we discuss our financial performance. Unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. All non-GAAP numbers referenced in today’s call are reconciled in our press release or Excel financials and other supplemental materials available on our Investor Relations website. And now, I will turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Simon and welcome, everyone to the call. Today, we reported record first quarter revenue, non-GAAP operating margin and free cash flow fueled by strong demand and a robust competitive performance. The structural growth drivers for our business that were critical to our performance during the pandemic such as flexibility and agility continue to support and propel us during elevated macroeconomic, geopolitical, and policy uncertainty. These growth drivers further cement the important role we play in our customers’ digital transformation and increase our confidence in our strategy. Our steady strategy, industry-leading products, platform and business model innovation, sustained and focused investment, and strong execution are creating additional opportunities for Autodesk. By accelerating the convergence of workflows within and between the industries we serve, we create broader and deeper partnerships with existing customers and bring new customers into our ecosystem. A prime example of this is infrastructure. The combination of Revit, Civil 3D, Navisworks, Autodesk BIM Collaborate Pro, InfraWorks, and more recently Autodesk Construction Cloud and Innovyze delivers industry-leading end-to-end capabilities in transportation and water from planning and design to construction and operations. And our customers can extend those capabilities through our partnerships with Aurigo in capital planning and ESRI in geospatial mapping. This is important because governments and asset owners across the globe are investing growing amounts in next-generation infrastructure to meet the societal and environmental needs of the next century and are retooling now to do it. That equals opportunity for Autodesk. For example, in the first quarter, we signed our second largest EBA ever with a large global infrastructure company in a deal that included Innovyze and Autodesk Build for the first time. Across Autodesk, we are focused on unifying more common data and fluidly connecting more workflows in the cloud in ways that delight our customers and lead them to new, more efficient and more sustainable ways of working. And by doing that, we will move beyond carbon neutrality for ourselves to transform our customers’ carbon footprint. Together, we can design and make a better world for all that advances equitable access to the in-demand skills of the future. Before I turn the call over to Debbie to take you through the details of our financial performance and outlook, I want to update you on important decisions we made about our business in Russia. You will recall that the invasion of Ukraine occurred hours before our last earnings call. In light of the conflict, we halted all of our new and renewal business in Russia on March 3. We strongly believe this decision was the right thing to do and that it is in our long-term interest, even though it comes at a cost, which Debbie will detail in a moment. Of course, our immediate focus remains on the safety and well-being of our employees in the region, and we continue to monitor the situation closely. Beyond the immediate impact in Russia, other leading indicators trend positive. For example, usage remained steady in Europe during the quarter and grew in America and Asia-Pacific region; building connected bid activity again hit record levels; and our partner channel remains optimistic. The strong momentum sets us up well for the remainder of the year. Debbie, now over to you to take everyone through the details of our quarterly financial performance and guidance for the year. I will come back afterwards to provide an update on our strategic growth initiatives.
Debbie Clifford: Thanks Andrew. Q1 was a strong quarter driven by broad-based strength across products and regions. If we compare the revenue result versus guidance, the outperformance was due to that strength as well as the upfront revenue in a large EBA, which we had forecasted would close later in the year. Total revenue grew 18% and 17% in constant currency. By product, AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT revenue grew 21%; AEC revenue grew 17%; Manufacturing revenue grew 14%; and M&E revenue grew 24%. By region, revenue grew 24% in the Americas, 17% in EMEA, and 10% in APAC. Direct revenue increased 22% and represented 34% of total revenue, up 1 percentage point from last year due to strength in both enterprise and e-commerce. Our product subscription renewal rates remained at record highs and our net revenue retention rate was comfortably within our 100% to 110% target range. Billings increased 16% to $1.1 billion, reflecting robust underlying demand. Total deferred revenue grew 12% to $3.7 billion. Total RPO of $4.7 billion and current RPO of $3.1 billion grew 11% and 10% respectively, reflecting strong billings growth, and as I flagged last quarter the timing and volume of multiyear contracts, which are typically on a 3-year cycle. Turning to the P&L, non-GAAP gross margin remained broadly level at 92%, while non-GAAP operating margin increased by 6 percentage points to approximately 34%, reflecting strong revenue growth and ongoing cost discipline. GAAP operating margins increased by 4 percentage points to approximately 18%. As Andrew mentioned, we delivered record first quarter free cash flow of $422 million, up 34% year-over-year, reflecting strong billings growth in both Q4 and Q1. With the broad equity market pullback in Q1 and our strong cash position, we again accelerated our share repurchasing during the quarter. We purchased 2.1 million shares for $436 million at an average price of approximately $212 per share, which contributed to a reduction in our weighted average shares outstanding of approximately $2 million. While our capital allocation strategy remains unchanged, you can expect that we will continue to invest organically and inorganically to drive growth. Over the last two quarters, we have proactively used our strong liquidity to accelerate repurchasing and will continue to be opportunistic in doing so when market conditions allow for it. Now, let me finish with guidance. The overall headline is that the underlying business conditions that we’ve been seeing are unchanged save for Russia and the continued strengthening of the U.S. dollar. Our business continues to perform well and to post top line growth ahead of our peers. As you can imagine, we are keeping a close eye on the geopolitical, macroeconomic, and policy environments. But against that backdrop in Q1, renewal rates remain strong; multiyear billings were in line with our expectations; and we exited the quarter with strong momentum. As we look ahead and as with previous quarters, we are assuming that market conditions in fiscal ‘23 are consistent with recent quarters. The decision to halt our new and renewal business in Russia had a direct impact on our outlook. Billings decreased by approximately $115 million, revenue by $40 million and free cash flow by $80 million. Of course, we are not satisfied with that outcome, and we will work hard to mitigate the impact by accelerating our channel evolution, customer retention and digital growth initiatives and by doubling down on early successes from recent acquisitions like Innovyze. Beyond Russia, the U.S. dollar continued to strengthen during Q1. While we benefit from a robust hedging program, the pace of FX volatility has been incredibly rapid, and it’s having an impact on our fiscal ‘23 outlook, reducing billings, revenue and free cash flow by approximately $80 million, $20 million and $50 million, respectively. Bringing these factors together, we expect fiscal ‘23 revenue to be between $4.96 billion and $5.06 billion. We expect non-GAAP operating margin to increase 400 basis points year-over-year to approximately 36%, reflecting 1 point of impact from removing Russia from our forecast. We expect free cash flow to be between $2.0 billion and $2.08 billion. The slide deck on our website has more details on modeling assumptions for Q2 and full year fiscal ‘23. The volatile global environment has reinforced the structural growth drivers underpinning our strategy give us confidence in our long-term growth potential. We continue to target double-digit revenue growth, non-GAAP operating margins in the 38% to 40% range, and double-digit free cash flow growth on a compound annual basis. These metrics are intended to provide a floor to our revenue growth ambitions and a ceiling to our spend growth expectations. Andrew, back to you.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Debbie. Our strategy is to transform the industries we serve with end-to-end cloud-based solutions that drive efficiency and sustainability for our customers. Our business is scalable and extensible into adjacent verticals: from architecture and engineering, through construction and owners; from product engineering to product data management and product manufacturing. It is also scalable and extensible between verticals with industrialized construction and into new workflows like XR. By accelerating the convergence of workloads within and between the industries we serve, we are also creating broader and deeper partnerships with existing customers and bringing new customers into our ecosystem. For example, in AEC, AECOM is the world’s most trusted infrastructure consulting firm that delivers professional services throughout the project lifecycle from planning, design and engineering, to program and construction management. With growing investment in infrastructure, customers are increasingly seeking both efficiency and sustainability to meet ESG goals such as net zero carbon, resiliency, quality of life, social impact and safety. This aligns AECOM and its customers closely with Autodesk’s values and capabilities. In Q1, AECOM renewed and increased its EBA with Autodesk. The renewal promotes further platform standardization and now extends from design further into build with the addition of Autodesk Construction Cloud and from bridges and tunnels to water with the addition of Innovyze. Across the globe, our customers are seeking to connect and streamline their workflows. As we enable our partner network to distribute Autodesk Construction Cloud, we serve more of that growing demand. For example, Bravida, which is based in Sweden, is a leading provider of technical end-to-end consulting design, installation and service solutions across the Nordic region, focusing on efficiency and sustainability. It is responsible for the installation of fire sprinklers, ventilation, electrics and safety systems in the tunnels of The Stockholm Bypass Project, the largest infrastructure project in Sweden’s history. Having adopted Autodesk’s AEC collection and realizing 50% cost savings and a significant reduction in carbon dioxide using Revit in the design phase of the project, Bravida was looking for a complementary system to seamlessly connect the build phase. Adopting Autodesk Build enable it to connect office and field data and workflows in the cloud, standardize and track projects accurately and manage procurement and logistics, health and safety and cost more effectively and efficiently. With the launch of Autodesk Build, the introduction of an account-based pricing business model, distribution through our channel partners and giving subcontractors the ability to have their own instance of their data, we are connecting more workflows, both within construction and between adjacent workflows in design, preconstruction and operations and maintenance. After evaluating various project management solutions for more than a year, Donohoe Construction Company, a top mid-market GC in Washington, D.C., chose Autodesk Build to seamlessly connect project, site and cost management workflows. Autodesk’s industry-leading cost management system, which is integrated into and included with Autodesk Build, is anticipated to enable Donohoe to control change order management and reporting much more seamlessly with its project and site management workflows. We are excited to partner with Donohoe to build a sustainable future together. We are investing in Autodesk Construction Cloud to do even more. For example, we launched Bridge to enable subcontractors to have their own instance of their data, a critical factor in improving their business processes. We are also rapidly integrating ProEst so that estimates can be pushed to the cost module in Autodesk Build, enabling it to automatically create a budget. With strong growth from Autodesk Build and the benefit of recently launched ACC bundles for preconstruction and construction operations, Autodesk Construction Cloud reported its best ever new business growth quarter, with an increasing proportion of that growth coming from EMEA and APAC and growing contract size and renewal rates. Turning to manufacturing, we sustained strong momentum in our manufacturing portfolio this quarter as we connected more workflows beyond the design studio, developed more on-ramps to our manufacturing platform, and delivered new powerful tools and functionality through Fusion 360 Extensions. As we connect and develop new workflows in the cloud and provide more ways for customers to use our products, we have the opportunity to renew engagement with some of our legacy customers. For example, a high-tech manufacturer in Germany, which has been using Autodesk software since 1991, was using Inventor software purchased in 2018. By updating from a perpetual license to a product design and manufacturing collection subscription in Q1, the team will benefit from significant process and performance improvements, which alleviate mechanical engineering bottlenecks and better serve its high demand periods. Because of its familiarity with Autodesk, the customer enabled these improvements immediately and leveraged its existing IP without migration. We are happy to have them back on our latest and most secure software. In automotive, we continue to grow our footprint beyond the design studio into manufacturing as automotive OEMs seek to break down work silos and shorten handoff and design cycles. Enovate Motors, an electric vehicle manufacturer in China, added product design and manufacturing collections on top of its Alias and VRED subscriptions to achieve a seamless digital workflow across design and manufacturing. Enovate will be able to build higher quality cars more efficiently by connecting workloads in the cloud that enable more collaboration and better data integrity. Our Fusion 360 platform approach enables customers to seamlessly connect workflows while also delivering powerful tools and functionality to those that needed through extensions. For example, an educational toy manufacturer based in the U.S. started using Fusion 360 about a year ago and quickly recognized the impact working on the cloud would have on its ability to collaborate across sites between product design and product engineering. Q1 was able to seamlessly activate manage, nesting and product design extensions within the Fusion 360 user interface, giving access to even more powerful tools and functionality to those that needed it. For example, the Fusion 360 Manage Extension unlocks additional data management functionality to manage design changes at any stage of production with the click of a button using pre-built workflows. Fusion 360’s commercial subscribers grew steadily, ending the quarter with 198,000 subscribers with demand for our new extensions, including machining, generative design and nesting and fabrication, continuing to grow at an exceptional pace. Outside of commercial use, our education partnerships are helping students learn the in-demand skills of the future. For example, Government Tool Room & Training Center, or GTTC, is a premier vocational institution in India, with 6,000 students across 28 campuses. Q1 GTTC adopted Fusion 360 and its tool and die making courses, because it was easy for students to learn, spanned the entire course from conceptual design through simulation to fabrication, and gave students hands-on experience with next generation workflows such as generative design, 3D printing for additive manufacturing and digital simulation and generation of G-code outputs. And finally, we continue to bring more users into our ecosystem through business model innovation and license compliance initiatives. BESIX is a multidisciplinary firm whose contracts in construction, infrastructure and machine works often have a high level of complexity. To support its standardization effort across all projects of regions, the BESIX group uses BIM Collaborate Pro and Docs to collaborate on Revit projects in a secure common data environment. For additional security and efficiency, it now leverages our premium plan in Flex. By better understanding its usage through the enhanced reporting functions within our premium plant, it can provide access to occasional users through Flex while realizing the additional security benefits of single sign-on across its global employee base. We continue to work with our customers to maximize their access to current and secure versions of our software. For example, an international research institution in Europe, which is both students and employees, was mistakenly using education subscriptions for commercial use cases. By partnering with their leadership, we ensured the relevant departments had access to the necessary tools by combining subscriptions to our industry collections with Flex tokens. The collaborative approach resulted in a compliance deal of over €1 million. During the quarter, we closed eight deals over $500,000 of our license compliances, two of which were over $1 million. Let me finish with the story. I recently visited the FUTURES exhibition at Smithsonian Institution in Washington. I highly recommend visiting if you are in the area this summer before it closes in mid-July. It is the Smithsonian’s first building-wide exploration of the future. Autodesk partnered with Smithsonian to create an interactive experience called Future Communities that brings visitors together to build a sustainable community block using analytics and goal-driven design with Autodesk generative design technology. Guests collaborate both with each other and AI, adjusting the input they deem most important. Each guest takes on a different persona with specific goals and input factors, which include social, ecological and economic considerations, ranging from availability of green space and low-carbon transportation to the reach of public services and employment opportunities. The evolving community block is displayed in real-time, and the technology showcases the types of trade-offs necessary to achieve various outcomes. The exhibit structure was generally designed to be strong and lightweight, using sustainable materials and modular space frame components that can be easily assembled and disassembled for minimum construction waste. The exhibit not only represents Autodesk vision of the future, that of collaborative and connected workflows and data in the cloud that designs and makes a better world for all, that meets the challenges posed by carbon, water and waste, and that advances equity and access to the in-demand skills of the future. But in addition, the exhibit represents a very diverse set of visions for how the future may unfold. The one thing they share is an unwavering sense of optimism about what we can all accomplish together. Every day, our goal is to empower innovators with design and make technology that turns their vision into reality, helping them to achieve the new possible. I share this story because it gives me great confidence in the future of Autodesk and our vision of a better world, design and made for all. Operator, we would now like to open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Phil Winslow of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Phil Winslow: Thanks for taking my question, and congrats on a great strong start to the year. Now Construction Cloud delivered its best new business growth quarter ever. You signed your second largest EBA ever with an infrastructure company. And I loved obviously the example of a manufacturing vendor getting current moving to subscription from a lapsed perpetual license. But when you think about this, investors have been concerned about Autodesk’s exposure, specifically to these cyclical end markets and the potential impact to your business. However, the numbers you just report, the large deals you highlighted clearly don’t show this. So my questions are, what are you hearing from customers about why Autodesk is seeing sustained demand and what gives you confidence in the durability of these drivers?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So Phil, I think somebody wrote a report about us not being a cyclical business anymore. I can’t remember who it was.
Phil Winslow: [indiscernible] analyst, probably, yes.
Andrew Anagnost: Probably an incredibly bright analyst. So look, a couple of things happened in the quarter, and we’re projecting those forward through the year just consistently. And I think it’s important to kind of just talk about this notion of diversification not only of geographical spread of our business but disciplined spread and also business model spread, and I’ll talk about that on a couple of vectors . So first off, let’s just talk about what kind of highlighted in resiliency around our business. Throughout the quarter, the monthly active usage that we track regularly continued to strengthen throughout the entire quarter. It continued to strengthen right up to the end. Yes, we absolutely saw a pullback during the early part of the invasion of Ukraine in Europe, but that rebounded as the quarter progressed. So one, we have a strong demand environment, and we’re selling into that demand environment from multiple vectors, construction, infrastructure, and general building design as well as manufacturing. So we’re working across these things. And what was happening at the same time, and I think this is an important point about the underlying kind of health and resilience in our business, is even when we saw dips in our new business growth in Europe during – just as the invasion in the Ukraine started, which, by the way, recovered as the quarter progressed, renewal rates strengthened broadly. So we saw a broad strengthening in renewal rates. So that broad strengthening in renewal rate actually was able to offset some of the slowness in the new businesses. All of these things are things that we expect to see continue throughout the year and provide durability and stability for our business. Now, the U.S. was strong during the year as well. We did see some softness early on in APAC because it was most sensitive to the currency effects, but if you take out some of the COVID-effective regions like Japan and China, or just Japan specifically, we saw much higher growth rates in APAC than are indicated by the overall results. All of this is a balance between new business and offsetting impacts from renewal businesses. So between the diversity of – our geographic diversity where we’re kind of distributed across multiple spaces, the vectors of diversity we have around selling into infrastructure, construction, core design, manufacturing and the offsetting of really strong renewal rates – increasing renewal rates even in areas of weaker or at least some weakness in new business, that gives us confidence in terms of the durability for the rest of the year.
Phil Winslow: Awesome, thanks. Keep up the great work.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Phil.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities. Your question please.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Good evening. Looking ahead into next year, first fiscal ‘24 cash flow, a question as to how you’re going to work with the channel to get through that? 5 or 6 years ago when you went through your first multiphase transition in the model, you were very conscientious about making sure you’ve got the channel through all the changes in terms of upfront, upgrades, maintenance, and so forth. And so, when you look into next year and beyond, how are you thinking about preserving or managing channel margins, their cash flow, their recurring revenue streams as you go through that valley of your own cash flow next year and then look through a rebound in fiscal ‘25? That’s the first question.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Alright. Okay. So let’s start with that, Jay. So first off, let’s just back up and talk about the high-level principle that we’re working towards here, right? We’re trying to move away from these upfront multiyear deals to annualized billings. None of us want this. We don’t like the way it creates a lumpiness in our cash flow. Frankly, our partners don’t like the way it creates the lumpiness in their cash flow as well, and they don’t like discounting to get multiyear upfront deals closed. So you look at this, we’re trying to create a more stable, reliable, and predictable cash flow build-out beyond – FY ‘24 and beyond. Okay. So yes, FY ‘24 will be the trough. But after that, we’re going to grow much more consistently double digits out and predictably moving forward, which is what we want, what you want. We can’t get there fast enough. And frankly, our partners can’t get there fast enough. So we do integrate programs to help them get there. One of the core programs here right now is we’re encouraging them to work with us on conserving some of that upfront cash they are going to be collecting because that’s cash flow directly into the partner’s pockets, alright? And then we do adjust for early on some of their back-end incentives to ensure that they can transition smoothly from a cash flow basis and continue to do – to work and support our business the way they have. So it’s not that different from what we’ve done previously. But you’re right, we have to support them through this dip. But once we’re all through this dip, it’s this nice predictable cash flow buildup that we all want and is going to create a stronger and more reliable business and more durable business. They like it. We like it. And we’re helping them through it.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Thank you for that. Shorter-term question, you mentioned a couple of times so far on the call usage rate, which is always useful to hear about. Could you speak about that, Andrew, in terms of vertical or end markets? You spoke about it by geo and generally, but could you speak about it in terms of AEC including, in particular, ACC manufacturing and perhaps even what are you seeing in terms of standalone apps versus collection usage?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Here is what’s interesting, alright? And this is another one of these things that’s just really great about our portfolio is the increase in monthly active usage was broad-based. There wasn’t any particular place that was stronger or weaker than the other, all right? So we saw increases in monthly active usage of AutoCAD, Revit, Inventor, Fusion. And in fact, in Construction Cloud, we saw a 30% year-over-year increase in monthly active usage, which is a really nice surge on the Construction Cloud side. So there wasn’t any particular standout or holdout in those monthly active usage numbers. They really were broad across the spectrum. Now when you talk about collection usage, we don’t really look at it that way. I mean we just look at adoption with – adoption of the individual products. We don’t necessarily flag it according to a collection. But one thing we have consistently saw is multi-product usage continues to be robust in the collection environment. And actually, we’ve been slicing that data differently over time. So we got a better sense for how multi-product usage was moving forward. And it looks pretty solid. So the people who buy collections really are engaged in multi-product usage, but no hot spots or cold spots in terms of this monthly active usage growth geographic or industry-wise. I remember there was a slowdown when Russia invaded Ukraine, but it came back as the quarter progressed.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Understood. Thank you, Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Jay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Saket Kalia of Barclays. Your line is open.
Saket Kalia: Okay, great. Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions here. Debbie, maybe I’ll start with you. Autodesk did 34% operating margin this quarter, great to see. The guide is for 36% for the year. I know we’re taking a point out of that for Russia. So it’s not a huge ramp through the year, but it’s a question that we get nonetheless. So I’m just wondering for everyone’s benefit, you could just go one level deeper into some of the moving parts around the margin expansion this year, particularly in this inflationary environment.
Debbie Clifford: Sure. Thanks, Saket. So before I say anything, I want to let all of you guys know that I have a terrible cold. I say this now because I know my voice sounds gravelly. So I just figured I’d be upfront about it, so there weren’t any questions. I also – I don’t want you to interpret my unusual sounding voice as a lack of enthusiasm. Unfortunately, it’s just a garden variety cold, not COVID that I’m struggling with. So anyway, just wanted to be upfront about it.
Saket Kalia: I appreciate that.
Debbie Clifford: On to your question, at the end of the day, the biggest driver of margin improvement over time is going to be revenue growth. And it’s that revenue growth combined with our continued discipline with spend that’s going to deliver that leverage. For this year’s guide, the ramp to 36% is a little less peak because of the impact to the top line that we saw from Russia, and we had that impact flow through to the margin. We think it’s important to continue to invest to further our strategy. We don’t want to be doing any kind of knee-jerk reaction on spend because of Russia. Yes, the inflationary pressures that you mentioned are there. We’re monitoring them closely. But right now, we feel it’s all manageable. I’d also point out that the margin target at 36% represents a 4 percentage point improvement year-over-year. So we’re delivering considerable operating margin leverage at our scale. As we progress through fiscal ‘23, we’re assuming a gradual improvement in margin as the revenue grows and as we continue to tightly manage our spend. That’s a similar pattern to what we saw in fiscal ‘22.
Saket Kalia: Got it. Very helpful. Andrew, maybe for you for my follow-up. Thanks for the macro commentary. Great to see the consistent renewal rates and the increase in monthly active users. I was wondering if you could just look at it from a different lens and wondering if you could just talk about your new business, sort of how that trended in Q1 qualitatively, of course? And how you’re thinking about that as part of the full year guide?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So the new business trended pretty consistently in the U.S. throughout the quarter. It trended fairly consistently in APAC throughout the quarter. There was a slowdown during the Ukrainian invasion at the beginning that recovered as the quarter progressed. And what we’re doing right now is we’re looking at those new business trends, and we’re essentially carrying them forward into the year, expecting it to continue at kind of similar levels as we go through the year. Obviously, we saw a complete evaporation of new business in Russia and some impact in Belarus. But like I said, Europe recovered after – shortly after the invasion progressed. So that’s the way we’re viewing these. That’s the way they played out throughout the quarter, and we’re assuming similar performance throughout the year.
Saket Kalia: Got it. Very helpful, guys. Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Saket. Have a good one.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Adam Borg of Stifel. Your line is open.
Adam Borg: Great. Thanks so much for taking the question. Maybe just for Andrew, you spent a good – as a matter of time in your prepared remarks talking about infrastructure, including the largest EBA deal and just the breadth of your portfolio. So I’d love to just get an update on your conversations with the industry, how you’re thinking about the upfront or the existing infrastructure bill, latest thoughts on the impact to the industry and ultimately the impact of Autodesk, any such timing there?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So you probably read recently that no, not a lot of money has made it out yet. This is what we told you when the bill originally passed. It takes time for these things to make their way into the system. Most of our customers are in proposal mode right now. Departments of Transportation and other places are in proposal mode. Some grants have been awarded, and the money will start flowing soon. So we expect to see projects related to some of the infrastructure build spending to show up. We are particularly interested in the $100 million that’s being targeted to help departments and transportation drive digital technologies into their processes. And we’ve been talking to the Department of Transportation – the U.S. Department of Transportation on how best to kind of drive that into the DOT so that they can actually utilize that money to change their processes. But we haven’t seen a lot yet. But what we are seeing is customers like, for instance, what we saw with AECOM when their EBA renewals coming on, they are layering in construction cloud and infrastructure capability, specifically Innovyze in the AECOM deal to get ahead of some of this. Water is going to be a big deal in the infrastructure spending, and it’s showing up to be a big deal in a lot of places. I expect we’re going to see that trend continue as we head into some of the contracts actually getting awarded and the money actually flowing out of Washington, that people will buy, for instance, Innovyze on some of their renewals and some of their kind of deal discussions with us to get ahead of some of the things that they are probably going to be bidding on.
Adam Borg: That’s really helpful. And maybe just a real quick follow-up on the macro, obviously, you guys are very clear about the diversity of the strength that you’ve seen. And maybe I’ll just ask the diversity question slightly differently. In the past, you talked about a small end of the market, the mid-end and the larger end by different customer sizes, by employees or seats. I’m just curious, any differentiation you saw across the installed base, looking that way in terms of macro, both the installed base and new business there? Thanks again.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. No significant differentiation, actually. The low end of the business held up quite well, actually. And we have a standard clip of new customer acquisition that we see just about every quarter to manage our business. It didn’t change. It held steady and the new customer acquisition, generally speaking, the customers that have never been in our database before, generally come from the low end of our business. So the low end held up well. You saw the high end held up well. There was some pressure with regards to people kind of growing their installs, net revenue retention rate. So new inside of existing accounts saw some pressure, but not a lot. And actually, that improved as well. So, no discernible strong difference worth noting between the various segments.
Adam Borg: Excellent. Thanks again for the time.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Hedberg of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Matt Hedberg: Great. Thanks, guys. Hey, Andrew, maybe for you first. Obviously, I think we all understand at least that this business is not as cyclical as Autodesk of old. And I think that’s clear through the subscription transition here. Now if the global economy works is slow, I just wanted to double-click on really the value of your subscriptions and why these renewal rates could be better than a lot of investors perceive even if there is a slowing.
Andrew Anagnost: Well, first off and foremost, they need these subscriptions to do their jobs, right. They have to – they need the software to build their – to do their book of business, right. And if you look at our customers and you talk to our customers, and I am sure you looked at some of the indicators and some of the things that are out there. Our customers have a fairly robust book of business. In fact, most of our customers are building up a backlog. And if you have a conversation with them, their biggest challenge right now is I can’t hire, I am having trouble hiring, materials aren’t showing up on time. Like I told you last year, they were likely to price inflationary pressure into their bids. So, it’s not so much that they are dealing with cost compression between bid price and cost price. It has a lot more to do with labor and access to the materials for delivery. None of them are talking about pulling back anytime soon because of the backlog they are seeing in their business. So, they need the software. They need it. They need it now. So, they are going to continue to renew this software in order to keep using it. And they are looking to hire more people. They just can’t find them right now.
Matt Hedberg: That’s super helpful. Thank you for that. And then, Debbie, we will see if your voice can hold up here. Obviously, a big year for multiyear renewals that ramps throughout the year, but I am wondering, was there anything that surprised you about billings duration in 1Q? And maybe how might that progress as the year unfolds?
Debbie Clifford: Hi. Thanks Matt. Nothing surprising, we continue, of course, to track the multiyear cohort closely. And the proportional volume that we have been seeing for multiyear was in line with our expectations for all of fiscal ‘22 and also in through Q1 of fiscal ‘23. So, that gives us confidence in our fiscal ‘23 outlook.
Matt Hedberg: Got it. Well done guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Vruwink of Baird. Your line is open.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Hi everyone. One thing that stood out this quarter was the accelerating growth from the partner channel. How much would you credit some of the recent initiatives like opening up Construction Cloud or being able to get in front of customers with some of the new commercial formats as opposed to just kind of the general trends in the business that you have been talking about?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. That’s an excellent question. I can’t give you a particularly deep answer there. However, we did see significant growth in the partner channel with Construction Cloud, and we are starting to light up Construction Cloud in the channel, which is really important for us in terms of our mid-market expansion of that business. So, it probably had an effect on certain key partners. But to give you the exact detail about how much of that was related to new business within the channel versus their – the traditional business they are turning over, I can’t really give you an exact breakdown on that. Debbie, do we have any fidelity on that at all with regards to the channel business?
Debbie Clifford: Not at this point, I would say. I mean we saw broad-based strengths through the channel – through our channel partners during the quarter outside, of course, of Russia. And then that immediate slowdown that we talked about in Europe that then picked back up as we exited Q1. And we did see that momentum as we exited Q1. But I wouldn’t highlight anything specific. Certainly the success that we are seeing in Construction is helping. But remember, Construction, while it’s an explosive growth area for us, on the whole, it’s still a smaller part of our business. So, that strength is contributing to overall partner strength, but we are also seeing just broad-based strength through the core of our business as well.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. Great. And then I will ask another macro question. But can you maybe contrast the business environment we have been in late February onward? It sounds like, ultimately, trends have been good and stable. Contrast that with last fall. Obviously, inflationary pressures still around. They haven’t abated. We are layering on some incremental macro things, but it’s stability now as opposed to some moderation last fall, maybe differences or what you see is contributing to the stability more recently.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Well, if you remember back in the fall, I talked a lot about some of our customers being caught off-guard by the rapid inflation and supply chain difficulties. So some of our customers were on fixed bid contracts. And fixed bid contracts, when your cost of goods are going up, are really a serious issue for their businesses. So, their businesses were feeling a lot of pinch. Manufacturers were able to pass the cost through to their customers directly, AEC customers less so. So, manufacturers suffered more from some of the supply chain things. What you are seeing now is customers – they are not surprised by this. They know how to bid the contract. So, there is a general kind of bidding parity out there, and people are building in inflationary impacts into their bids and into their projects. So, that creates a much more stable environment for them with regards to having a book of projects that are – having their margins deteriorate rapidly and some that you want to get to that have better margins. So, what they are seeing right now is just a better spectrum of margins across the projects. That’s one key thing that contributes to the stability. Does that make sense?
Joe Vruwink: It does. Yes. Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost: And we fully expected them to do that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Keith Weiss of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Keith Weiss: Hi. Congrats and thanks for taking the question. Very nice quarter. Maybe following on that last question, really a two-parter. One, Debbie, when you are talking to us about the full year guidance, it seems like we are adjusting for currency. That’s just about it. It doesn’t sound like we are adjusting the forecast down for anticipation of any macro weakness or any further weakening of demand trends. So, one, I just wanted to clarify that side of the equation. And then two, if demand does weaken and you do see the macro impacts kind of catching up with all – in software land, what’s the reaction on sort of the spending side of the equation? Is the philosophy that we are looking to protect free cash flows, or is it the market opportunity is too big and we really need to keep investing for growth, and we are going to look to sustain and take advantage of your balance sheet to be able to sustain that investment and get ahead of your competitors? I am trying to understand kind of your philosophy on how you view potential demand slowdown. Thank you.
Debbie Clifford: Thanks. Keith, lots to unpack there. So, if I got lost a little bit as I go, please keep me on it. Let’s start with the guidance. The impact to the guidance that we are talking about today relates to FX and Russia. You said FX, but it also includes Russia. There is no change to the underlying business assumptions for the rest of our business, and that’s because we haven’t seen a change in the demand environment for the rest of our business. As a matter of fact, although we saw a bit of a slowdown focused mostly on Europe at the onset of the invasion of Ukraine, we saw a bounce back, and we really exited Q1 with momentum. And so that gives us confidence as we look to the rest of this year. And we have built into our guidance assumptions that reflect the demand that we saw as we exited Q1. And then when we think about margin, remember that with the subscription business model, we have a very resilient business model. Even with the adjustment to revenue for Russia, it was only about a point of our total revenue, we let that flow through to operating margins because we want to make sure that we are not doing any kind of knee-jerk reaction on spend. We think it’s important to continue to invest to make sure that we can further our strategy. I don’t think – I don’t see a scenario at this point where if the world – or the economy were to deteriorate even further that we would see substantial further pressure on operating margins because of that resilient business model. But of course, we are going to manage our business in the best way possible.
Andrew Anagnost: And this is absolutely the right time to invest in the business. When you are a business of our size with our resilience and our footprint, and you are up against smaller, less resilient, more challenged competitors, you invest. You invest. You pull ahead of the competition. You keep focused on the things you are trying to do. You expand your category leadership. You solidify category leadership in other places. We have got category leadership in 3D for BIM, which is a very important growth segment in AEC. We have got category leadership for design through Construction, in the Construction space, deals like deals like Bravida, AECOM, BESIX. These are all people trying to buy into this connected AI-driven cloud-based design through construction environment. That’s the category we are in, and we are kind of already the king. So, this is the perfect time to continue to invest. It helps you lap the competition. The competition will be able to invest to the same degree. I think this is not the time you pull back, right, especially given the underlying strength of our business. It’s solid. You can see it. We have got the multiple vectors of resiliency here and the kind of nice portfolio of options that we can leverage. I am definitely in a mindset that investment is good for us.
Keith Weiss: Got it. That’s super clear and long-term I think that makes sense.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Koenig of SMBC Nikko. Your line is open.
Steve Koenig: Hey Andrew. Hey Debbie. Thanks for taking my question. Debbie, I have a cold, too, and it’s not COVID. So, we are in the same boat. So, hope you get better soon here. I wanted to – I may have missed it and apologize if I did. But can you give us a little more specifics on when you saw business start to bounce back in EMEA, was it right at the end of the quarter? Was it a week after? Was it a little before? And yes – and then I have got one more for you, Debbie.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Actually, it was fairly short-term after the initial invasion. It was within weeks, alright. It wasn’t like it was a long thing. It fell off. It slowed down a bit as the invasion started. And then within a few weeks, it was rising back up again and back up to where it had started. So, it didn’t take that long. It surprised us, honestly.
Steve Koenig: And was it – I was trying to parse your earlier statements. Was it kind of balanced between new business and renewals, or was it kind of more one or the other?
Andrew Anagnost: Renewal stayed strength – strong throughout the entire cycle, alright. So, renewals kept building as the quarter progressed. There was never a slowdown in renewal momentum. A matter of fact, if anything, it just kept strengthening and strengthening, alright. It was only in the new business part that we saw a slowdown post invasion that recovered. So, no, renewals just kept building.
Steve Koenig: Yes. Got it. Okay. Great. And then for my follow-up, and actually either of you are welcome to answer this as you see fit. So, you raised prices at the end of March, and I am sure that’s all embedded in your guidance. And it allows you to invest appropriately and get to the margins you want. How do you think about in this inflationary environment your internal compensation trajectory and also what you are doing with partners? And how does inflation affect your plans there? What do you have to tweak or finesse to – you have very high employee retention, you have very good rates. So, how do you maintain that? Thanks and I appreciate taking my questions.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So let me – because there is two questions there. First, let me comment on the price increases so that we are all on the same page here. The price increases were highly targeted to certain parts of the world where we had artificially suppressed the price below our long-term goal of having standard euro, U.S. and yen-denominated pricing. So, what you are seeing is, in certain places, we are raising prices to equalize so that we can get to this kind of standard-based pricing that simplifies some of our go-to-market practices. So, we had some artificially suppressed prices in regions, and that’s what was going on there, okay. It’s – there is no change in our standard pricing policy. In fact, places like Europe did not see a price increase, alright. So, I just want to be clear, we are all on the same page with regards to pricing and the things associated with that. Now, with regards to inflationary pressures and uncertainty in employment area [ph], but we are no different, alright. We see pressure in terms of employee compensation and trying to help our employees navigate an increasingly inflationary environment. We increased our raised pool. We increased our bonus this year. And equally important, we are increasing our stock-based compensation, and you will probably see us continue to increase our stock-based compensation for our employee base. So, these moves were made and baked into the year well ahead of the start of the year to ensure that we were able to meet our employees or at least try to meet our employees where they were at. But we will certainly continue to look at our pay position. We will probably continue to see some pressure there in terms of staying competitive. We are retaining employees at high rates. We will also continue to use stock-based compensation more robustly and more broadly within the organization, which we think is good for the company, good for investors and good for employees.
Steve Koenig: It sounds good. Thanks very much Andrew.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Bhavin Shah of Deutsche Bank. Your line is open.
Bhavin Shah: Great. Thanks for taking my questions and I will focus my question to Andrew and say Debbie both of course. Andrew, just hoping to get to the call, you noted the robust competitive performance during the quarter. Can you maybe just elaborate on this? What verticals or products are seeing better success or even improved win rates? And what’s driving some of this?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Well, it’s basically every sector. I mean every one of our industries, we are growing faster than our competitors, alright. So, we are taking share as we are selling more seats in some highly competitive industries. So, you are seeing us doing well in AEC. You are seeing us doing well in manufacturing, both on seat counts and revenue counts, which I think is really important because you want to watch both of those performances. We even did quite nicely in media entertainment year-over-year. So, we are absolutely seeing broad-based competitive performance. I mean obviously, one of the places that we all watch is Construction, too. In Construction, if you look at the kind of the raw make numbers, we grew 24% year-over-year. But you got to remember, some of that construction that make opportunity is actually in the EBAs, which are counted a design. So, when you look at our total make performance and taking that – those EBA impacts where we kind of put – make components into the EBAs, we grew into the mid-30s. And Construction Cloud monthly active usage grew slightly north of 30%. This is all great, solid competitive performance. AEC – Construction Cloud of its best new business growth quarter. International growth for Construction Cloud was significantly higher than its regular growth. We are lighting up the channel in the mid-market. We are kind of solidifying our category leader position in this design through construction position. Essentially, anybody else in this player – this space is kind of outside that category, they are very niche or there is being waiting for the industry to move on and move past them. So, I think we are in a very strong competitive position right now. I think it’s our job to continue to maintain that. But it was across all the industries we serve.
Bhavin Shah: Super helpful. And thanks for that color. And just one quick follow-up. It was really interesting to see that large EBA deal include Innovyze, and these are good things here as well. Where are you on your integration plans just with this solution? And where are you in terms of evolving the product set here? And how do we just think about the pipeline of customers who are looking to leverage some of your water-based products?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Look, we have made really great progress integrating Innovyze in. The company was fairly similar to us when we bought them. So, there is a lot of things that are rapidly getting integrated. Of course, there are some product integration pieces and some back-office systems that are still kind of working through some of the integrations. But in terms of integration, that’s not a barrier right now to where we are at with Innovyze. One of the things that’s exciting about what Innovyze does is it’s already kind of fulfill the end-to-end vision for water that we have for construction and manufacturing. It goes everywhere from design all the way to operate. And it has some fairly sophisticated cloud-based tools for water infrastructure operators, sewage treatment operators, other water infrastructure operators that allow them to actually manage the facilities once they have been put into operations. So, it’s a very robust solution. It covers a very broad piece of it, and it fits incredibly nicely into our portfolio, both story-wise, strategy-wise, and frankly, sales motion-wise.
Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, that is all the time we have for Q&A today. This concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q4  (2022-02-24 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by and welcome to the Autodesk Fourth Quarter and Full Year Fiscal 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's program may be recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's program, Simon Mays-Smith, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Simon Mays-Smith: Thanks, operator and good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the fourth quarter and full year results of our fiscal '22. On the line with me are Andrew Anagnost, our CEO; and Debbie Clifford, our Chief Financial Officer. Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. You can find the earnings press release, slide presentation and transcript of today's opening commentary on our Investor Relations website following this call. During this call, we may make forward-looking statements about our outlook, future results and related assumptions, acquisitions, products and product capabilities and strategies. These statements reflect our best judgment based on currently known factors. Actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Form 10-K for important risks and other factors, including developments in the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting impact on our business operations that may cause our actual results to differ from those in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. During the call, we will quote a number of numerical growth changes as we discuss our financial performance. Unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. All non-GAAP numbers referenced in today's call are reconciled in our press release or Excel Financials and other supplemental materials available on our Investor Relations website. And now I will turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Simon and welcome, everyone, to the call. Today, we reported record fourth quarter and full year revenue, non-GAAP operating margins and free cash flow. Our strong results and competitive performance were underpinned by some perennial factors. Our ability to deliver greater value to our customers and partners through consistent investment in our technology, workforce and business model and customer experience. Let me talk briefly about each of these as they are just as important to our future growth as they have been to our growth in the past. All of our technology investments, be it in 3D and BIM, enabling workflows in the cloud in generative design, in make and in newer verticals like water and construction. All of them connect siloed adjacent workflows in the cloud and lead our customers to new, more efficient and sustainable ways of working. At Autodesk University, we announced we were moving from products to platforms and capabilities and bringing those capabilities to any device anywhere to the cloud. Fusion 360 is the leading edge of this transition and our recent acquisitions of Prodsmart and CIMCO will enable us to further digitize and connect shop floor processes and manufacturing to help build connected factories while providing additional on-ramps into and usage of our manufacturing platform. Similarly, our acquisitions of Moxion and LoUPE enable us to connect Media and Entertainment workflows and data from postproduction to preproduction. With Media and Entertainment signing its largest ever EBA in the fourth quarter, the ability to connect preproduction workflows further expands our addressable TAM. We're also continuing to invest in our workforce, attract and retain the best talent in our industries and cultivate a shared sense of purpose and of diversity and belonging. We recently received recognition for that work with inclusion on the Corporate Knights index of the world's most sustainable companies and the highest possible score on the Human Rights Foundation's Corporate Equality Index. We are proud of our purpose and unique culture, one consequence of which is relatively low attrition compared to our technology peers. This is another source of competitive advantage in tight labor market. It also means that when gifted leaders like Scott Reese and Pascal Di Fronzo decide to climb their next mountains, we have a deep bench of internal talent like Jeff Kinder and Rebecca Pearce; and alumnae, like Ruth Ann Keene, to step into their shoes. And finally, business model and customer experience optimization. This includes the shift from perpetual licenses with maintenance to tiered subscription, the shift from desktop multiuser licenses to named user subscriptions and consumption. The shift from indirect to direct, the shift from front-end to back-end payments to channel partners. And most recently, the shift from upfront to annual billing, all of which enable us to better serve more customers in flexible and customized ways. As of February 1, we unified all customer and partner-facing activities, marketing, go-to-market, customer success and customer operations under our COO, Steve Blum to give us a better end-to-end view of the customer experience and to drive sustainable competitive advantage and growth. While the pandemic and its aftershocks, mean we will fall narrowly short of the financial targets set more than 5 years ago, we have made tremendous progress through consistent investment in our technology, our workforce and our business model and customer experience which have added adjacent use cases and usage in our ecosystem, growing our addressable market and our ability to realize it. Importantly, the pandemic has accelerated the structural growth drivers underpinning our future growth. We have robust momentum as we enter fiscal '23 and over the long term. Now, let me turn the call over to Debbie to take you through the details of our quarterly financial performance and guidance for the year. I'll then come back to provide an update on our strategic growth initiatives.
Debbie Clifford: Thanks, Andrew. In an extraordinary year, we performed strongly across all metrics, perhaps best summarized by the sum of revenue growth and free cash flow margin for the year which was 49%. Our fourth quarter results were strong. Several factors contributed to that, including robust renewal rates, strong growth in subscriptions and rapidly expanding digital sales. Total revenue grew 17% or about 2 percentage points less in constant currency, with subscription revenue growing by 18%. Looking at revenue by product; AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT revenue grew 20%, AEC revenue grew 17% and manufacturing revenue grew 4%. Recall that Vault became ratable in fiscal '22 and that manufacturing also benefited in Q4 last year from a strong performance in automotive EBAs which included significant upfront revenue. Excluding these impacts, manufacturing revenue grew in double digits in Q4. M&A revenue grew 38% which included some upfront revenue from its largest ever EBA. Even if you exclude upfront revenue, M&E grew more than 20% in Q4. Across the globe, revenue grew 18% in the Americas and 16% in both EMEA and APAC. Direct revenue increased 27% and represented 38% of total revenue, up from 34% last year due to strength from both enterprise and e-commerce. We had our best ever revenue quarter for digital sales which helped annual e-commerce sales surpass $0.5 billion for the first time. Our product subscription renewal rates remained at record highs. And our net revenue retention rate remained strongly within our 100% to 110% target range. Billings increased 13% to $1.7 billion, reflecting robust underlying demand but also a tough EBA comparison from last year. Total deferred revenue grew 13% to $3.8 billion. Total RPO of $4.7 billion and current RPO of $3.1 billion grew 12% and 15%, respectively and as expected, reflecting billings growth and the timing and volume of multiyear contracts which are typically on a 3-year cycle. Turning to the P&L. Non-GAAP gross margin remained broadly level at 93%, while non-GAAP operating margin increased by 5 percentage points to approximately 35%, reflecting strong revenue growth and ongoing cost discipline. GAAP operating margins declined by 6 percentage points to 12%, primarily due to lease-related charges of approximately $100 million which reflects the progress we've made to reduce our real estate footprint and to further our hybrid workforce strategy as we announced on our last call. We delivered record free cash flow in the quarter and for the full year of $716 million and $1.5 billion, respectively. Having completed our first sustainability bond last quarter at historically attractive rates, we continued to optimize our capital structure in Q4 by accelerating our share repurchase activity. Given the recent pullback in our share price, we opportunistically repurchased shares at a higher rate than previous quarters which allowed us to offset dilution in fiscal '22 and to get ahead of a sizable amount of our estimated dilution in fiscal '23. The net result was a slight reduction in our weighted average shares outstanding at the end of the year. During Q4, we purchased 2.3 million shares for $613 million at an average price of approximately $267 per share. For the full year, we repurchased nearly 4 million shares at an average price of approximately $276 per share for a total spend of just over $1 billion. You'll see us continue to be opportunistic with share buybacks but our capital allocation strategy is unchanged. We'll invest organically and inorganically to drive growth as well as purchase shares to offset dilution from our equity compensation plans over time. Now let me finish with guidance. On our last call, we signaled that we saw FX headwinds and macroeconomic uncertainty due to supply chain challenges, labor shortages and the ebb and flow of COVID. That perspective hasn't changed. So the risk we highlighted 3 months ago is now incorporated into our fiscal '23 outlook. Beyond that, we did see further strengthening of the U.S. dollar, resulting in a slight incremental FX headwind to our fiscal '23 expectations. To put it in numerical terms, our fiscal '22 revenue growth reflects a 2 percentage point currency tailwind which with FX movements in the last quarter, becomes a roughly 1 percentage point headwind to fiscal '23 revenue growth. Similarly, FX moves during the fourth quarter resulted in an approximately $30 million incremental headwind to fiscal '23 free cash flow. Beyond FX, we are obviously keeping a close eye on the geopolitical macroeconomic and policy environment. But having said all that, our strong momentum and competitive performance in fiscal '22 set us up well for fiscal '23. And we've assumed that market conditions in fiscal '23 are consistent with what we experienced in the second half of fiscal '22. We expect fiscal '23 revenue to be between $5.02 billion and $5.12 billion with growth of approximately 16% at the midpoint and which reflects an incremental 1 percentage point FX headwind, as I mentioned earlier. We expect non-GAAP operating margins to be approximately 37% and free cash flow to be between $2.13 billion and $2.21 billion. The midpoint of that range, $2.17 billion, implies 47% growth and reflects the incremental $30 million FX headwind that I mentioned earlier. The slide deck on our website has more details on modeling assumptions for Q1 and full year fiscal '23. The pandemic has reinforced the structural growth drivers underpinning our strategy and we remain confident in our long-term growth potential. We continue to target double-digit revenue growth, non-GAAP operating margins in the 38% to 40% range and double-digit free cash flow growth on a compound annual basis. These metrics are intended to provide a floor to our revenue growth ambitions and a ceiling to our spend growth expectations. Andrew, back to you.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Debbie. Our strategy is to transform the industries we serve with end-to-end cloud-based solutions that enable our customers to drive efficiency and sustainability. Structural growth drivers underpinning the strategy have been reinforced by the pandemic, including increased workflow convergence and platform standardization, a growing focus on distributed working in the cloud, automation and workforce productivity and also the growing importance of sustainability. Our model is scalable and extensible into adjacent verticals from architecture and engineering, through construction and owners from product engineering through product manufacturing and product data management. And as I stated earlier, with our consistent investment in our technology, our workforce and our business model and customer experience, we are well positioned to realize these opportunities. And so by both leading and partnering with our customers on new ways of working, we will grow too. For example, Goldbeck is one of Europe's largest commercial design and construction companies and a leading practitioner of industrialized construction and they use Inventor, Revit, Forge and generative design on our platform to implement their precast and modular system concept. By standardizing the invisible and customizing the visible, Goldbeck has been able to design and build highly customized and aesthetically pleasing buildings reliably, quickly and efficiently. Having unified around BIM, Goldbeck is now seeking to grow and connect beyond the design process to further improve efficiency and reduce waste through design automation during capital planning, for which it is trialing Spacemaker and great collaboration across design and build phases of construction using Autodesk Construction Cloud. With the launch of Autodesk Build, the introduction of an account-based pricing business model and distribution through our channel partners, we are extending our reach into the construction market. For example, Lee Lewis Construction, an ENR 400 general contractor from Texas, has been driving innovation through construction technology for over 45 years. In 2021, it began adopting capabilities of the Autodesk Construction Cloud, beginning with Assemble for Virtual Design & Construction with the end goal of a full replacement of their product management software with Autodesk Build. By having one platform for the full end-to-end construction workflow, Lee Lewis will be able to more efficiently deliver extraordinary results for their clients, from concept planning to ribbon cutting. With strong growth from Autodesk Build and the benefit of recently launched ACC bundles for preconstruction and construction operations, Autodesk Construction Cloud reported its best ever quarter and accelerating growth in the fourth quarter, entering FY '23 with strong momentum. We continue connecting the dots in infrastructure too, most recently through the acquisition of Innovyze. Sustainable water is an area of opportunity for Autodesk across the globe. For example, Thames Water owns and operates one of the oldest and most complicated water supply networks in Europe, supplying 9 million customers in London and the Thames Valley. With InfoWorks WS Pro and IWLive Pro from Innovyze and an ongoing recruitment drive to double the size of their internal hydraulic modeling team, it is building a modeling center of excellence with a library of hydraulic models that can be run in near real time. When connected and compared with telemetry, these dynamic digital twins will become powerful planning tools, enabling Thames Water's teams to gain near real-time insight into system performance, leading to improved outcomes for the customers of today and tomorrow. I'm very pleased to report that Innovyze had its best quarter ever. Turning to manufacturing; we sustained strong momentum in our manufacturing portfolio this quarter as we connect more workflows beyond the design studio and develop more on-ramps to our manufacturing platform. In automotive, we continue to grow our footprint beyond the design studio and into manufacturing-connected factories as automotive OEMs seek to break down work silos and shorten handoff and design cycles. For example, a multinational automobile company which designs and jointly manufactures premium electric cars operates in 4 countries across the world and is currently in the process of expanding to a further 20. With its new EBA signed in the fourth quarter, it is not only adding additional users of Alias and VRED, it is also partnering with our consulting teams and product experts to both extend its in-house manufacturing capabilities with Autodesk Moldflow and working on the rollout of ShotGrid globally to help seamlessly manage and collaborate across its end-to-end workflows. Our platform approach gives new customers multiple on-ramps into our cloud ecosystem. For example, a European-based start-up that creates smart charging systems for EVs worldwide use a competitor's product and design but was also running into collaboration challenges due to the rapid growth of its business. It shows Upchain as its cloud data management system because it is easy to install, is up and running out of the box and enables all users anywhere and on any device to collaborate on up-to-date data in real time. And it is easy to add new users and scale with the hyper growth of the company. These are also all attributes of Fusion 360 and we hope to earn the right to connect more workflows for Upchain users in the future. Fusion 360's commercial subscribers grew steadily, ending the quarter with 189,000 subscribers. Early demand for our new extensions, including machining, generative design and nesting and fabrication has been strong and there has been significant interest in our upcoming simulation and design extension. While we often think of education users taking Fusion 360 with them into the workforce, our commercial customers are also taking Fusion 360 into education to help train their future workforce. For example, Lawrence Equipment, as a member of the Pasadena City College Advisory Board, showed the college how Fusion 360 had helped innovate and improve its design and manufacturing workflows, resulting in greater operational efficiency, improved productivity and higher quality production. Upon adoption for its machine shop program, the college immediately found that students using Fusion 360 are spending less time learning how to use the software and more time on the machines, learning important machining skills. The students also better understood how their work affected the company. As a result, Lawrence Equipment can hire from a steady pool of highly qualified Pasadena City College graduate, a win-win. With sustained demand for compelling content and growing pressure to produce that content more efficiently, there is increased demand for content creation tools and cloud-enabled production workflows in the Media and Entertainment industries. As a result, Media and Entertainment finished the year strong as companies emerging from the pandemic sought to connect siloed workflows and remote teams. For example, Technicolor, a worldwide creative technology leader, has renewed its commitment to Autodesk content creation and production management tools, such as Maya and ShotGrid. By standardizing on common tools across its global studios, Technicolor can unleash the creative potential of its remote and distributed workforce. By efficiently and securely connecting teams, Technicolor can continue to serve the growing demand for compelling content, redefining what's possible for storytellers and audiences around the globe. And finally, we continue to enable more users to participate in our ecosystem more productively through business model innovation and our license compliance initiatives. With single sign-on for improved security and user level reporting, our premium plan enables our customers to manage their software usage across distributed sites more safely and efficiently. As we help our customers understand the details of how they use our solutions, the better we can ensure their success by efficiently and effectively implementing them. For example, the ZETA Group, with 17 subsidiaries worldwide, specializes in planning, automation, digitization and maintenance of customized biopharmaceutical facilities for aseptic process solution. ZETA was looking for better visibility into its employee software usage in either administration of subscribers. In Q4, it doubled the number of premium plan subscriptions to gain comprehensive employee level reporting for better insight and easier administration. That visibility into employee software usage and easier administration of subscribers also makes premium plans an attractive solution for customers seeking to remain license compliant. For example, after identifying that a multinational consumer product company based in the U.S. had gaps in its account plan, we worked with its team to run a diagnostic scan to ensure it had access to the latest and safest versions of our software. This process identified gaps in software availability and license mix. Our collaborative helpful approach enabled more users to access the latest versions of our software and upgrading to our premium plan made it easier to administer and manage access in the future. During the quarter, we closed 16 deals over $500,000 of our license compliance initiatives, 4 of which were over $1 million. As I said earlier, by both leading and partnering with our customers on new ways of working, we will grow too. And while there will certainly be twists and turns on the road ahead, in many ways, the pandemic has accelerated the future and increased my confidence in our strategy. Empowering innovators of design-and-make technology to achieve the new possible also enables them to build and manufacture efficiently and sustainably. We continue to execute well in challenging times and look forward to Autodesk's next 40 years of excitement and optimism. Operator, we would now like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Phil Winslow from Credit Suisse.
Philip Winslow: Andrew, just a question on you -- to you about the supply chain and the labor disruptions you talked about on the last call. I wonder if you could just give us an update on that. Just sort of what were you hearing from customers over the course of the past -- in 3 months? And then really, if you could particularly focus on the AEC vertical because one of the things you obviously did call out in the slides was record construction property news and accelerating growth there.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Thank you, Philip. Good to hear from you. So yes, so first, let me kind of frame it this way. What we saw was the kind of improvement we expected to see when we talked to you about this in Q3. So we saw some nice improvement. Our customers are saying they're feeling like they're coming out of some of these supply chain constraints. Our partners are echoing some of these things. We didn't see the off too much stick expectations we had at the beginning of the fiscal year when we expected to see acceleration in the second half. But what we saw was consistent with what we told you in Q3 in terms of the improving climate, all right? So I think with regards to AEC, in particular which, by the way, I highlighted last quarter as being the key place that was feeling the most supply chain and cost pressure in terms of in-flight projects, that's where we saw the improvement. And yes, we did have a record quarter in construction and we did end the quarter with some nice acceleration and momentum heading into next year. But consistent with what we said in Q3, all right?
Philip Winslow: Got it. And then, just in terms of the backlog of projects you've been talking about for a couple of years now. Any thoughts on what sort of the customers are telling you about that? Do you think they're going to get unstick and sort of taken care of, call it, over the next 12 months? Or how are they thinking about that backlog?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So what I can tell you is that we monitor bid board activity and we monitor the growth in active projects on Construction Cloud and BIM 360 Docs. And what we're seeing in bid board is we're seeing consistent growth in bidding activity and we're seeing an increasing number of monthly active projects on our cloud applications around Construction Cloud and BIM 360 Docs. Those are usually leading indicators of project activity and backlog getting turned into active projects. So we consider those good signs, all right, in terms of how the environment is moving.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Saket Kalia from Barclays.
Saket Kalia: Andrew, maybe for you, a big renewal year here in fiscal '23. As we start to see maybe some more of those 3-year product subscriptions come up for renewal this year, what's the data sort of showing, the preliminary data maybe, on sort of customers' willingness to renew at that same duration. And perhaps just as importantly, their willingness to sort of expand their usage from prior levels. Does that make sense?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, it does make sense. And the short answer to this, Saket, is that the willingness to renew is the same, or in some cases, better than the willingness to renew the shorter duration contracts. So customers who like long-duration contracts, who like the price lock tend to continue to grab the price lock and move on. That's what we've seen this -- so far. Now in terms of their willingness to buy more during these things; well, that's going to depend on their individual circumstances. So I'm not going to give you any kind of specific numbers on how we're doing around their willingness to buy more. However, the net revenue to retention rates for the company are indicative of kind of how the global cohort of the company works with regards to this. So Debbie, would you like to add anything to that or comment on it?
Debbie Clifford: No, I think you covered it, Andrew.
Saket Kalia: Got it. Got it. Debbie, maybe for my follow-up for you. I mean, understanding that we're just starting out fiscal '23, I was wondering if you have any thoughts on how we'll be phasing out the multiyear product subscriptions in fiscal '24? And maybe just philosophically, how you think about the shape of that impact on cash flow now that we have a sort of revised fiscal '23 view. And again, I understand it's early but any thoughts on kind of how you think that works? And the best way to think about modeling that?
Debbie Clifford: Yes, sure. So we aren't giving specific guidance today for fiscal '24 and beyond as you know. But as you can imagine, it's a big area of focus for us. And we are retaining the framework that we set out at Investor Day, so let's just recap that again. It is double-digit revenue growth through fiscal '26, non-GAAP operating margins in the 38% to 40% range and double-digit compound annual growth in free cash flow through fiscal '26. Now that's after that expected decline in fiscal '24 when we institute our transition to annual billings for multiyear contracts. And as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, these metrics are intended to provide a floor to our revenue growth ambitions and a ceiling to our spend growth expectations. Now in terms of the decline for free cash flow, specifically in fiscal '24, I know there's a lot of interest in both the magnitude of it and the slope of it. And while we're not providing specifics today, here's how I think you should think about it. If I start with the slope, the slope of the free cash flow decline and then its recovery is going to depend on the pace at which our customers adopt annual billings. Right now, we intend to offer our customers a choice but we're still working through the programmatic details. Our bias is going to be to go as quickly as possible. But we have customer, partner and operational constraints that we're working through as we navigate the transition. And then to give you an order of magnitude, I'd say, look at long-term deferred as a percent of total deferred back in fiscal '20. It was in that high 20s percent zone and we should see something similar in fiscal '23 because it's that same cohort that's coming up for renewal. And so then as we move to annual billings, eventually that long-term deferred will go away. And again, our bias is to move as quickly as possible but we're still working through the operational details. We'll give you updates on all of this as we progress through fiscal '23.
Andrew Anagnost: You know, Saket, one thing that -- oh sorry, Saket.
Saket Kalia: No, no, no. Please go ahead, Andrew. No, please.
Andrew Anagnost: One thing that excites me about this post annual billings transition is that the free cash flow starts tracking to the long-term strategic drivers that I really like talking about. The digital transformation drivers that we talked about at Investor Day, including in the adjacent industries we were going in, these things are going to be what tracked and drives the growth and the behavior of the free cash flow going forward, as well as labelling all those -- leveraging all those growth enablers around business models and around noncompliance. And also, don't forget, long term, our whole effort to monetize the long tail with not only with offerings like Flex but with new types of digital channels that reach deeper into places where we might not be reaching customers today. So that's the exciting thing about getting through this for me is the free cash flow tracks with those long-term strategic drivers. That's going to be a really great outcome for us.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Andrew, Debbie, your slide deck is interesting in disclosing the 6 million subscribers at the end of the fiscal year which indicates an increase of about 700,000 from the end of fiscal '21. Is it contemplated in your guidance for fiscal '23 that you might be able to add a similar, if not larger number to the sub space this year? Second question, your disclosure about the digital sales revenue rate is very interesting. Having grown now apparently to be the plurality of your direct revenue, is it your view Andrew, that the digital sales could become perhaps evenly split with the named accounts and EBA business? Or do you think named accounts and EBA remains the majority of the direct business?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. All right. So first, let me address your first question. As you recall last year and this was on me, we had those up too much stick assessments of accelerating new business growth into the second half of the year, right? We're not assuming any of that moving into this year. We're assuming things stay exactly as they are and as the conditions that we see right now are. The exception I'll give to that is that in our guidance, we did not factor in war in Ukraine, how that might affect our business is completely unclear. I mean, I thought -- probably all of you heard President Biden's speech earlier today about some of his positions on this. But when it comes to looking at next year, we're assuming that current things move forward the way they are, right? And also, just remember, that some of those subscriber increases that you saw were a result of multiuser trade-ins as well, okay? I just want to make sure that we factor some of those things. But current course and speed is the general assumption here, right? Now with regards to digital sales. Digital sales is -- it's a great example. It's our fastest-growing channel. It's not growing at the expense of our partners. Our partners are growing robustly as well. It's also a great example of what we're doing with digital productivity for ourselves and for our sales force. The digital channel reaches customers that we believe we have not historically been serving well. And they have -- they are not only finding us and buying our existing offerings, they're also engaging on some of our more forward-looking offerings like Fusion 360. So that channel is going to continue to become more powerful. And as I've said many times before, as we look out to our long-term goal of half of our revenue being direct, half of that direct revenue is going to come from this digital channel. And clearly, you can see from the way -- what we've disclosed and the growth rates here, there is line of sight to those numbers over multiple years. And that channel is going to continue to help us reach deeper into the long tail. It's going to continue to benefit from the digital productivity tools we're building just to make our general overall sales force more productive. And I have high hopes for that channel in the future. Now Debbie, did you want to add anything about, for instance, since I mentioned the Ukraine situation, anything around the specifics about our exposure there? Or anything related to that? Or anything about the digital channel?
Debbie Clifford: Yes, sure. I'll cover Russia and the Ukraine. Just to be explicit, Russia and the Ukraine, they represented a bit less than 2 percentage points of our total revenue in fiscal '22. And we have similar assumptions in our fiscal '23 roll up. Obviously, events are unfolding live. That's a very fluid situation. It's a coincidence that our earnings call is today. So we haven't baked anything, any potential risk that might occur there into our guidance. We're going to be watching things closely because at this point, we don't know if there's any impact at all. We don't know if there is impact, if it would be localized to Russia and the Ukraine specifically or whether or not it becomes a broader impact across Europe and beyond. It's just too early for us to tell. What I would say, though, is that as we pointed out at our Investor Day, our business is more resilient now after the business model transition. So that's one positive in the midst of all this. But as you can imagine, it's obviously a situation that we're watching really closely and we'll continue to update you as we know more.
Andrew Anagnost: The net headline is, Jay, we've assumed that things are going to continue as they are current course and speed. There's no accelerations, no anticipated uplift or anything that we were looking for in the coming guidance or moving forward guidance.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Adam Borg from Stifel.
Adam Borg: Maybe just on the new product subscription growth in the quarter. Last quarter, you talked about that moderating to the mid-20s after kind of being in the 30% range in the first half of the year. I guess, how did that play out in 4Q? And I'm assuming, based on your prior comments Andrew, that whatever you saw in the back half of the year, you're assuming that going forward. But I'd love to hear a little bit more color, if you can, about how that played out in 4Q?
Andrew Anagnost: I'm going to let Debbie take that question, Adam.
Debbie Clifford: Yes. Sure. I'll go ahead and take this. So Adam, yes, we have been talking quite a bit about new volume and it is a metric that we monitor very closely. Our new volume growth decelerated a few points in Q4 and that's because of a tough comp versus Q4 last year but the growth was very healthy and it was in line with our expectations. And so that growth is effectively what we're considering as we build our guidance into next year and to just reiterate what Andrew has been saying, we're assuming that the demand environment, including that new volume growth, is built into our guidance and that there is no changes to the upside or the downside as we look ahead. But the bottom line answer is that the volume growth decelerated a few points but it was as we expected and still with very healthy growth.
Adam Borg: Great. That's really helpful. And maybe just as a quick follow-up. It's great to see the growing traction with Autodesk Construction Cloud. And kind of as you look forward a few years, maybe for you, Andrew, how expansive do you view the ACC opportunity relative to the current portfolio? And do you have any interest at all to go deeper into the financials aspects?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Certainly, at some point, yes. But look, I've always said that we believe the construction business is Autodesk's next billion dollar business. And I'd like to add just for those of you who are looking at these things, you're probably using make -- the make revenue growth as a proxy for what we're doing. I want to make sure that you remember that because we have a diversity of business models and we offer consumption models, account-based models, subscription models that we blend the actual ACC business between our design bucket and our make bucket. So, if you look at -- if you account for EBA impact on the make side of the business, the make side of the business grew about 30%, right? So we're looking at good robust growth here. I expect that growth to continue and I continue to say that construction is Autodesk's next billion dollar business and that should be the expectation in our group [ph].
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matthew Hedberg from RBC Capital Markets.
Matthew Hedberg: Andrew, obviously, it's great to hear the results on the Construction Cloud side. I'm wondering on the manufacturing side of your business, maybe using a baseball analogy, where do you think we are at in sort of the build-out of the manufacturing cloud business relative to maybe where you wanted to get to at some point?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, it's a great question, Matt, because we're kind of in this transitional phase now, where we built out the technology, we've gotten to the early adopter audiences. We've established a strong stronghold, a strong base for the product, a strong kind of early market for Fusion. I mean, you heard in the opening commentary about the 189,000-plus subscribers. We're now moving into the phase of kind of trying to drive the acceleration of the growth in that space. I think we're early on. It's probably the third inning-or-so in the process, all right? We're starting off on a good base that's -- the threshold that we've got with subscribers here is, for those of you who know the history of this whole space, that is an excellent threshold to build on. That's usually where you start to cross the threshold of getting more and more material to the business. And we've had a leadership transition recently with Scott Reese taking a great job off to go work for GE, one of our customers, by the way which is always good, really happy for him. And Jeff Kinder is stepping in as part of the succession planning process there. And Jeff Kinder cares a lot about scaling and scaling growth and scaling transformation. And I think his skill set is going to provide some excellent capabilities in this next phase but it's still really early, all right? It's still third inning-ish in this game. And I think we should expect that to look like that. But over the next 5 years, again, this is going to be a significant driver of that growth that we've been talking about beyond fiscal '24.
Matthew Hedberg: That's great. And then maybe just as a quick follow-up. I think it was about a year ago, maybe when some of the supply chain questions first started coming up. We talked to a number of your partners who suggested that people were using Autodesk as a way to reduce waste and just become more efficient with tight supply markets. As you reflect back on the last year, I mean, do you think that actually played out? And do you think that remains a pretty critical driver, especially in the world of supply chain or just broad ESG concerns?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, absolutely. It's only going to become more important. So we actually have really compelling stories of old line industrial companies using Fusion 360, for example, at its generative capability to actually lightweight and take out mass from products and reduce their material usage for things as simple as hydraulic equipment, all right? Real-world examples and we're seeing more and more of that. With regards to construction, every redo that you eliminate is a waste -- is a reduction in waste and carbon footprint for that particular project. And as you know, more and more, it's not becoming a choice for construction firms. It's becoming a requirement. There are more and more mandates about what the carbon footprint of a particular project has to be both this embedded carbon footprint and its lifetime carbon footprint. So this capability to reduce energy, select the right materials, reduce the amount of materials used is going to become a critical differentiator for lots of people. And it's really exciting to see some of these companies that you would never expect adopting some of our newest technology simply because it helps them address that key challenge for their businesses to be more sustainable and to be greener.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe Vruwink from Baird.
Joe Vruwink: First question was just more of a fact check on my part. But I'm wondering if the only change in the formal guidance you're providing today versus the preliminary view you provided last quarter, the only difference is just the strengthening in the dollar and the incremental FX headwind, is that correct?
Debbie Clifford: That's correct. The overall headline is that the numbers are consistent with what we talked about last call. We've just adjusted them for our latest FX assumptions. And that's causing about 1 point of headwind to revenue growth and another about $30 million in incremental headwind to free cash flow and that's been baked into the guidance.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. And then second question Andrew, I know you've said that AutoCAD maybe isn't the leading indicator that it once was but nevertheless, it did accelerate pretty nicely here at year-end. It might have been your fastest-growing business, if you've removed the upfront contribution from Media, so I'm just wondering if there's anything to kind of read between the lines there?
Andrew Anagnost: I think it's commensurate with an increase in monthly active usage which I still think is becoming a better proxy. So for instance, our total monthly active usage of all our products increased over 10% in Q4 year-over-year. So those 2 things correlate pretty closely. And I think that's still the proxy. But you're right, I think the AutoCAD performance is a result of that strong monthly active usage performance that we're starting to see heading into the fiscal year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Koenig from SMBC.
Steven Koenig: Was wondering about your -- in Q4, the kind of the elimination toning down the multiyear discounts. Kind of what was the reaction to that? And kind of how do you gauge what that will look like going forward? And then just for housekeeping, I missed the comment at the very start of the call about what drove -- the other line did very well. And I think there was some upfront revenue there. Could you just provide me that color again?
Debbie Clifford: Thanks, Steve. Just lots to unpack there but let's start at the top on multiyear. So yes, we did see a discount change from 10% to 5% in the past quarter. And obviously, when we adjust pricing, we do see some customers take advantage of the window and buy ahead of that when the price change goes into effect. We saw a similar behavior with this price adjustment and that's as expected. We're always going to be looking at ways to optimize our business. This is just one example of that. And I'd also say that the multiyear renewal rates remained firm even after that discount reduction. And then in terms of other revenue, yes. Other revenue tends to be a little bit of a mixed bag but the other revenue is in part what drove the beat in our Q4 revenue. And a piece of that -- the big piece of that is non-cloud-enabled products that we sell through our EBAs that are recognized upfront. We typically see our highest EBA volume in Q4. And depending on the composition of those deals, it can sometimes drive a slight surge in upfront revenue as a result and that's what we saw in Q4 in the beat in and what you're seeing in other. We continue to expect, however, that upfront and other is going to be a relatively small part of our business over time and that recurring revenue should be 95% or greater.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty from JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty: Debbie, I want to circle back to cash flow. You had made the mention that there are some constraints from customers and partners on shift to annual billings. Can you give us maybe a quick example of what some of those constraints might be? And why you might not just be able to rip off the Band-Aid and move quicker to annual billings now?
Debbie Clifford: Yes. So as I mentioned back at the Investor Day, we do -- the first part is operational. So we are upgrading our systems to be able to handle this volume of multiyear contracts with annual billings at scale our systems don't provide for that capability today and it's a major system overhaul that we're working on and it's going to take us some time. And we're looking at how fast we can create that capability and over what time period. Again, I'd say that our bias is that we execute on this transition right away when we get to fiscal '24 but it is going to take us time and continued investment in both dollars and people to make sure that our systems are set up for that. And so we're looking at that right now. The second piece that we talked about at Investor Day that still is important to us is that our partners are very important to Autodesk, very important to our growth, very important to -- in our ability to drive breadth and depth across the globe and engaging with customers. And our partners, we want to make sure that we work with them as we execute on this transition to make sure that we optimize not only for us and for our customers but also for those partners that are important to us. And so we're going to be looking at the programmatic details of that over the next year with an eye towards making sure that we've set ourselves up for success in the entire ecosystem as we get to that start of fiscal '24.
Sterling Auty: Understood. Makes sense. And then maybe one follow-up. Outside of the $30 million FX headwind on free cash flow for fiscal '23, how else would we kind of think about the bridge from the guidance that you've given to the previous long-term target that was there?
Debbie Clifford: Sure. So the previous long-term target was $2.4 billion. And on the last call, we talked about a couple of hundred million in risk to that, that was broken down roughly equally between the macro backdrop and FX. And then we have an incremental $30 million in FX now given the continued strengthening of the dollar in the last 90 days. So net-net, it's about $100 million in macro or business risk. Again, that we highlighted on the last call and then a total of $130 million risk from FX and that continued strengthening of the dollar and that's why you see the midpoint of the guide right there at that $2.17 billion.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jason Celino from KeyBanc Capital.
Jason Celino: Maybe just a couple for Andrew. I kind of want to go a little deeper on the architecture side of your business and this is obviously your bread and butter. How would you describe kind of the end market environment right now for that segment? And then what kind of growth initiatives should we be thinking of for this year and long term?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So architecture is coming out of this situation as coming out of pandemic, you've seen that there -- the index that drives our architecture activity is going up consistently. So architects are feeling better about the future and architects are also investing more in BIM which is the critical part of their transition from 2D-based practices to 3D-based practices. So that trend is going to continue. That's part of the bigger long-term digitization trend that we're seeing in architecture, in particular. More and more people are moving to 3D processes, 3D BIM and they're looking to adopt Revit and tools like Revit more aggressively so that they can stay competitive in the new world of the market. It's also a lot of increased labor productivity for them. So they're going to be looking at some of these new tools that allow them to do more with the labor pool they have, especially in the tight labor market. So that's where we're looking at with construction. The ongoing digitization move to BIM, that's going to accelerate as architects continue to get more optimistic about their project pipeline. But all the data is out there saying that we're seeing a better pipeline for the architecture segment.
Jason Celino: Yes. And then when I kind of just think about the architecture job, is it unfair to think that maybe that role, in particular, has been hit maybe harder than some of the other jobs within AEC?
Andrew Anagnost: It certainly was hit harder early on. There's no doubt about it, all right? It was the least prepared for remote work because it was essentially an office-type profession. It has adapted. They have certainly adopted our cloud-based tools at a rate significantly higher than prior to the pandemic. So they've gotten on to BIM Collaborate and BIM Collaborate Pro at higher rates than we ever saw previously. So they're adapting but yes, early on in this, the pandemic and in the last few years, they were hit relatively harder. But they're coming back and they're adapting. They still have to build up their book of business, they still have to build up their cushion but that segment is absolutely coming back. And it's coming back in the cloud too.
Operator: Thank you. That's all the time we have for Q&A today. I'll now hand the program back to Simon Mays-Smith for any further remarks.
Simon Mays-Smith: Thanks, everyone, for coming along. If you have any further questions, please do get in touch with me. Otherwise, we'll look forward to updating you on our Q1 results call. Thanks so much.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2022 Q3  (2021-11-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by, and welcome to Autodesk Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference may be recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to the VP of Investor Relations, Simon Mays-Smith. Please go ahead.
Simon Mays-Smith: Thanks operator and good afternoon. Thanks for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our third quarter of fiscal year 2022. On the line with me are Andrew Anagnost, our CEO; and Debbie Clifford, our Chief Financial Officer. Today’s conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. You can find the earnings press release, slide presentation and transcript of today’s opening commentary on our Investor Relations website following this call. During the course of this call, we may make forward-looking statements about our outlook, future results and related assumptions, acquisitions, products and product capabilities, and strategies. These statements reflect our best judgment based on currently known factors. Actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Form 10-K, for important risks and other factors including developments in the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting impact on our business and operations that may cause our actual results to differ from those in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. During the call, we will quote a number of numeric or growth changes as we discuss our financial performance and unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. All non-GAAP numbers referenced in today’s call are reconciled in our press release or Excel financials and other supplemental materials available on our Investor Relations website. And now, I will turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Simon, and welcome everyone to the call. Our third quarter results were strong, driven by one of our best-ever quarters for new subscriptions, record subscription renewal rates, a net revenue retention rate towards the high end of our range, and a solid competitive performance. We also grew RPO and billings 18% and 16% respectively, despite a tougher compare versus last year. Relative to the first and second quarters, the rate of improvement decelerated during the third quarter more than we expected. While demand is robust, we believe supply chain disruption and resulting inflationary pressures, a global labor shortage making it harder for our customers to staff new projects, and the ebb and flow of COVID are contributing to the deceleration, as well as documented country-specific disruption to AEC in China. Our conversations with customers and channel partners reinforce our view. We’re encouraged that embracing digital transformation to drive efficiency and sustainability remains a priority for our customers. Our end-to-end solutions, business model flexibility and platform position us well competitively and enable more customers to enter and remain in our ecosystem. As you heard at our recent Investor Day and at Autodesk University, we are rapidly innovating and optimizing our business to increase and realize the opportunity ahead. Notable milestones during the quarter included the launch of our Flex consumption model and our plans to combine technologies, connect processes, automate workflows, and unlock valuable insights for customers through our Forge platform. The recent report from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and the United Nations Climate Change COP26 meeting in Glasgow both underscored the urgency of reducing carbon in the earth’s atmosphere and the role that everyone, including corporations, needs to play. Sustainability needs to be designed, made and, in many cases, retrofitted in construction and manufacturing. This cannot be achieved efficiently or effectively without end-to-end software like ours to drive the process. This organizing principle affects not just how we deploy capital, for example through our investments to develop sustainable tools and our recent acquisition of Innovyze, but also how we source capital. Many of our largest equity holders already align to our sustainability goals and in the third quarter, we began to align our debt holders by issuing our first sustainability bond linked to our sustainability goals. Now, let me turn the call over to Debbie to take you through the details of our quarterly financial performance and guidance for the year. I’ll then come back to provide an update on our strategic growth initiatives.
Debbie Clifford: Thanks, Andrew. As Andrew said, our third quarter results were strong. Several factors contributed to that, including robust growth in new product subscriptions, rapidly expanding digital sales, and increasing subscription renewal rates. Total revenue growth in the quarter accelerated to 18%, and 17% in constant currency, with subscription revenue growing by 21%. Looking at revenue by product, the growth we saw was broad-based. AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT revenue grew 14%, AEC revenue grew 22%, and manufacturing revenue grew 16%. M&E revenue grew 17%. Across the globe, revenue grew 18% in the Americas, 19% in EMEA, and 18% in APAC. Direct revenue increased 34% and represented 35% of our total revenue, up from 31% last year, due to strength from both, enterprise and e-commerce. As you heard at our investor day, about three quarters of new customers to Autodesk are now generated through our digital channels, reflecting the strength of our simplified buying experiences. Our product subscription renewal rates reached record highs, and our net revenue retention rate was toward the high end of our 100% to 110% range. Billings increased 16% to $1.2 billion, reflecting robust underlying demand and a tough comparison versus last year when we signed two of our largest ever EBAs, including a nine-digit deal. Total deferred revenue grew 14% to $3.3 billion. Total RPO of $4.2 billion and current RPO of $2.9 billion grew 18% and 21%, respectively. Turning to the P&L, non-GAAP gross margin remained broadly level at 92%, while non-GAAP operating margin increased by 2 percentage points to approximately 32%, reflecting strong revenue growth and ongoing cost discipline. We delivered healthy free cash flow of $257 million during the quarter against a tough comparison from last year, which benefited from pandemic-related payment term extensions. Consistent with our capital allocation strategy, we continued to repurchase shares to offset dilution from our equity plans. During the third quarter, we purchased 980,000 shares for $287 million at an average price of approximately $293 per share. Year-to-date, we’ve repurchased 1.66 million shares at an average price of approximately $287 per share, for a total spend of $476 million. Looking forward, as Andrew said, we’re rapidly innovating and optimizing our business to realize the opportunities ahead. As we discussed last quarter, the shift of multi-year contracts to annual billings as we move into fiscal ‘24 will drive more predictable free cash flow and better price realization over time, which will make Autodesk a more valuable company. This quarter, we took steps to optimize our capital structure by issuing our first sustainability bond, which aligns our capital strategy with our sustainability goals while also extending our debt maturity profile by almost two years and reducing our weighted average cost of debt by 40 basis points. As we enter Q4, we intend to take steps to reduce our real-estate footprint because the pandemic has spurred changes in the way we work and we’ve moved to a hybrid workforce. As a result, we anticipate we will reduce the square footage of our facilities portfolio by approximately 20% worldwide and that we will take a GAAP-only charge of up to approximately $180 million, the bulk of which will be recognized over the next several months as we execute our plan. Optimizing our facilities costs will allow us to better deploy capital to further our strategy and drive growth. Now, let me finish with guidance. Demand was robust in Q3 and we expect it to remain so in Q4. However, as Andrew said, macroeconomic headwinds such as supply chain disruption and resulting inflationary pressures, a global labor shortage, the ebb and flow of COVID, and AEC in China are impacting the pace of our recovery. As an example, the growth in new product subscription volume decelerated from approximately 30% in the first half to mid-20s percent in Q3, which is more than normal seasonality and a tougher comparison versus last year would suggest. This dynamic drove strong billings growth in Q3 that, nonetheless, fell short of our expectations. In light of this macroeconomic uncertainty, as we enter Q4, we’re taking a pragmatic approach and are assuming that the supply chain, labor, COVID and country-specific challenges will persist. As a result, we’re reducing the mid-point of our billings and free cash flow guidance by approximately $150 million and $100 million, respectively, for full-year fiscal ‘22. Given the nature of our subscription business model and the greater degree of near-term visibility it provides to us and our expectation of continued strong spend discipline, the mid-point of our full-year revenue and margin guidance is broadly unchanged. We continue to target $2.4 billion of free cash flow in fiscal ‘23 in constant currency because we believe the current macro headwinds we’re seeing are transient. But if the growth deceleration and strengthened dollar continue through next year, we could see potential risk to that target of about $100 million to $200 million, based on what we know today. FX volatility is a big factor. Rate moves in the first half of the year created about $55 million in potential headwind to fiscal ‘23 cash flow. Since then and in the last 90 days alone, further rate moves created about another $45 million in potential headwind to cash flow. We’re obviously watching FX rates closely but it’s clear that if the current rates persist through next year, that risk could materialize in free cash flow. Beyond cash flow, if you further take the risk into account, revenue growth could end up at the low end of the CAGR we talked about at Investor Day and fiscal ‘23 margins could be impacted by about a point. We will, of course, update you on our next earnings call when we expect to have more visibility into any impacts from macro or FX movement on our fiscal ‘23 outlook. We remain optimistic about our growth potential beyond fiscal ‘23, continue to target double-digit revenue growth, non-GAAP operating margins in the 38% to 40% range, and double-digit free cash flow growth on a compound annual basis. These metrics are intended to provide a floor to our revenue growth ambitions and a ceiling to our spend growth expectations. Andrew, back to you.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Debbie. Now, let me turn to our strategic growth initiatives. Sustained and purposeful innovation to enable digital transformation in the industries we serve has changed our relationships with our customers from software vendor to strategic partner. And that is enabling us to create more value through end-to-end, cloud-based solutions that connect data and workflows, and through business model evolution. Our model is scalable and extensible into adjacent verticals, from architecture and engineering, through construction and owners; and from product engineering, through product manufacturing and product data and lifecycle management. By helping our customers grow and navigate their digital transformation, we will grow, too. For example, Bouygues Construction and Colas are leading construction and infrastructure firms based in France with over 100,000 construction employees operating in 60 countries across the globe. In the third quarter, they significantly increased their commitment to Autodesk products such as Revit, AutoCAD and Civil 3D following an accelerated move to BIM and digital work flows over the last three years, which significantly increased monthly average users. Similarly, Obayashi Corporation, one of the largest construction firms in Japan, which operates in 16 countries worldwide, is accelerating its global consolidation around BIM and a unified 3D technology platform to enable greater efficiency and sustainability. In the third quarter, it expanded its EBA with us. Over the last two years, it has more than doubled the number of Revit users and expanded its usage of Autodesk Construction Cloud to connect workflows from design through construction. We are further extending our reach into the construction mid-market with the recent launch of Autodesk Build, introduction of an account-based pricing business model and distribution through our channel partners. For example, this quarter, Jacobsen Construction Company, an ENR 400 general contractor in the United States, was looking for a long-term technology partner and to consolidate around a single project management solution that would increase the efficiency of its field teams while also seamlessly integrating with its accounting solution. While it had previously used a competitor solution for some projects, Jacobsen ultimately chose Autodesk Construction Cloud because of Autodesk Build’s robust field and cost management functionality, and the opportunity to integrate it smoothly with existing technology. With new Autodesk Build features and capabilities launched every two months or so, and the recently launched ACC bundles for pre-construction and construction operations, we remain optimistic about the opportunities ahead. We’re connecting the dots in infrastructure, too. For example, the Administrator of Railway Infrastructures in Spain, or ADIF, selected Autodesk products over competitor offerings to support its digital transformation. Backed by our common data environment, ADIF will leverage the Autodesk Construction Cloud to collaborate on project information, on-site development, and model coordination to ensure efficient and accurate construction of their railway network. Infrastructure remains an important opportunity for Autodesk across the globe. Our end-to-end solutions, which boost the efficiency and sustainability of customers like ADIF, as well as our ability to seamlessly integrate vertical and horizontal design and construction, give us a competitive advantage. Much needed additional investment in infrastructure in the United States and across the globe will restore aging infrastructure and increase the productivity of the economy. Perhaps more consequentially in the long term, provisions in the U.S. infrastructure bill, which encourages Department of Transportation to digitize their processes, should accelerate adoption of digital workflows and enable all infrastructure investment to become more efficient and sustainable. Turning to manufacturing, we sustained strong momentum in our manufacturing portfolio this quarter. In automotive, we continue to grow our footprint, beyond the design studio into manufacturing and connected factories, as automotive OEMs seek to break down work silos and shorten hand-off and design cycles. Ford, one of the largest automotive OEMs in the world, renewed and expanded its EBA with Autodesk during the third quarter, growing users of Alias and VRED in design and AutoCAD, Inventor and Navisworks in manufacturing, while adding Autodesk Construction Cloud and Autodesk Build in facilities and manufacturing to enable field access to plant drawings during maintenance and operations and equipment change over. Fusion 360 commercial subscribers again grew strongly without any systematic sales promotions, ending the quarter with 175,000 subscribers. While still early days, our new extensions, including Machining, Generative Design, and Nesting & Fabrication are performing well and there is major interest in our upcoming simulation and design extensions. Fewer promotions and growing demand for Fusion 360’s extensions are enabling us to capture more of the potential market opportunity and accelerate our growth. Fast Radius is a leading digital manufacturing and supply chain company. The company’s proprietary Cloud Manufacturing Platform combines software and advanced microfactories that enable its customers to flexibly design, make and move certified parts. Fast Radius already uses several Autodesk products. This quarter, it added Fusion 360 with the Machining Extension to support its in-house CNC operation and integrate it alongside its existing additive manufacturing offering. Fusion 360 enables Fast Radius to program a wide variety of parts more quickly, resulting in faster product cycle times. Outside of commercial use, there is a large and rapidly growing ecosystem of users that are taking Fusion 360 from education and home into the workplace. These will fuel commercial usage in the future. As one measure of this ecosystem, we ended the third quarter with 1 million monthly active users, up over 50% year-over-year. And they are doing some amazing work. On September 12, the Technical University of Munich’s TUM Boring team beat more than 400 applicants and 12 finalists to win the inaugural Not-a-Boring Competition. As Haokun Zheng, one of five leads responsible for project operations, said: “Fusion 360’s cloud-based solution enabled our 60-member team to collaborate remotely during the pandemic and design and build an award-winning 40-foot long, 22-ton tunneling machine. Throughout the year, we were repeatedly told by industry experts that the timeline we were aiming for was borderline impossible. But Fusion 360’s ease of use and integrated CAD, CAM and FEM enabled rapid simulation and improved the speed and efficiency of the design workflow.” And finally, we continue to enable more users to participate in our ecosystem more productively, through business model innovation and our license compliance initiatives. For example, a sustainable building engineering design solutions consultant in Australia, which has been an Autodesk AEC customer for more than a decade, added our premium offering in the third quarter to enable it to better manage its subscriptions and provide more secure single sign on across multiple offices. Across Autodesk, the number of premium subscribers increased more than 500% year-over-year. And in the Middle East, a large telecoms company undertaking its own digital transformation was seeking to increase efficiency and sustainability by adopting BIM standards and streamlining digital workflows while also ensuring license compliance across a fragmented employee base. During the process, we became the trusted partner of choice resulting in a significant investment in AEC Collections, AutoCAD, Revit, and 3ds Max. Year-to-date, license compliance billings across Autodesk as a whole are up 20% when compared to the same period two years ago and almost 50% year-over-year. In speaking with customers, partners and employees, we are very optimistic about the future. They have demonstrated grit and determination, inspiration and innovation, and agility and transformation during the pandemic. And while there will certainly be twists and turns on the road ahead, in many ways the pandemic has accelerated the future and increased my confidence that we are on the right path. We are executing well in challenging times and believe we have only significant opportunities ahead of us. I am reminded again that Autodesk’s purpose has never been more important or urgent. Empowering innovators with design-and-make technology so that they can achieve the new possible also enables them to build and manufacture efficiently and sustainably. Together, we can meet the challenges posed by carbon, water, and waste while also advancing equity and access to the in-demand skills of the future. Autodesk’s central role in meeting these challenges underpins my confidence this year and my confidence in the future. Operator, we would now like to open the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Saket Kalia of Barclays.
Saket Kalia: Okay, great. Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions here. Debbie, maybe we’ll just start with you. Just given some of the moving parts, I’d like to zoom in on the FY22 guidance a bit. You touched on this a little bit in your prepared remarks. But, can you just talk about what drove the change to guide in billings and free cash flow specifically? You talked about supply chain and FX. I was wondering if you could just go one level deeper. Just help us parse that out a little bit. Does that make sense?
Debbie Clifford: It does. And I think we’ll start with Andrew here.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Let me start and then Debbie and I will kind of tag team here on some of this. So first off, Saket, let’s make sure we all kind of level set on the business is strong. All right. You saw the numbers. We’re seeing tremendous growth. We’re seeing record renewal rates. We’re approaching net revenue retention rates at the high end of our guide, and they’re continuing to go up. That’s super important here. And we feel pretty good about where the business is going. So, the business is strong, and we’re seeing a lot of strength there. If you look at what we’re talking about here, we saw several things happened during the quarter, and we got this reinforced by our customers and by our channel partners. We saw deceleration in what we were seeing around monthly active usage and all things associated with that. And that then translated into to us kind of looking at our guide and looking at things going forward, and we pragmatically just assumed at this point that what we saw in the quarter is going to continue into Q4. And that’s what you’re seeing a pragmatic assessment that, hey, there’s kind of supply chain pressure, this inflationary pressure that’s kind of squeezing the margins of some of our customers is going to continue into Q4. If we look forward in terms of the guide in terms of what’s going on into next year, look, we assume two things. One, this interesting FX environment we’re in, which I want Debbie to kind of comment on again and kind of reinforce some of the things you said in the opening commentary, presents some potential risk. So, we want to flag those risks. In addition, if some of these supply chain issues bleed over into the beginning of next year, we wanted to flag some additional risk there, but there’s certainly a large currency headwind that we’re seeing. And I’d like Debbie to just kind of reiterate some of the things you said in the opening commentary, so we can all get on the same page about that.
Debbie Clifford: Yes. Let me go back to the fiscal ‘22 guide, first. Because I think one of the metrics that I talked about in the opening commentary pretty much says it all. And that is that for our new volume growth, we saw a 30% growth for the first half of fiscal ‘22; and then in Q3, it was in the mid-20s. So, it was still pretty strong growth. It just fell short of our expectations. As we look ahead, we did highlight the potential risks that we see to fiscal ‘23 free cash flow. And it’s true that FX, based on what we know today, is a big factor. It’s been highly volatile. The rate moves that we saw in the first half of the year created about $55 million in potential headwind to fiscal ‘23 cash flow. And since then and in the last 90 days alone, further rate moves created about another $45 million in potential headwind to cash flow. So, as you can imagine, we’re obviously watching FX rates closely. But it’s clear that if the current rates persist through next year, that risk could materialize in free cash flow. Our goal today was just to highlight the risk as we look ahead to next year. But it’s important to remind that overall, the strategy is working, and we have numerous growth levers to capitalize on over the long term.
Andrew Anagnost: We still see path -- constant currency path to $2.4 billion next year, but we want to flag these risk because we think that’s a prudent thing to do at this time, given what we’re seeing today right now. Not a guide. It’s a risk flag.
Saket Kalia: Understood. And I think that is prudent. Andrew, maybe just for the follow-up for you. Just maybe zoom out from the numbers and some of the moving parts as we start to think about next year and the years after. One of the things that I’d love to just get your view on is, now that we have an infrastructure bill in the U.S., can you just talk about a couple of the components that you feel could be particularly helpful for Autodesk’s business, and maybe when you think we start to see some of the benefit in your customer base?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So first off, let’s be very clear. We don’t have any infrastructure uplift built in any of our guidance or anything that we’re talking about right now, okay? These things play out over multiple years. This is a great bill. We’re really happy to see it. Included in the bill is a $100 million fund to accelerate investment in digital tools for Department of Transportation. We feel that that’s a good thing and it’s an important part of this bill from our perspective because it’s going to change the ecosystem. But these things play out over a long term. We’re certainly really happy about the fact that we have invested in water ahead of these critical investments in infrastructure because water is going to matter a lot. Clean water, water management in terms of flooding or storage of water, wastewater processing, all these things, water is going to be a big deal. So, we’re going to see our engagement in water projects probably increase over the next couple of years. But I want to make sure that we’re all clear that we don’t build these into our numbers right now, and we want to -- we’re going to wait and see how these things play out over the next couple of years, but we will absolutely see some of our investments in road, rail and water pay off over a multiyear period here. And we’re pretty excited about it. This bill was a long time coming. And I think the emphasis on digital transformation inside the infrastructure industry is going to be an important catalyst to modernizing and expanding what’s happening in our infrastructure and growth in the United States.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Borg of Stifel. Your line is open.
Adam Borg: Andrew, I’d love to kind of just go maybe another step deeper on what Saket was talking about. For much of the year, we’ve talked about this unwinding of uncertainty, and we talked about several factors today of where it sounds like certainty has -- uncertainty has kind of gotten higher again. Could you just talk maybe a little bit more about like an example or two of how supply chain issues or even pricing is impacting or inflation is having a direct impact on the ability to close deals? Just kind of help give an example like what’s happening from that. That would be really great.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Adam, it was an excellent question. So, let’s look kind of like back up to three months ago and set some of the context too, so that we kind of get a sense for this. Three months ago, we were heading into the quarter seeing strong renewal rates, projecting strong renewal rates heading in, we saw those strong renewal rates. We’re at record renewal rates. We’re continuing to see those things. We also saw monthly active usage increasing robustly, heading into the quarter. As the quarter progressed, that increase in monthly active usage decelerated a little bit. It continued to grow. It’s just the second derivative kind of went negative on us, and it didn’t continue to accelerate at the pace we expected to see. So, what’s driving that? For a lot of our customers, the book of business they’re seeing is robust. They have more demand than they’re actually able to fulfill on right now. And you can see it in all the indices and all the indicators. What you also saw during the quarter, these supply chain backlogs and these inflationary pressures peaked in the quarter and continued persistently throughout the quarter. So, while they have this big book of business, or they have existing ongoing projects, if you’re on the AEC side and say you’re on a fixed bid contract, you’re going to see margin pressure because your cost of goods to deliver the project that you’re working on is going up, as is your cost of labor and actually your labor pool is tight and constrained. So, you’re seeing all these factors increase -- pinching your margins and it’s affecting your buying behavior at some time. So, even in this environment, where we saw all of these forces, including the labor shortages and things associated with that, we actually continued to grow robustly, just not where we expected to. Now, if you’re on the manufacturing side, which you noticed we did very well and especially relative to our competitors. Even there, they’re not able to fulfill on all of the demand they have heading into their businesses. So, they’re not collecting cash as fast because they’re not shipping the products that they’re getting ordered from their customers. So, all of these things are playing out. It didn’t stop people from buying technology, but it certainly slowed down some of the activity relative to our expectations around people buying and investing in their technology portfolio. Does that make sense?
Adam Borg: Yes, that was really helpful. And maybe just as a quick follow-up. Obviously, at Analyst Day, we talked about some changes around billing terms, and you referenced it a little bit earlier in the call. Just curious how kind of early receptivity has been with customers as you kind of explained to them the changes that are coming?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So look, our moves with regards to changing billing terms and smoothing out our free cash flow trajectory over multiple years are unchanged by any of this. We believe this is right for the business. We believe it’s right for our customers. Customers are generally positive around these things because they prefer annual billings or in most cases, they don’t want to have to pay upfront if they don’t have to. Also, a lot of these things we’ve been talking about with regards to supply chain pressures, our view is pretty transient by us. These are not going to be persistent types of things. So, customers view these fairly well. Our partners are getting themselves around some of these activities right now. But, those plans are completely unchanged relative to anything we’re seeing right now, and it’s all full steam ahead on that transition.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Andrew, let me start with the circumstantial question. And that is, are there any operational changes that you foresee having to make? You just said that the circumstances are perhaps transitory. But in terms of, let’s say, what you call your early warning system, your usage telemetry, anything along those lines that you feel need to be updated, modified, amended in some way to at least take account of the current circumstances. And then, the points you made with regard to customers having a robust pipeline themselves, do you expect to be able to recoup at some point or over time the delta in the billings guidance that you’ve given now for fiscal ‘22? Do you think that amount of billings can come back to Autodesk. And I have a follow-up for you.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So first off, let me comment on the tracking. So, we believe our tracking is good because it actually showed us the outcome as the quarter progressed. We saw the mean [ph] over of the growth in monthly active usage and the associated impact there. So, it wasn’t lifting the way we expected it to in the second half. In fact, like I said, the second derivative change it eat over a little bit. So, these predictors, these tracking mechanisms we have, I think are still valid. They’re powerful. They actually gave us indications of things that were going on. I think we’re also, frankly, tracking the inflationary environment a bit more right now, trying to make sure what’s happening with the goods and labor pool that our customers are engaging with. We’re going to be paying attention to that. There’s hopeful signs out there that some of this is loosening up in some respects, but we’re going to be watching that. Now, with regards with some of the business coming back, it is absolutely possible that that’s the case. Our customers are definitely looking at a backlog of projects and a backlog of orders and all the things associated with that. I think it’s prudent at this point for us to kind of -- with the information we have right now, assume that we’re just going to see kind of an ongoing kind of impact for these things until something changes. But it is possible that some of this could come back as a result of releasing pressure. But it’s not -- I don’t think it’s prudent right now to declare that. I think we should watch this because we were all kind of surprised by the pace at which these supply chain pressures put pressure on our customers.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Right, understood. Now, for the longer term, looking past these circumstances, I’d like to ask you about something you said in your remarks at AU last month. You said "Autodesk will fundamentally shift how the Company delivers value." And my question for that is, was that another way simply of referring to subscriptions and consumption and flex, or were you referring to something else besides just the licensing model in terms of how you’re thinking about delivering that fundamental value over time?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Actually, Jay, that statement was not related to the business model as well. The business models will help facilitate delivering some of that value. What we were really talking about was how the platform and the tools are going to become these co-designers with our customers, how we’re going to be driving much more facilitated action with our customers through our products. There’s going to be a lot more real-time data visibility, real-time option visibility, real-time collaboration between the system and the designer or the engineer. That’s the major value driver change that we’re talking about. It’s not the business model changes per se. Those are enablers. They allow us to get some of this capability more effectively to a broader set of customers, which we’re actually pretty happy about. But, it’s that fundamental relationship with the product, this notion of co-designing with a computer and with a system that’s really going to change the way we deliver value.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gal Munda of Berenberg. Please go ahead.
Gal Munda: The first one, I’d just like to kind of focus on the reduced free cash flow outlook in ‘22 and then how that potentially translates in ‘23. The way I read or listened to your remarks was that FY23 risk, the change in outlook, so the risk is kind of all to do with the FX rates rather than the impact that you’re seeing on the lower billings for FY22. Is that correct to understand it that way, or do you think there is a carry-on momentum from lower billings of FY22 based on supply chain shortage and all that stuff into free cash flow for ‘23?
Debbie Clifford: Yes. So, the answer is -- it’s a bit of a mix. Go ahead, Andrew. Okay. The answer is that it’s a bit of a mix. So, the way to think about it, I highlighted risk of approximately $100 million to $200 million based on what we know today. And part of it relates to the subscription basis of our business model. So, given that billings are falling short of our expectations for this year, we’re flowing through that risk into the free cash flow that we’re talking about next year. And the other part of it is FX. So, it’s roughly half and half.
Gal Munda: That’s really helpful and very clear. Thank you. And then, I just want to really focus on the different drivers of that kind of changed outlook, especially for this year. The long-term deferred revenues of a portion of total deferred revenue is falling kind of just below that mid -- whatever we say, mid-20s in terms of like, let’s say, 23% is kind of towards the lower end of that. Is that something you’d expect in Q4 to kind of pick up towards the 25%, or do you think that the acceleration of the transition away from multiyear billings is also something that is really driving the outlook for the billings itself because the revenue numbers seem to be strong?
Debbie Clifford: Yes. So, the way that we think about deferred revenue and the long-term contribution to deferred revenue being in roughly about mid-20s is not going to change. So, what we’re seeing here is an impact from macro on our billings outlook for this year that we’re then highlighting risk as we get into next year. But, the proportion of our business from multiyear contracts built up front for this year and into next year is in line with our expectations. We’ve been monitoring the multiyear cohort this year. And even in Q3, it was quite strong. And so, that’s not something that’s changing. And so, the follow-on impact of deferred revenue is that that wouldn’t change as well. We still would see roughly 20% being that long-term deferred revenue.
Gal Munda: Okay. So, it doesn’t -- so the multiyear billings contribution change didn’t have any impact on the billings outlook change that you have?
Debbie Clifford: That’s correct. Yes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Hedberg of RBC Capital Markets. Your question, please?
Matt Hedberg: Debbie, maybe just a clarification for you. I think you noted in your script that you believe the fiscal ‘20 to fiscal ‘23 revenue CAGR will be at the lower end of that 16% to 18% guide. If I do some quick math, does that imply fiscal ‘23 revenue will grow about 17%, per your comment?
Debbie Clifford: Well, you are interpreting correctly that I said that if the risk materializes that we’re seeing today, in our numbers, yes, next year, we would be at the low end of the revenue CAGR of 16% to 18% that we talked about at our Investor Day. And while we’re not providing specific guidance on revenue for next year, directionally, your math computes.
Matt Hedberg: Got it. Okay. And then, maybe just one other. I think we’re all kind of looking at cRPO as a helpful metric, kind of judge the business as well. And I know you don’t guide to cRPO, but any sort of commentary on how that might trend into 4Q?
Debbie Clifford: Yes. So, let’s start with Q3. The cRPO growth decelerated, mainly because of declining contribution from multiyear EBA deals that closed in fiscal ‘20 which are entering the final year of their term. That growth deceleration was in line with our expectations, and it’s something that we signaled on our last earnings call. We anticipate over time that the growth rates for cRPO and revenue will gradually converge over time. But also that that RPO growth rate is going to continue to be influenced by the timing and volume of EBAs. And so, given that Q4 is a big EBA quarter for us, that’s going to have a big impact on the growth rate next quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Winslow of Credit Suisse.
Phil Winslow: Andrew, I just wanted to dig in a little bit on where you’re seeing those changes in the second derivative, particularly in the AEC side of the house. One of the things you talked about a lot is that as that Autodesk has solutions in different parts of the life cycle in the AEC world, planning, actually putting the nail on the wood, et cetera. When you look at those second derivatives, where did you see that in the life cycle? And how are you thinking about that in Q4?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So again, I want to make sure that we’re clear on some of these things. The business was very strong. And that second derivative was a slowing down of the acceleration that we were expecting to see coming into the second half of the year. So, it’s a slowing down, it’s not a decline. I just want to be super clear on that so that we can get all positioned on that. Now, in terms of where we think this is going to head out. We continue to think that these monthly active usage rates are going to continue to grow and that we’re going to continue to see increases associated with these things. We’re just prudently assuming that what we saw in Q3 continues into Q4 because based on what we wanted to see was like this uplift in monthly active usage at a higher rate than what we saw, it’s probably a safe bet to just assume this is going to coast into Q4. If something changes, if these pressures start to relieve and start to relax, we could absolutely see an improving environment. But the business is strong. The renewal rates are strong. The underlying fundamentals of the business are strong. The net retention revenue -- rates are strong. The slowdown was rather broad brush, except for the country-specific issues that we highlighted in China. So, there was no one product area that saw a slowing. But I want you to note something pretty important here. Look at the competitive position that we came out of this year, particularly in manufacturing and other places. We’re growing much more robustly than any of our competition in the space. It’s just we have high expectations and we wanted to see some of those high expectations fulfilled. So, that’s how we view this right now, and that’s how we’re viewing it heading into the rest of the year. Does that answer your question, or did you want to clarify something?
Phil Winslow: No, no. That’s helpful. Thank you. And then, also just help me drilling just in the markets by geography. I mean, obviously, we have the reported numbers, but anything you’d sort of call out within that whether it be by vertical, by geography, or how you’re thinking about Q4? And then, I’ll go back in the queue.
Andrew Anagnost: The one thing I’ll just highlight, say, we talked about the softness in China that was specifically in AEC. We actually did well in manufacturing in China. So softness was not uniform in China across all of our businesses. But in general, what we saw was a kind of a broad-brush impact. So I couldn’t point to onesie-twosies in any particular country that was kind of different or offset from anything else we were seeing. It was kind of a broader impact in kind of the slowing down of the acceleration that we saw.
Operator: Our next question comes from Joe Vruwink of Baird. Your question, please?
Joe Vruwink: I’m curious, is the persona of customer that you think about as being kind of key to Autodesk new business growth. Is that customer more susceptible to some of the macro issues you’re calling out? If I’m understanding all the detail right, the established base is growing nicely. There is moderation on the incremental growth. So, I suppose a question might be, are the risks of the latter starting to impact the former and starting to maybe trickle into the installed base at the same time.
Andrew Anagnost: That’s not what we’re seeing. If that’s what we were seeing, the net revenue retention rate trend that we saw during the quarter would have been different. So, I want to focus you back on. Remember, we came at the high end of our range on net revenue retention. And what that does is it shows a strong -- a kind of a strong affinity and willingness to keep upping their game with regards to our products and offering. And that does not often, okay? If anything, that’s continuing to strengthen. So, that feels really good. So, there’s really -- it really was affecting the new book of business, which kind of bleeds into the long tail of our business at some point into some level, which is to be expected in environments like this. Those who are most cash flow constrained, tend to slow their buying down the most. So, I don’t see any bleed over potential. In fact, in a lot of our newer businesses, we saw robust growth associated with some of these things. So, I do not see a crossover or a bleed over between these things. In fact, we continue to expect continued strengthening of net revenue retention rates in the base.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. That’s helpful. And then, on the supply chain topic. This was addressed at the Investor Day as maybe being a risk area, but also an opportunity perhaps for technology adoption. Even recently, it seems like engineering firms are acknowledging that hiring support bigger backlogs might be tough, but technology, again, could be an opportunity. So, I guess, the question is, how do you think about the new seat contribution for your growth algorithm in the context of double digits being sustainable? Would you expect a bigger contribution from the application and content side of the growth model and how to think about seats, given the current macro backdrop?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So, we absolutely think that we continue to see digitization tailwinds here. Okay? Customers are absolutely turning to technology to wrestle with some of these problems and solve some of these things. And if you look at the strategy around double-digit growth and where we’re going, you see a lot of things working. First off, let’s just pause, and I don’t want to say this too many times, but the business is doing strong and that’s setting a floor on some of our growth. Also, I wanted you to notice some of the things that happened with noncompliant revenue. We grew 50% year-over-year, reflecting the compare to kind of the slowdown we did in the COVID in the 2020 and around the pandemic, and we normalized the kind of like a 20-year -- 20% growth over the two-year period, which shows nice steady growth in some of these things. So, if you look at the business, you see a lot of things working really well. Now, if you look at the long-term trends that are going to contribute and be additive in terms of driving the double-digit growth, the digitization is there, the tailwinds continue, customers are telling us more and more, they want to go deeper, deeper, deeper in digitization. And we’re seeing strong adoption like for instance in construction with our largest EBA customers and some of our largest GCs. We’re seeing strong adoption of Construction Cloud or integrating Construction Cloud more deeply into some of these relationships. If you look at some of the incremental drivers we were talking about with regards to business model capabilities and some of the things associated, we’re continuing to see strong growth there in terms of new types of subscription models, noncompliant users. And then, when we talk about the long tail, while it’s really early days with the Flex model, and I want to make sure that we always say it’s early days with the Flex model. One of the things we’re seeing with Flex is exactly what we expected to see. We’re seeing a large percent of Flex business coming in is net new. Another chunk of Flex business coming in as these occasional usage buyers. People that classically bought network licenses previously. And another chunk of business where people trying and using more advanced products, products they weren’t going to use previously. Those trends are exactly the kind of trends we want to see with offerings like this. And as time goes on and we get more experience with Flex, we expect those trends to continue. So, all of the things that we’re pursuing to drive double-digit growth are working right now. And that’s what gives us confidence as we move forward into the FY ‘23, ‘24 and ‘25 and beyond, is that everything we’re doing right now is working. If something was showing softness or not working, then I wouldn’t have the confidence I have right now, but everything is working in terms of the things we’re pursuing. Is transient impacts that we’re seeing right now? They’re obvious. They’re systemic. Everybody is seeing them. You can measure them systematically in terms of what’s going on in These will pass. The question is when will they pass.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sterling Auty of JP Morgan.
Sterling Auty: Andrew, if you put yourself in the seat of the investor, we’re all seeing the headlines of the supply chain constraints, et cetera. But what, if you were an investor, would you be looking at to help us monitor to possibly get a handle on when some of these pressures are alleviating and your business is starting to inflect upward again?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Okay. So, you’re asking me to kind of be the predictor of when some of these supply chain pressures are going to unwind. Look, I’ll tell you what we’re...
Sterling Auty: No. I’m not asking for a time. I’m asking for what are some of the data points that would signal that it’s getting better...
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Okay. So look, one of the data points we look at is the cost of freight. Okay? So, for instance, people are -- the cost of freight has been going up and up and up as you’ve been seeing this capacity compaction with regards to moving things. So that’s one metric if you just sit there and look at and say, hey, if the cost of freight goes down, that’s a sign that flow-through and throughput is starting to soften up. That’s one thing that’s out there. Another thing is some of the costs of the core commodities that our customers do, I mean, take the wood. I mean, I know that sounds true, but the cost of wood in some of our AECs, it’s a big deal. Right? If your cost of wood or wood-based materials goes up 20%, 30%, 40% on a fixed bid contract, what is that doing to your ability to execute? So, you look at cost of freight, you look at cost of wood and the things associated with that and those have direct impact. The cost of any commodity going into manufacturing is going to have impacts. The last thing that I think is really interesting with regards to manufacturing is some of these chip shipments starting to loosen up and allowing people to kind of finish their machines and make sure that the electronics are actually assembled and together. So, these are some of the things that all of us can look at to see how things are going. The cost of freight being right up there, the cost of wood and commodities associated with building things being out in front. We’re going to continue to look at the monthly active usage because for us, that’s a predictor of people doing more with the products, and that will probably follow some of these other indicators changing. Does that make sense, Sterling?
Sterling Auty: It does. Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I’d like to turn the call back over to Simon Mays-Smith for closing remarks. Sir?
Simon Mays-Smith: Sorry. I was muted. I apologize. I’ll repeat myself. Thank you, Lateef. Thanks, everyone, for attending. We’ll look forward to catching up with you next quarter. If you have any follow-up questions, please do ping the IR team. In the meantime, have a very happy Thanksgiving and happy holidays. Thanks very much, everyone.
Operator: And this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q2  (2021-08-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Thank you for standing by. And welcome to Autodesk Q2, the fiscal year 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to your host, VP of Investor Relations, Simon Mays-Smith.
Simon Mays-Smith: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our Conference Call to discuss the results of our Second Quarter of Fiscal Year 2022. On the line with me are Andrew Anagnost, our CEO,0, and Debbie Clifford, our Chief Financial Officer. Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investment.  You can find the earnings press release, slide presentation, and transcript of today's opening commentary on our investor relations website following this call. During the course of this call, we may make forward-looking statements about our outlook, future results, and related assumptions, acquisitions, products, and product capabilities, and strategies.  These statements reflect our best judgments based on our currently known factors, actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Form 10-K for important risk factors and other factors, including developments in the COVID-19 pandemic, and the resulting impact in our business and operations that may cause our actual results to differ from those in our forward-looking statements.  Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or viewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements.  During the call, we will quote a number of numerical growth changes as we discuss our financial performance and, unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. All non-GAAP numbers referenced in today's call are reconciled in our press release or EXL financials and other supplemental materials available on our Investor Relations website. And now, I will turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Simon, and welcome everyone to the call. I hope you and your family remain safe and healthy. As we anticipated when we set out our guidance at the beginning of the year. Unwinding uncertainty resulted in increased business confidence, investment, and economic growth during our second quarter.  This is reflected in strong product usage, which returned to pre - COVID levels across the globe increasing bid activity on Building Connected, which reached all-time highs, and greater channel partner confidence when combined with strong execution, a resilient subscription business model, and the continued secular shift to the cloud, our growth accelerated again in Q2 and generated further momentum //.  RPO and billings grew 24% and 29% respectively, driven by strong new product subscription growth, renewal rates, and revenue retention. I am proud of what the team has accomplished so far this year.  And again, I thank all of our employees, their families, our partners, and customers for their continued dedication, patience, and commitment. I will now turn the call over to Debbie to take you through the details of our quarterly financial performance and guidance for the year. I'll then come back to provide an update on our strategic growth initiatives.
Debbie Clifford: Thanks, Andrew. As Andrew mentioned, second-quarter results were strong. Several factors contributed to that strength, including robust growth in new product subscriptions, accelerating digital sales, and improving subscription renewal rates.  In addition, [Indiscernible] and foreign exchange rates provided a modest tailwind of the quarter. Total revenue growth in the quarter accelerated to 16%, 14% in constant currency. With subscription revenue growing by 21%. Looking at revenue by product, AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT revenue grew 12%, AEC revenue grew 21%, and manufacturing revenue grew 12%.  Excluding the impact of moving our bulk products to ratable revenue recognition, manufacturing revenue grew in the mid-teen’s percent, M&E revenue grew 10%. Across the globe, revenue grew 14% in the Americas, 16% in EMEA, and 21% in APAC. Direct revenue increased 31% and represented 34% of our total revenue up from 30% last year due to strength from both enterprise and e-commerce.  As you'll hear more about at our Investor Day next week, about three-quarters of new customers Autodesk is now generated through our digital channels, reflecting our efforts to enable a simplified buying experience. Our products' subscription renewal rates remain strong and our net revenue retention rates remained within the 100% to 110% range.  Billings accelerated 29% to 1 billion, reflecting strong underlying demand. And an easier comparison versus last year. Total deferred revenue grew 15% to 3.3 billion. The total RPO of 4.14 billion and current RPO of 2.85 billion both grew 24%. Current RPO growth was driven by strong new product sales during the quarter and the ongoing benefits from the record number of EVA s signed in the second half of last year.  Excluding the contribution from Innovyze current RPO grew approximately 23%. non-GAAP gross margin remained broadly level at 92% while operating margin increased more than two percentage points to 31%, reflecting strong revenue growth and ongoing cost discipline. We delivered a healthy free cash flow of 186 million during the quarter, primarily driven by strong billings, growth.  Consistent with our capital allocation strategy, we continued to repurchase shares with excess cash to offset dilution from our equity plans. During the second quarter, we purchased 164,000 shares for 46 million at an average price of approximately $283 per share. Year-to-date, we have repurchased 679,000 shares at an average price of approximately $278 per share for a total spend of $189 million.  Now, I will turn to guidance. Consistent with the previous quarter, we expect that an improving economic environment during the year will result in strong growth in new business over the course of fiscal '22. We expect product subscription, volume, and renewal rates to continue to be healthy, and our net revenue retention rate to remain between 100% and 110%.  With our strong start to the year, we are raising the low-end of our full-year revenue guidance to a range of 4.345 to 4.385 billion with the midpoint growth rate of 15% year-over-year. We're also raising our non-GAAP operating margin outlook to approximately 31%, and almost 2-point improvement from last year. Our strong start to the year means we're also shifting more of our EVA customers from multi-year paid-up-front to annual billings, which is good for them and good for Autodesk.  Our EVA customers retained price certainty with a multi-year contract term, but annual billings give them a more predictable annual cash outlet. For Autodesk, we generate a more predictable cash flow and remove the discounts to generate upfront cash collections. While we had already assumed this change in fiscal '23, it has a modest impact on fiscal '22 billings and free cash flow.  However, we expect it to drive more predictable free cash flow growth and better price realization over time, which will make Autodesk a more valuable Company. The shift of more of our EVA customers from multi-year paid upfront to annual billings and FX account for the change in our fiscal '22 to billings guidance and, with a one-time M&A related tax charge, our free cash flow guidance.  As we look ahead, we're anticipating revenue growth to accelerate in Q3. Strong upfront revenues in Q4 last year and, with Vault now ratable, a smaller pool of non - ratable products create a tougher comparison in Q4 this year, which will reduce revenue growth a bit when compared to the third quarter.  Also, our EVA strength in the second half of last year, including two of our largest-ever deals in q3 will impact RPO growth comparisons in the second half of our fiscal '22. The slide deck on our website has more details on modeling assumptions for the third fiscal quarter and full-year fiscal '22. As I shared last quarter, my initial focus after rejoining Autodesk was digging into our fiscal '22 budget and fiscal '23 financial goals.  The strength we've seen in fiscal '22 combined with the significant cohort of multi-year products subscription contracts that we expect will renew in fiscal '23 set us up nicely to achieve our fiscal '23 revenue growth potentials and free cash flow goal. This past quarter, I turned my attention to our long-range financial plan with a particular focus on fiscal '24 and beyond.  You'll hear more at our Investor Day next week but to set the stage today, our long-term strategic growth drivers and our flexible subscription business model give us the confidence we can achieve our goal of sustainable double-digit revenue and free cash flow growth beyond fiscal '24. Now, once we've achieved our fiscal '23 goals, we'll give you more details on our financial ambitions for fiscal '24 and beyond.  But on the whole, we believe we have many exciting opportunities to drive growth by further expanding our addressable market into areas like construction and infrastructure, as well as by deepening the monetization of our user base. And we look forward to sharing more specifics with you at our Investor Day next week. Andrew, back to you.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Debbie. Now, let me turn to our strategic growth initiatives. Sustained and purposeful innovation to enable digital transformation in the industries we serve is changing our relationships with our customers.  From software vendor to a strategic partner. And that is enabling us to create more value through end-to-end cloud-based solutions that connect data and workflows and business model evolution. By helping our customers grow, we will grow too. In AEC, digitalization trends are accelerating the need to connect all phases of design and construction with end-to-end cloud-based solutions.  A great example this quarter was with an Asia-Pacific semiconductor manufacturer which is rapidly expanding its manufacturing capacity around the world. And looking for help to drive more efficient collaboration across projects stakeholders, as well as shorter design and delivery cycles.  It invested in AEC collections to accomplish this goal and is now leveraging the power of Bim and our digital AEC workflows to achieve its expansion plan. This is a prime example of how Autodesk is positioned to help our customers as industries converged with this customer being a long-time user of our manufacturing products and now expanding its footprint with us in AEC.  In construction, we believe the Autodesk construction cloud is the best end-to-end offerings across all phases of the construction lifecycle. Starting with our industry-leading pre-construction offerings. We help our customers seamlessly convert data into a construction plan, allowing our customers to condition and coordinate models early to aiding class detection, easily quantify the materials required for future construction, and leverage our Building Connected community to power the bidding process. As we turn to the field, Autodesk Build provides a single integrated solution for project management, field collaboration, quality, safety, and cost control, which is easier to deploy, adapt, and use.  We just launched it in February, but we're already, we've already seen Autodesk Build in use on more than 11 thousand customer projects around the world by connecting project information and team. In one Common Data Environment and enables efficient collaboration while providing predictive analytics and insight that increased quality and safety while decreasing risks.  As I mentioned earlier, we've transitioned to being a strategic partner to our customers, and in construction, that means evolving our business model. We provide. customers have more choice in how they buy. We offer both user and account-based pricing, which gives our customers the flexibility to decide how they want to engage with us on their digital journey.  With our account-based pricing model, we're seeing significant benefits, driving as many users as possible to our construction platform. Once [Indiscernible] bills have been deployed on a project, we've made it frictionless for anyone involved in the project to get access to our platform within [Indiscernible]. This pattern is not unlike the evolution of Fusion 360 over the last few years.  The more users we see on our platform, the more we learn, the better we make our products, and the more value we add to our customers. This quarter Metric construction, a top, E&R 400 general contractor in the U.S selected Autodesk Build for project management over competitive offerings.  Pype per submittal management and BIM Collaborate Pro native class detection. As Andy Burd from Essar Construction said, "Autodesk Build comprehensive unified platform is industry-leading and by seamlessly connecting design with construction to increase our efficiency establishes a strong partnership foundation and further enables us to build better lives for our customers, communities in each other."  Autodesk builds momentum is growing internationally to Stamm house is a leading retail shop construction and renovation Company in the Netherlands, which had already used AEC collections in general designed to optimize client retail space, reduce design and construction errors by 15%, and improve its ROI by 10%.  This quarter, it invested in Autodesk Build a further increase efficiency, reduce waste, and add value for its clients by converging workflows from conceptual design to engineering and fabrication, while seamlessly collaborating with its clients.  Our relationship with Stamm house demonstrates the value that digital construction processes can bring to customers around the world. With our significant international experience and resources, we're well-positioned to capitalize on this large growth opportunity. And we continue to invest to connect and converge adjacent industries to create value and help our customers achieve greater efficiency. During the quarter in advises info 360 cloud platform.  We launched a beta version of info 360 assets, a cloud-based tool for the water industry is conditioned and performance monitoring and risk management processes. We also launched this Tandem digital twin program focused on harnessing the data from the design and construction process to create a repeatable and dynamic process with digital handover being the natural output of the project lifecycle.  Turning to manufacturing, we continue to see strong momentum with our manufacturing portfolio this quarter, and we also saw the inclusion of Up chain in its first enterprise business agreement or EVA was one of our larger enterprise accounts.  The convergence of design and make is accelerating, and we a0re seeing larger companies expand on our platform. For example, after using Fusion 360 and Moldflow to develop accurate digital manufacturing trends for injection molded parts, which is typically a very iterative, time-consuming, and expensive process; one of the largest American multinational medical devices at pharmaceutical companies renewed and expanded its EVA with us this quarter.  They were able to significantly reduce the time and rework costs because they could anticipate, predict, and correct manufacturing issues before moving and production. We continue to see subscription growth for Fusion 360, with paying subscriptions now at 165,000.  And the Fusion 360 extensions are helping to increase our average revenue per subscriber, and capture more potential opportunities. Turning the quarter, a U.S.-based global leader in the design, engineering, and manufacturing of woven wire mesh products, transitioned to Fusion 360 as their main design tool and invested in our manage extension.  The combination of Fusion 360 and manage extensions has largely automated their design and change workflows, brought a new level of organization and efficiency from product design all the way through delivery. Our presence in education continues to expand to address the critical shortage in skilled labor.  For example, a growing number of large German companies are replacing competitive solutions, and our training there and premises on Fusion 360 to prepare them for the future of work. In the second quarter, Energie Baden-Wurttemberg AG, EnBW, one of the biggest utility companies in Germany with 25 thousand employees, adopted Fusion 360 to train its 600 apprentices.  EnBW and its apprentices will benefit from the Fusion 360 cloud collaboration platform serving all their CAD, CAM, and CAE needs while they are either on-site or remote. Education remains an important market for us. And we continue to broaden our reach with more than 43 million tinker CAD and Fusion 360 education users.  We continue to make progress, transitioning all of our users had named users, giving customers more visibility into their usage data, and allowing us to better serve our paying customers while also making it harder for non-compliant users to access our software. The level Group is a full-cycle developer which specializes in business class complexes. During the quarter, it increases investment with Autodesk by consolidating all of its single and multi-user subscriptions and permanent licenses to collect.  Trends with our premium plan and Autodesk Docs to enable more efficient collaboration and license management. And with the help of 247 technical support and a single sign-on capability level Group expects reduced design costs in the future. As our existing paying customers navigate the complexity of digital transitions, we can help them manage that complexity, improve efficiency and sustainability, and remain in license compliance.  For example, one of the leading construction civil, industrial, and infrastructure service contractors in Vietnam invested in AEC collection and audited bills to balance project safety, efficiency, and quality, while also reducing environmental impact in waste. Our license compliance team helped them identify licensing gaps and ensure the installation of compliance software.  We estimate that there are about 2 million non-compliant users within our paying customer base. During the quarter, we Closed 11 deals over $500,000 with our license compliance initiatives, 6 of which were over a million dollars. At the end of September, we will launch a new pay-as-you-go consumption model, called Flex. It matches the customer's cost with their usage.  Flex is an important new way to purchase from us as we evolve our business models to offer more choice and flexibility. It serves the long tail of customers who want an option for occasional users that do not use subscriptions every day. It also lowers the barrier to entry for existing and new users to explore new products with minimal risk and upfront costs.  And back to where I started. Sustained and purposeful innovation to digitally transform the industries we serve, is also transforming our relationship with our customers. From software vendor to a strategic partner. And enabling us to create more value for them through end-to-end cloud-based solutions, business model evolution, and connected data and workflows. By helping our customers grow, we will grow too.  The pandemic has accelerated these trends and climate change is increasing the urgency. We will continue to invest to rise to the challenges ahead and seize the opportunities they present. In the meantime, we remain on track to achieve our fiscal '23 goals. Please join us at our virtual Investor Day next week, where we will have more time to share our strategic initiatives with you. Operator, we would now like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Please stand by while we compile the Q&A roster. Our first question comes from the line of Saket Kalia of Barclays. Your line is open.
Saket Kalia: Okay, great. Hey guys, thanks for taking my questions here. Maybe just to start with you, Debbie, I'd love to dig a little deeper into the changes to billings and free cash flow this year. And maybe specifically, I was wondering if you could just help frame the size and impact of that change to EVA billings.  And maybe as part of that, just talk about what sort of gives you the confidence in what's maybe just a little bit of a steeper ramp in cash flow growth now, implied for next, next year. Does that make sense?
Debbie Clifford: It does. Thanks. Saket. Thanks for the questions. So, we're seeing overall strength in the business and we continue to demonstrate discipline with our spending. So that's what's driving us to raise our guidance for revenue and margin for the year. For billings and free cash flow. I have covered the specifics in the opening commentary.  The key point to take away is we're focused on making changes that are good for our customers and good for us, and shifting more EVA to annual billings helped us achieve that goal. Now, it makes sense. Customers because they retained price certainty by signing multiyear contracts, that by moving to annual billings, they get a more predictable annual cash outlay. Of course, the change is good for us too.  We generate more predictable annual cash flows and we remove the discounts we see today to generate cash collections upfront. Most CBAs are already on annual billing terms. And also, we had already assumed that would all be on annual billing terms starting next year in our fiscal '23, we're making the change now because with the strong start to fiscal '22 we decided to get moving earlier to execute on the shift.  But the overarching driver is that we're focused on optimizing our business and the change, as we said, is good for both our customers and for us. As a side note, the impact on our billing’s guidance is also pretty small.  It's around a 1% point of impact to the total billings outlook. Now if I shift attention to the ramp to fiscal '24, we do see accelerating momentum and multiple drivers of growth regarding multi-years. I want to break it down a bit. We have two main pools of multi-years one for our EVAs and one for our base products subscription business. What I've talked about today so far is EVA and the ongoing shift to annual billings for that cohort.  As we look ahead to next year, as I mentioned in the opening commentary, we have a material cohort of multi-year contracts that are coming up for renewal in our base products subscription business, renewing those contracts is one factor that drives us to 2.4 billion in cash flow next year and year-to-date this year, the proportion of multi-year renewals that we're seeing in that cohort is in line with our expectations. To that plus the strength in our topline year-to-date gives us confidence in the past to the 2.4 billion free cash flow target next year.
Saket Kalia: Okay, got it. That's very helpful. Andrew, maybe for you, just zooming out a little bit, a little bit more broadly. You talked a little bit about, in your prepared remarks and the press release, I think, you talked about sort of growing as your customers grow as well.  And I think you've talked about some examples in your prepared remarks also. but I was just wondering if you can expand on that a little bit and maybe just connected back to the flexibility of the business model if you will.
Andrew Anagnost: Saket, specifically, what I did say was I said is as we help our customers grow, we will grow. And the reason I want to highlight that particular point here is a lot of the things that are going on with regards to us growing with our customers, is there increasing investment in digitalization. This is here to it's here to stay, it's continuing to accelerate.  It's going to move forward next year and continue to accelerate. So, the digitization engagement with our customers is why we grow as we help them grow because digitization is going to help them grow. it's going to help to be more responsive. It's going to help them win more business.  It's going to help them do a whole bunch of things that they were struggling to do previously, which is great for them and great for us. Now, the other thing I'd add there is we are also responding to the way they want to buy.  I mean, I think you've noticed that we introduced Flex. We haven't rolled it out yet, that customers can't yet buy it, but we introduced the concept of Flex. And Flex is something that a lot of our customers have been waiting for as we've been moving away from our old multi-user paradigm to single-user.  They've been waiting to see something that allows them to manage occasional use and maybe dive deeper into some of our more advanced digital technologies and integrate some of those things into their workflow. So, we're going to offer them the flexibility they've been looking for and we're going to mainstream and across a lot of our customer base in the mid-market.  But the other piece I want to highlight about Flex, in particular, is that it's also a tool for reaching the long tail of our customers. Flex is going to allow us to not only help with smaller businesses that knew some of our tools, only a couple of times a month, but it's also going to help us with smaller customers or departments within larger customers that want to use a particular advanced tool on an occasional basis.  It used to be back in the '90s when books like the long tail first came out that you'd attack the long tail with a set of discrete products. Tons of little products. The 2020 way of approaching that is having a business model that allows people to get access to a set of capabilities in an ever-growing platform of products, like what we're doing with Fusion.  So, look for those things long-term can be important tools as we see forward. Things like Flex are not going to be short-term revenue drivers but they will be long-term like there. Digitization is the key underlying thing here. Our business models, and the way we are approaching some of our advanced platforms, are the enablers that allow our customers to digitize faster.
Saket Kalia: Got it, makes sense, thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Adam Borg of Stifel. Your line is open.
Adam Borg: Hey guys, and thanks so much for taking the questions. Maybe for you, Andrew. So, I'm sure we'll talk more on the broader strategy next week, but you've been very clear around this idea of convergence for some time, and earlier in the quarter there was the idea of converging mechanical CAD and electro CAD.  How should we think about that going forward? And are we looking to do that more on the organic front with the Eagle or potential strategic partnerships or acquisitions, how should we think about that?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So excellent question. This convergence peace between mechanical design and electrical design is something we've absolutely had our eye on for quite some time. As you know, we bought Eagle several years back and we have now tightly integrated it into the Fusion platform. And we're doing some very, very interesting things around automation.  And immigration between electronic PCB design and the associated mechanical designs that either contain it or actually interact with it in a smart product. So, we're already attacking that convergence organically with our products. You saw us look externally as well because we saw an opportunity. Did you accelerate the industry change?  We believe these positives are going to converge. We believe the leading-edge customers are going to be driving and using converged processes. And we saw a vision match out there and we engaged in discussion around accelerating this change in the market.  We're still going after that market with Fusion with Eagle and We have, and we're already moving up into the mid-market with some of these tools. So, this vision is not going away. This is a continuing and ongoing place for us to focus. And look for us to continually increase what we're doing with Eagle to make those convergences between mechanical and electrical design more fluid, more integrated, and frankly, more automated.
Adam Borg: That's really helpful. And maybe just a quick follow-up. So just staying on the Fusion 360 intimate manufacturing front, you've talked about in the past, a lot of success with Fusion 360, even in CAM space, replacing vendors like master CAM, and just curious if today's announcements of that getting acquired can help accelerate the opportunity or change the dynamics competitively in some way, thanks again.
Andrew Anagnost: I think one of the things you also saw is that got acquired there was a lot of visibility into the master camp business. And I think you can see that the business was not growing let's say, robustly as say Fusion is growing both from a user and billing standpoint. So, we're pretty confident that in the manufacturing side and the CAM side, we're doing a great job with Fusion.  But we're also reaching deeper and deeper into people's entire process. A lot of the customers we're talking about publicizing out are people that have rolled out fusion across the entire process.  One of the things that's also exciting, you're seeing these large subscription counts, 11,000 again -- breaking 11,000 again this quarter, but one of the other exciting aspects here is that our billings growth is actually growing faster than our subs growth, which is a result of the new extension strategy, which has continually added more.  Good, a more advanced capability that people can buy on a pay-per-use basis or on a subscription basis to one of these extensions. So, we're continuing to see really good traction with Fusion. We're continuing to roll out new extensions.  You will see more extensions coming out this year into next year, and you will also see us start to do some interesting new ones. Things from a platform perspective with Fusion as well. So, we're pretty bullish on Fusion. We feel pretty good about our position right here and we're continuing to see growth. And, and you're right, I think the acquisition of master Cam just shines a light on where the action is right now in this space.
Adam Borg: Excellent, thanks a lot for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities. Your line is open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. Andrew. You mentioned that --
Andrew Anagnost: Got to get my pen ready for the three-part question. Okay. Pen's ready.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. So, you mentioned that usage is now at pre-pandemic levels. And the question it has to do with new products of volume. It's an easy comparison year-over-year versus last year. But would it be reasonable to say that the new products sub volume through the core of the business X EVA, X cloudy products XM2S is above levels of two years ago?  And that our expectations for the remainder of this year, and I assume into next year, is that that will remain the case that you're now well above where you were two years ago in terms of that core product volume. And then similarly, for many years, LT was considered to be a good leading indicator, or barometer, of the business.  Given the change in the profile of your product mix, your portfolio, plus the fact that order there seems to be encouraging full AutoCAD adoption in lieu of LT, you're clearly not encouraging LT. Is there some change in the barometers or indicators that you look to for the business?
Andrew Anagnost: Yeah. Okay. Great question. So let me address the first part. I was only a two-part question, Jay, you've disappointed me.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: I knew you'd say that.
Andrew Anagnost: So new products have some -- new product have up significantly. I'm not going to give you a specific, I'm not going to tell you if it's exactly back up to 2 years, but let's just say it's up significantly. Okay.  We can't -- we couldn't be delivering the kind of performance we are delivering if it wasn't. It's been significantly higher than the overall growth of the business in terms of new products out, and it's continued to robustly grow moving forward, and we expect it to continue.  So, you can imagine that our volumes are getting back up to the places we would have expected them to be before COVID ever hit, which is a good sign and a good outcome. And more and more, as you can see in this quarter, we generated a lot of that new volume through digital direct channels and channels that were direct to us, which is another interesting factor here.  You are absolutely right. It used to be that LT, because of the price point and because of its exposure to small businesses, was a barometer of the health of our business. But the move to the subscription model is kind of scrambled out a little bit because people may have been buying LT exclusively for something or buying different products and other things like that.  So that's why we began tracking in a deep way the monthly active, daily active users of our products in various countries, which has become, frankly, our core barometer. And I think you can agree that that is a much more robust indicator of the health of our business than, for instance, looking at LT sales and LT transactions.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay
Andrew Anagnost: And it's also interesting to note, as commercial usage surges forward, [Indiscernible] non-compliant users, almost I [Indiscernible]. Right. So, it is not to disappoint you, but let me just ask you this. You made [Indiscernible] I knew -- here comes part three. Yeah, here we go. Exactly. You made a very interesting reference to a semiconductor facility in Asia that has become an AEC customer. And so, the question there looking ahead is, when you think about what Intel's going to be doing with [Indiscernible] and others in the semi-industry.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: If you looked at data center build-out and electric vehicle build-out, those are all mega commercial facilities. Do you do what's your pipeline looking like for any or all of those?
Andrew Anagnost: That's a very excellent point, Jay. All right. So, we're already big in the data-center pipeline. Dan is supercritical of some of these workflows. I have personally engaged with customers that I will not name and aim and see some amazing things they are doing with our tools on the data center front and on the factory front.  So, we are actively engaged with deepening the penetration of them in all of those areas where people are standing up new factories and people are building new capacity.  And you're right to talk about fab capacity for Intel and other places like that, then has matured to a point where when you combine especially not only with the capabilities of design and build, but ultimately you will see Tandem play a role in that space as well because Tandem as a digital twin allows us to do a handover long term, not yet, Tandem's relatively new to the market, but a digital handover to the owner for doing the lifetime management of the asset as well.  So, look, that pipeline is robust and strong where we're already a big player in datacenter and new style factory stands ups in several sectors.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gal Munda of Fanberg. Your line is open.
Gal Munda: Thank you for taking my question. And the first one is just around the way you are thinking of multi-year offerings going forward. We're carrying the -- towards the end of the year, you even in the product side, you're thinking about decreasing the discounts potentially.  Is that something that could have an implication beyond the EVA, also going into product subscriptions to have lower multiyear going forward, or is there just something that you managing cash flow as we have been [Indiscernible], which is a big cohort of [Indiscernible] like you said?
Debbie Clifford: Thanks, Gal. I'll say again, our goal is to do what's best for our customers and what's best for us. You're right that we recently announced that we're reducing the discount on products subscription, multi-year contracts from 10% down to 5%.  And we're doing it because we feel that the higher discount as necessary, the value proposition of a multi-year contract to our customers is the price certainty, not the discount. Of course, we benefit from the lower discount because we get higher price realization.  But at the end of the day, the multi-year contracts reflect the strategic longer-term partnership with our customers. Now, we make small price changes like that all the time in order to optimize our business and to maximize the value for both our customers and for us. And this is just one example of that.
Gal Munda: I got you. That's really helpful. And then just the second question, we haven't had much about the network licenses and how the kind of the transition is going. What we started in the past over the last year, that obviously the first ones to hand them over, we're the ones that had entitlement that basically give them maybe more under the 2 for one or 1 for 2 effectively they give them more licenses than they need and the others will come later.  Are you starting to see that tip of the iceberg effectively when it goes to the other way where people that are handing in their network licenses now are -- that's 2 for 1 exactly? Or even need to take extra entitlement in order to be compliant?
Andrew Anagnost: Gal, we are absolutely starting to see the tip of the iceberg on that part of the transition. And also Flex, which is something that a lot of those customers were waiting for because those customers were heavy users of our network licensed model, Flex in one of its forms replaces that old model.  So, we're -- as Flex starts to reach the channel and reach the customers more directly, you're absolutely going to see a greater acceleration of that. Because they do have to ultimately transfer a name to every user to use Flex.  But we're seeing the tip of the iceberg on that right now. Flex's availability -- broader availability as we move to the end of this year and into early next will also accelerate that trend as well, which will help us retire that old business model and get our customers on the more advanced management systems that underpin Flex.
Gal Munda: Got you. That's really helpful. Thank you so much, I appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matthew Hedberg of RBC Capital Markets. Your question, please.
Matthew Hedberg: Great. Thanks, guys. Andrew, I want to start with you. Given the U.S. federal infrastructure spending bill, one of the most often asked questions I get is really your exposure to infrastructure spending. I'm wondering is there any way that you can help, just roughly frame up the magnitude of that business. Or even perhaps how fast is it growing relative to your overall portfolio of businesses?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So, we don't break out the infrastructure of a business, so I can't give you a specific, but here's one of the things -- here's what I can tell you, and here are the philosophical statements I can make enough. One, we do not have any impact from a federal infrastructure bill built into our financial models, okay?  So, the numbers we've given you, the concept, they're all business as usual based on our normal course and speed. So, I want to be super clear about that so we're all on the same page. However, we are big proponents of infrastructure spending and the need for infrastructure spending.  And I think you're getting a sense just over the last few weeks and the last month, some of the critical drivers around what -- how serious it is when you have a decaying infrastructure. Look at California, right? California built water infrastructure for slow snow melts to catch water and have it dribble down from the melting snow and runoff to the coast and everybody was happy.  That world is likely gone. And what people need to focus on is more reservoirs, different types of infrastructure to capture rainwater rather than rely on snowmelt. These were things that in some cases we're predictable 10 years ago, but we haven't made progress on. Also, look what's happening in Tennessee.  Just last week, the horrible tragedies with these flash floods in the middle of Tennessee. Unprecedented levels of speed and severity of floods are all related to water infrastructure. All of these things are related to climate change. Some of them were predictable, some of them not. All of them are 10-year backlog now in many places.  We have to build better across the board and we believe that our tools, our capabilities, the digital platforms we're deploying are going to help people build better. And when you look at how we're positioned to capitalize on this, which I can talk to you about.  Look we have got the solution that goes from end-to-end with the capital planning engagement all the way to the user engagement with the vertical and horizontal components of construction and is in between. And I want to point to you some of our recent partnerships and acquisitions.  On-road and rail, we partnered with Orgo to go after the Department of Transportation to help with the capital planning. We brought in a device that has the capital planning tool upfront in the water infrastructure process. And we also have a space maker, which we haven't talked a lot about, which helps in the real estate development side from the capital planning and allocation there.  So, we're actually building out capabilities upfront through partnership and through technology. And then we have all this capability that we've integrated into the construction cloud as well to help with vertical and horizontal construction. So, we're ready.  We're -- we've invested in the places that we think are critical and we think people need to invest in digital technology to not only to build what needs to be built but build it back better and build it back cheaper so that we can start closing out the backlog because there is a big backlog.  So, there will be an opportunity here. It will be a long-term opportunity for the Company. It won't be short-term, but there will absolutely be an opportunity as people start to spin up these infrastructure projects.
Matthew Hedberg: That is super comprehensive. And as a sidebar, yes, it does feel like your acquisition of Innoviva's given the wording of the bill on the water was certainly timely. I wanted to go back to manufacturing just with another question.  You noted in prior calls that Fusion 360 is near a tipping point and then another question on M-CAD and e-CAD, I'm just curious though, from a philosophical perspective, what's left for you to do within your manufacturing portfolio. In other words, is there much more white space left beyond what you've got, to sort of kind of getting a sense of where we're at in that sort of platform maturation?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So, there's always a little white space, okay? I think one of the things that are really important in terms of things we have to do. We have to finish integrating all the end-to-end capabilities, all right?  We have to make sure that we've gotten all the capabilities completely integrated in a way that makes sense. We have to continue to dial down on things like general design and cloud-based and machine learning-based automation that automate workflows between some of these things.  So even less sophisticated companies can take full advantage of highly sophisticated capabilities, which is a goal for us. Now, there's going to be another white space as we move down with regards to connecting to production planning. But on the shop floor not just moving geometry directly to the machine through general divine, but actually managing production flow and some of the things associated that in highly automated facilities.  So, we'll probably explore some of those areas as we start building out the platform. But really, in terms of what things have to happen to continue to accelerate fusions growth, it's all about building out the core design capabilities because you've got a lot of touch points in there.  We've got ReCap, we've got some really great partnerships around simulation which will deepen over time, and we've also got excellent manufacturing capabilities. As we deepen in to professionalize the design capabilities, you'll start to see more and more purchasing of sophisticated extensions on top of Fusion.  So, look for Fusion to become a more significant revenue driver as we move beyond FY '23. Right now, we're focused on making sure that the platform's best-in-class, that that's cloud independence is strong, that we build off the strong foundation we have right now, and that we build out some of these core design capabilities.  But there are little bits of white space in there around production management, around some of the integration s with other types of capabilities, around costing and estimating that is going to be interesting as well in the future.
Matthew Hedberg: Super helpful, thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joe Vruwink of Baird. Your line is open.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Hi everyone. I wanted to start with the performance and the direct channel efforts. Obviously, you've had a goal to achieve 50% revenue share but it seems like in the last several quarters, it's just the movement to that level has accelerated a bit.  Are there specific things you would maybe point to recently that help explain some of the acceleration? You've brought up enterprise and the e-store, is maybe one response more than the other? And how much is this factoring into the confidence you speak to entering the second half of this year?
Andrew Anagnost: Yeah. So, I think Debbie and I will both tag team just a little bit okay. So let me just talk about this at a high level. Some of these things are cyclical, by the way, okay? So, there will be quarter-to-quarter variations here. The fastest-growing channel we have in our business is the digital channel, all right.  And more and more of our products, especially new products, especially for small businesses, are being [Indiscernible] as that channel. It's a big driver, and we've seen some acceleration there and we continue to see acceleration there.  It's a very healthy channel and this is what we expected. We're certainly also being successful in our EVA business, which is driving up the percentage in certain quarters. But don't look for that to be a linear transition. We're going to get to the 50, it's going to take time. But there'll be some quarters where we're trending up, other quarters where we're trending a little bit down.  But overall as you fit the line through over multiple years, it's going to be heading up in the right direction. There are some countries where we're getting very close to 50-50. and other places where we're very far away from it. So, you have to look at the business a little bit more discreetly as we get there, but don't look for this to be a straight line. Debbie, did you want to add anything?
Debbie Clifford: Sure. I think you captured it well, Andrew. As you said, there are two main parts. There's the enterprise or EVA business and there is our e-commerce channel. Now, the enterprise business is at a seasonal low in Q2, but we do have a strong pipeline. Andrew mentioned that it was the first quarter that we saw Upchain included in an EVA.  So, we are building momentum and we anticipate that the bulk of our EVA selling will be in the back half of this year, like previous years. So, things are looking good there. On the e-commerce side, lots of growth there, we've been investing heavily. Last quarter, we talked about different things that we added, like more out of at -- added seek capabilities, more calls to action across the site.  We continued to invest this quarter. Some examples of the changes that we made were our one-step resubscribe capabilities, so that expired customers can easily resubscribe. We have even more places for add a seek capabilities throughout the site, we launched a new Middle East site in June.  So, a bunch of things and you'll just see us incrementally add more functionality, more ways to engage with Autodesk so that it's easier to do business with us. And that's going to be part of our success to drive growth through that channel.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. That's helpful. And then I wanted to maybe reconcile what sounds like a lot of strong trends and higher confidence in the second half. And still have the same high end of the revenue guidance, 16% growth intact for fiscal '22. Are there certain areas of the business where you look and it's still a bit held back, so it could be an opportunity for improvement over coming quarters, but maybe still not the full contributor that it could be?
Debbie Clifford: Oh, sorry, Andrew. And then you can chime in. I would say that, overall, we had a strong Q2 and we ended the quarter with strong momentum. And we raised our revenue guidance on the year to reflect that ongoing strength and what we've seen in the business for the year to date.  Andrew mentioned all the leading indicators were strong, usage return to pre-COVID level, the construction backlog is back online. So, all we're seeing at this point is accelerating momentum.  The only kind of knit piece that I would highlight in the back-half of this year is that typically in our Q4, we do see a bit more upfront revenue recognition for some of the products that we typically sell cyclically in that period, and that's a little bit of what you see in both Q3 and Q4 as we get to the back half of the year. But overall, just broad strength that we're seeing in the business and that led to the increase in the revenue guidance on the year.
Joe Vruwink: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost: Yeah. I think Debbie said it all.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Keith Weiss of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Elizabeth Elliot: Hi, this is Elizabeth Elliot on for Keith Weiss. Thank you so much. I just have a few questions on the current RPO -based bookings growth, it looks like year-over-year growth slowed a bit from last quarter. So, wondering if you could just highlight some of what could be driving that and some of the trends that you are just seeing in new business demand versus what you saw maybe in the prior quarter. Thank you.
Debbie Clifford: So, thanks, Elizabeth. RPO growth was strong at 24% year-over-year and we really do see that as the leading indicator of what's happening in our overall business. Now, typically we see RPO, or what we see right now is that RPO growth shot up in Q4 because we had a very strong enterprise business agreement quarter.  And so gradually, we're seeing that taper down over time. But overall, 24% growth is really solid performance in RPO when you'll start to see that bleed into revenue on the back half of the year.
Elizabeth Elliot: Got it. And then just one more ABI data for June noted some firms just weren't able to find enough from workers and not the challenge they've had talked about 60% of firms not being able to fill openings in the architectural staff. I was wondering if any issues in employment are a headwind for Autodesk, seats or are that a tailwind for you guys as firms just need to digitalize faster and improve productivity.
Andrew Anagnost: Sorry, can you repeat that question?
Elizabeth Elliot: Yes. The Architectural Billings Index data for June highlighted that some of the architectural staff, which having problems filling seats. And that being a headwind -- just employment being a headwind to sales from the demand capacity that they were seeing.  So, I just wondering if employment headwinds in the overall macro marketing driving -- is that a headwind for Autodesk at all or is that actually a tailwind? As firms need to digitalize faster and improve productivity by adopting Autodesk software tool.
Andrew Anagnost: Okay, thank you. It's actually more of a tailwind because what our customers are struggling with is they're trying to do more with a smaller staff. And the more digital firms are able to do that, the fewer digital firms are struggling. The scarcity of labor is pervasive across multiple industries and multiple sectors.  But we believe this is just another driver with regards to people adopting deeper digitization and digital technologies. And as you can see from the factor, some of our results and some of our new SEC volume.  While you're hearing some of that in the ABI pressure with regards to their book of business, you're not seeing any kind of depressive impact in our new SEC volume. So, we expect long term this is going to be a tailwind around digitalization and not any kind of headwind for us.
Elizabeth Elliot: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason Celino of KeyBanc. Your line is open.
Jason Celino: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Nice acceleration on the mixing segment this quarter. And you mentioned that it was an all-time high for bid activity with Building Connected. Since Building Connected is kind of at the tip of the spear in terms of where they see visibility into the construction cycle, how should investors think about this engagement activity flowing through to the revenues?
Andrew Anagnost: I think you should think about it exactly the way you said it. It is a leading indicator of future on-site construction activity, all right? So not all of that activity will convert to people buying our construction tools. Because not all the activities are a good fit, but it is absolutely a leading indicator of shovels hitting the ground.  And I think that's the way you should be interpreting it, and that's the way you should look at it. And that's the way we use it. And as we get deeper and deeper into Building Connected and deeper and deeper into how the bid board works, we'll be creating more internal indices to track and watch some of these things.  But that -- what you said is how you should view this. It is a leading indicator of shovels in the dirt and future activities which some of that will translate into future purchases of on-site construction software tools.
Jason Celino: Okay, well, maybe to double-click on that a little bit. When we think about it from a timing perspective, or is most of -- any help you can share on the types and timing of projects?
Andrew Anagnost: No, I can't. I can't give you a lag indicator between increased bid activity on the bid board and the starting of new projects.
Jason Celino: Okay.
Andrew Anagnost: What that impact is.
Jason Celino: No words, but thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And that is all the time we have for Q&A. I'll now like to hand over the call to Simon Mays-Smith for closing remarks.
Simon Mays-Smith: Thank you. Latif. And thank you everyone for joining our Q2 fiscal '22 conference call. If you have any follow-up questions, please do contact the investor relations team and we look forward to seeing you all with our Investor Day on Wednesday, next week. Thanks very much. Goodbye.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2022 Q1  (2021-05-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Autodesk, Inc. Q1 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only model. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Simon Mays-Smith, VP, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
Simon Mays-Smith: Thanks operator, and good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our first quarter of fiscal year 2022. On the line with me are Andrew Anagnost, our CEO, and Debbie Clifford, our Chief Financial Officer. Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. You can find the earnings press release, slide presentation and transcript of today's opening commentary on our Investor Relations website following this call. During the course of this call, we may make forward-looking statements about our outlook, future results and related assumptions, acquisitions, products and product capabilities, and strategies. These statements reflect our best judgment based on currently known factors. Actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to our SEC filings, including our most recent Form 10-K, for important risks and other factors including developments in the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting impact on our business and operations that may cause our actual results to differ from those in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. During the call, we will quote a number of numeric or growth changes as we discuss our financial performance and unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. All non-GAAP numbers referenced in today’s call are reconciled in our press release or excel financials and other supplemental materials available on our Investor Relations website. And now, I will turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Simon, and welcome everyone to the call. I hope you and your families remain safe and healthy. While parts of the world emerge from the pandemic, others are entering the eye of the storm. I especially want to acknowledge our colleagues, family and friends in India. We are thinking about you and we are helping wherever we can. Thank you to all our employees and their families, our partners, and customers for their continued resilience, patience, and commitment. Our first quarter marks an important inflection point. While solid execution, a resilient subscription business model, and continued secular shift to the cloud underpinned our strong first quarter results, waning uncertainty and growing confidence in our end markets generated momentum. Robust growth in new product subscriptions, combined with improving usage and renewal rates, accelerated billings and RPO growth to 10% and 22%, respectively. Together, these reinforce our confidence that we are through the revenue growth trough and on track to achieve our fiscal 2022 and 2023 goals. In mid-May, we completed the acquisition of Upchain, a cloud-native product-data and lifecycle management solution. Combined with existing Autodesk offerings like Fusion 360, Upchain will profoundly simplify data-sharing and collaboration for engineers, manufacturers, suppliers, and other product stakeholders, enabling customers to bring products to market faster and build a stronger supply chain. Its next-generation platform enables it to be rapidly deployed, scaled, maintained and updated without the expensive, inflexible and time-consuming integrations of legacy systems. We will grow Upchain through our enterprise and channel partnerships, and expect it to become a meaningful on-ramp for legacy design tools to the Fusion 360 cloud ecosystem and facilitate further expansion in adjacent verticals. As we highlighted in our recently published Impact Report, the convergence of design and make brings both greater efficiency and sustainability to buildings, and a broad range of manufactured goods, stretching from EVs and bicycles to high-performance skis and low-cost ventilators. While we are enabling customers to achieve their sustainability targets, we continue to lead by example, reaching our carbon-neutral goal across our business and value chain in fiscal 2021. The report also sets out new diversity, equity and inclusion goals. And while I am proud that 50% of Autodesk’s Board, and 45% of our Executive Team, are women, we can and will, do more both internally and through partnerships with organizations like JFFLabs externally. As we recently announced, Pascal Di Fronzo, Autodesk’s Executive Vice President of Corporate Affairs and Chief Legal Officer, will be retiring in December after 23 very successful years at the company. He has been a trusted counselor and steward of the company. His contributions to Autodesk are many and have been incredibly impactful, and I want to thank him for his dedication and wish him all the best in retirement. I am very excited to welcome Debbie back to Autodesk and will now turn the call over to her to take you through the details of our quarterly results and guidance for the year. I will then come back to provide an update on our strategic growth initiatives.
Debbie Clifford: Thanks, Andrew. I am very excited to be back. Looking at the first quarter’s results, several factors contributed to our strong financial performance, including robust growth in new product subscriptions, accelerating digital sales, stronger than expected upfront revenue and improving subscription renewal rates. In addition, a one-month contribution from Innovyze and foreign exchange rates provided a modest tailwind to the quarter. Total revenue in the quarter grew 12% and 11% in constant currency, with subscription revenue growing by 18%. Looking at revenue by product and geography, AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT revenue grew 9%, AEC revenue grew 16%, and manufacturing revenue grew 8%. Excluding the impact of moving our Vault product to ratable revenue recognition, which we discussed last quarter, manufacturing revenue grew double digits. M&E revenue grew 5%. Across the globe, revenue grew 8% in the Americas, 11% in EMEA, and 20% in APAC. Direct revenue increased 25% and represented 33% of our total revenue, up from 30% last year due to strength from both enterprise and ecommerce. Our ecommerce sites had their highest new billings growth rate in two years driven by strong traffic growth and recent site enhancements. Reflecting the business-critical nature of our products to our customers, our net revenue retention rate remained within the 100% to 110% range and our product subscription renewal rates strengthened. Our billings accelerated 10% to $974 million. Total deferred revenue grew 11% to $3.35 billion. Short-term deferred revenue increased 17%, primarily reflecting growth in new product subscriptions and increasing renewal rates, but also the inclusion of Innovyze. This was partly offset by a smaller contribution from long-term deferred revenue resulting from fewer multi-year contracts when compared to last year. Total RPO of $4.23 billion, and current RPO of $2.86 billion, both grew 22%. Current RPO growth was primarily driven by the increase in short-term deferred revenue, but also by strong growth in enterprise business agreements and to a lesser extent, early renewals ahead of anticipated price increases. Excluding the contribution from early renewals and Innovyze, current RPO grew approximately 20%. Non-GAAP gross margin and operating margin remained strong at 92% and 28%, respectively, broadly level year-over-year and reflecting the trough in revenue growth relative to cost growth. We delivered healthy free cash flow of $316 million during the quarter driven by collections of prior quarter billings and strong results in the current quarter. Consistent with our capital allocation strategy, we continued to repurchase shares with excess cash to offset dilution from our equity plans. During the first quarter, we purchased 515,000 shares for $143 million at an average price of approximately $277 per share. Now I’ll shift to giving you my initial thoughts as CFO and then finish with our outlook. Since I rejoined Autodesk about two months ago, I’ve been focused on two things: First, reacquainting myself with everything Autodesk, the team, our strategy, and how we’ve evolved during my two years away; and second, I’ve been digging deep to gain a solid understanding of our fiscal 2022 budget and fiscal 2023 financial goals. On the first point, while much at Autodesk is familiar to me, I’ve been pleasantly surprised by how much has changed for the better reflecting the enormous progress Autodesk has made over the last two years. Autodesk has undergone a cultural revolution. There’s been a powerful shift in the company’s values and ways we work and the pace of decision-making has accelerated. As a company, we now benefit not only from the scale of our operation, but also from a newfound agility that is enabling our success in newer markets like construction and manufacturing in the cloud. I’m also struck by the compelling and expanding opportunities ahead of us. Digital transformation is happening now, it is real, and we are well-positioned to capitalize on that trend in the industries we serve. As I begin to turn my attention to our long-range financial plan, these initial learnings give me confidence in our growth potential in fiscal 2024 and beyond. Let me finish with our guidance, which now includes Innovyze and Upchain. We still expect that an improving economic environment during the year will result in strong growth in new business over the course of fiscal 2022. We expect product subscription renewal rates to continue to be healthy, and our net revenue retention rate to remain between 100% and 110%. Given our subscription model, revenue growth will lag the improving sales environment. We continue to expect about three quarters of our free cash flow to again be generated in the second half of the year due to our economic phasing assumptions and normal seasonality. For fiscal 2022, we are raising our full-year revenue guidance to a range of $4.305 billion to $4.385 billion, or a 14% to 16% increase over last year, reflecting a partial year contribution from acquisitions net of the deferred revenue write downs. Given our results are weighted in the second half, and Q1 is our seasonally smallest quarter, it’s obviously too early to change our view on the underlying trajectory of the year, but we are off to a good start. We expect non-GAAP operating margin to expand to between 30% and 31%, which includes approximately 1 percentage point of negative headwind from acquisitions. Finally, we still expect free cash flow to be around $1.6 billion with a broadly neutral impact from acquisitions. The slide deck on our website has more details on modeling assumptions for the second fiscal quarter and full-year 2022. With improving economic conditions and easier comparables, we still expect our first quarter revenue growth will be the trough. Our accelerating momentum in fiscal 2022 will propel us into fiscal 2023 and I am therefore confident in our fiscal 2023 revenue growth potential and free cash flow target of $2.4 billion. As I begin to look beyond fiscal 2023, the digital transformation of the industries we serve, our sustained investment in the cloud, and our flexible business model, give us a robust platform for double-digit growth. Andrew, back to you.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Debbie. Let me finish by giving you an update on our strategic growth initiatives. The secular trends we have been investing in for years have accelerated during the pandemic. The digitization of AEC, the convergence of design and make, and our expansion into adjacent verticals through organic investment and acquisitions are growing our total addressable market. The evolution of our business model, the value generated by the growing connectivity of our platform for new and legacy customers, and the hardening of our systems to non-compliant users, enable us to attract and retain more of that potential opportunity, growing our ecosystem and the usage and value we generate from it. Turning to AEC, our unique vision is to connect all the phases of construction with end-to-end, cloud-based solutions that combine horizontal data flow with best-in-class functionality to enable seamless collaboration from planning, design, pre-construction, construction, asset operations and maintenance. The breadth and depth of our solutions distinguish us in the market and we continue to build on that advantage through industry leading R&D, which we sustained through the pandemic and acquisitions. Our latest product releases reflect that. For example, Revit 2022 is a bridge to more open and interoperable ways of working that accelerate our design customers' digital transformation and improve communication of design intent across all disciplines and project phases. For construction teams, we released Autodesk Build, Autodesk Takeoff, and Autodesk BIM Collaborate, as well as product enhancements which further empower construction teams to drive better business outcomes such as winning more business, reducing rework, delivering projects on time and improving safety by connecting data, workflows and teams across the project lifecycle. As the construction backlog comes back online, and the new project pipeline builds, we are emerging from the pandemic stronger. This is reflected in our success during the quarter. For example, Burns & McDonnell is a family of companies bringing together an unmatched team of 7,600 engineers, construction professionals, architects, planners, technologists and scientists to design and build critical infrastructure projects. It is at the forefront of technology use and having invested in Revit and BIM 360 Design some time ago, most of its data is already in the cloud. Monthly Active Users or MAUs on Autodesk software have grown by 80% since 2018. This quarter, Burns & McDonnell renewed its Autodesk EBA and increased its investment with us, adding more cloud-based products from the Autodesk Construction portfolio, including Autodesk Build, Pype, Assemble, and Building Connected. Our unified common data platform enables it to move and collaborate seamlessly from design through construction and to implementation with common workflows across multiple, global practices. 1898 & Co., part of Burns & McDonnell and its future-focused consulting and technology solutions division, and it is a founding participant in our Tandem digital twin program. The Boldt Company is a $1 billion professional construction services firm in the U.S., focusing on integrated delivery of complex vertical construction projects that require extremely tight collaboration between stakeholders and integrated workflows between industry partners, the office and field. Boldt was already relying on BIM Collaborate Pro and PlanGrid when, this quarter, it selected Autodesk Build over a directly competitive construction project management solution and also invested in Pype. Autodesk Construction Cloud’s unified platform connects previously siloed data, reduces rework and saves time for Boldt across the company, enabling teams to easily manage projects from planning and design through to the field and handover. And MultiGreen, a real estate development and operating company specializing in sustainable and tech-enabled multifamily housing in high-growth and supply constrained markets, standardized on Autodesk Construction Cloud. In order to build more efficiently and sustainably, they knew they had to standardize on a single platform to connect their teams from concept and design through project completion and day-to-day operations. In addition to Revit, Inventor, BuildingConnected, Autodesk Takeoff and Autodesk Build, they will be using BIM 360's integration with the Embodied Carbon Calculator to analyze material carbon emissions with all of their data connected through our common data environment. In infrastructure, we released Civil 3D, InfraWorks, AutoCAD Map 3D, AutoCAD Plant 3D and ReCap Pro with enhancements in transportation, water, plant, land development and reality capture. Most importantly, we continue to mature our project delivery platform across design and construction to better support digital project execution that helps our customers increase operational efficiencies, make better design decisions, increase quality, and reduce cost and material waste. During the quarter, we received notice of an award in design from the Montana Department of Transportation. Instead of a competitor offering, they will now be using our AEC Collection, which includes Civil 3D, Revit, InfraWorks, Navisworks, ReCap and our Common Data Environment, Autodesk Docs. The Department was particularly impressed by connected bridge design workflows between Revit and InfraWorks that drive efficiency and sustainability. Turning to manufacturing, we’ve made significant organic investments in addition to Upchain. Inventor 2022 introduced new features and enhancements to speed up product development and interoperability with AutoCAD, Fusion 360 and Revit. In Fusion 360, we have introduced new functionality across the entire product development process and numerous integrated extensions that unlock advanced design and manufacturing technologies. In Vault, we introduced a new mobile application and web browser experience for engineers and non-CAD users to access their real-time data anywhere and on any device. The potential to converge design and make in the cloud is becoming more of a reality every day to our customers. Autodesk continues to lead that transition. AAC Technologies, the world's leading solutions provider for smart devices, grew its investment with Autodesk. Having struggled with data management and data integrations in their product lifecycle management using a competitor’s 3D modeling product, AAC Technologies switched to our Product Design and Manufacturing Collection with Vault to manage all their data. They found our connected workflows particularly attractive and believe they will improve productivity and collaboration across their teams and enable them to go-to-market more effectively by increasing flexibility in their supply chain. For data management, our customers can now choose Vault for on-prem and Upchain as they transition to the cloud. With the largest number of new commercial users in 2020, Fusion 360’s strong momentum continued, growing commercial subscriptions to 152,000 without any systematic cost promotions. While still early in its lifecycle, we believe Fusion 360 has reached an adoption tipping point and with extensions and Upchain, we are excited about its future. During the quarter, a UK-based design, manufacturer, and installer of architectural precast facades invested in Fusion 360 with its nesting and fabrication extension. By converging the design and manufacturing processes into a single unified experience in the cloud, Fusion 360 enables faster design, prototyping and go to market. By creating optimized and associative multi-sheet layouts for sheet metal and non-sheet metal parts in preparation for cutting on CNC machines, our nesting and fabrication extension helps them to significantly reduce waste. Last month, three students from Danville Community College in Virginia won the inaugural Project MFG National Championship, an advanced manufacturing competition, sponsored by the U.S. Department of Defense. Jeremiah Williams, Director for Integrated Machining Technology at Danville Community College said: “By testing a variety of advanced skills, like welding and multi-axis machining, as well as communication and teamwork, the Project MFG National Championship is one of the most challenging skilled trade competitions in the country. Fusion 360's next-generation platform enabled our team to complete all required and optional objectives, from prototype through to welding and machining the finished product, and to win this prestigious prize.” As announced last quarter, we extended our multi-user trade-in to August 2023, but we are still seeing customers convert and benefit from the transition to named user. SSP, one of the leading Integrated Design Offices in Germany, traded in their multi-user licenses with us this quarter and significantly increased their investment by purchasing additional AEC collections and premium subscriptions. In the process, they completely replaced a competitive design solution, standardizing their workflows on our cloud platform. The premium plan is especially valuable to them as they improve their site-to-site management using single sign-on which enables more digital collaboration, and efficiency while increasing employee satisfaction. While we continue to be sensitive as the economy recovers, we are successfully converting non-compliant users to paying customers with Q1 license compliance billings almost doubling year-over-year during the quarter. For example, a non-compliant customer converted into one of our largest premium customers to date. Over 500 branches in Indonesia made it difficult to track and manage software usage, and this customer was inadvertently using more licenses than it was paying for. After completing a self-audit, which confirmed the software gap, it purchased premium to help manage the complex roll-out of compliant licenses. They are now a happy premium customer with detailed usage insights and the ability to flexibly manage their licenses from headquarters across their entire branch network. Now let me finish with a story. Construction began on Notre Dame cathedral in 1163, but was not completed for more than 100 years. In a 12th century version of light weighting, Notre Dame was the first Gothic structure to use flying buttresses, which are slanted beams that support the heavy walls and ceilings that enable giant rose glass and stained-glass windows in large edifices with open-aired space beneath them. Following a catastrophic fire in 2019, the cathedral is being rebuilt with traditional and sustainable materials enhanced by next-generation Building Information Modeling provided by Autodesk. Combining traditional design and build know-how with modern workflow solutions, reconstruction is expected to be completed in 2024, in time to welcome athletes at the summer Olympics in Paris, and future generations from across the globe. I share this because, as the world rebuilds after the catastrophic impact of the pandemic, I am reminded again that Autodesk’s purpose to enable its customers to build and manufacture efficiently and sustainably has never been more important or urgent. Together, we can meet the generational challenges posed by carbon, water and waste. Autodesk’s central role in meeting these challenges underpins my confidence this year and my confidence in the future. With that, operator, we would like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities. Your line is now open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening, Andrew and Debbie. Let me ask you, Andrew first, a couple of business and technology or technology evolution questions. You highlighted infrastructure, and the company has been in that business for many, many years and you’ll recall that once upon a time, it was in fact a reporting segment and maybe should be again at some point. Could you describe the main ways in which that business has evolved over the last number of years in terms of its scope or its customer base and what the vision really is for that business in terms of perhaps adding new types of customers, such as owner operators that have not really been a large part of your business profile to date? Secondly, since we're halfway between AU 2020 and AU 2021, could you update us on some of the important initiatives that you yourself highlighted during your Q&A session at AU six months ago? Namely, the Forge roadmap and its implications for you long-term, and then secondarily, sharing technology across the portfolio and across industries. In other words, leveraging your R&D more and more across the company in that respect?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. All right, Jay. So let me start with the infrastructure discussion. So here's what's fundamentally staying with the business. One, we've been winning more and more department of transportation as we've progressed since the last time the infrastructure business was broken out. And what we did is we focused our organic portfolio very much on road and rail work, bridges, roads and rails, and created a lot of workflows between Civil 3D and InfraWorks and some of our specific tools. And we've been very happy with the progress we've been making there and we continue that organic investment targeting those pieces of infrastructure. We don't feel it needs to be broken out into a separate business because I think you might recall, since those days, we've moved our entire sales organization to account-based sales. So it's very easy to cover these types of customers with the kinds of support that we need to engage with them directly. Look, buttress next, as you can see with what we've been doing with Tandem and the digital twin work, and also with what we've required with Innovyze with their Info360 solution and some of the tools around there with digital twins for water waste management and water management, we are definitely moving closer to things that are directly relevant to owner operators, and you would expect to see us do more of that as time progresses, okay. So that kind of gives you a sense for what we are looking at and how we've gotten here. With regards to AU initiatives, I don't want to kind of preempt next day use announcements. But what I'll tell you is we continue to add additional capabilities to Forge into the APIs. And I think in this coming AU, you're going to hear me talk a lot more about some of the common experiences we are creating across some of our new environments that we are building for our various customers. So I want to hold onto some of that news as we move forward to the next AU. But the hint is there's some common data experiences. There's some common ways of managing and accessing projects that we are developing and deploying. All things that are relevant to making the platform more powerful for bringing together the various products that our customers use.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. For Debbie quickly, you highlighted strong growth in product subs. If you're able to look at that in absolute terms, how would that product subs level of business compare with, let's say the second and third quarter of last year, and perhaps even the fourth quarter. Are you now perhaps the highest level you've been in four or five quarters as far as product subs are concerned?
Debbie Clifford: The short answer is yes, we've returned to growth after a period of several quarters that were impacted by COVID. And so we're pleased with the growth that we saw in Q1 and that's evidenced in the revenue results.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Saket Kalia from Barclays. Your line is now open.
Saket Kalia: Okay. Great. Hey, can you hear me okay?
Debbie Clifford: Yes.
Saket Kalia: Excellent. Hey, thanks so much for taking my questions and welcome Debbie. Maybe first for you, Andrew, I'd love to dig into the new business acceleration you've touched on as we are starting this recovery. Maybe in particular, how much of this recovery do you feel is in demand? That is [the field is] tied to increased engineering hiring versus perhaps pent-up demand for tools post-pandemic just as we kind of think about the pace of this recovery going forward. Does that make sense?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. It's hard for me to break it in – break it down into increased engineering hiring versus kind of pent-up demand. So I can't really give you a fine grain view on that. What I can tell you is that usage of some of our more engineering intensive products is going up pretty significantly, okay. And we talked a lot about usage every year with regards to how the monthly active usage and the daily active usage going in various countries. What we've seen is the majority of our countries are now at or above pre-COVID levels. The UK is now above pre-COVID levels. The U.S. still struggling a little bit to get above pre-COVID levels, but showing a lot of robust impact. You also noticed – I think you probably watch the indexes out there, the PMI and the ABI indexes in particular. We have always found those indexes to be lagging indicators of our business. So they actually tell us that something has already happened with the purchasing behavior of our customers. And what you've seen is those indices continuing to shift towards growth, which hints at Saket that it's the book of work that's going up. All right, which means people are going to hire more engineers, they're going to hire more people and they're going to engage – they're going to be using our products more. So it's probably driven mostly by hiring related to the book of business of our customers is going up. The indices seem to indicate that as a lagging indicator of what we've seen in terms of purchasing behavior and usage, but that's kind of as much granularity as I can give you on that.
Saket Kalia: That's super helpful, Andrew. Thanks. Maybe kind of follow-up for you Debbie, you touched on this a little bit in the prepared remarks. But I want to just talk about the acceleration in revenue this year. I think we get some of the drivers, but I'd love to sort of get your take and perhaps as part of that, your confidence in that growth lasting into fiscal 2023 and for that matter longer term as well?
Debbie Clifford: Thanks, Saket. I start by saying, so Q1 is our seasonally smallest quarter and our guidance assumes that we'll see improving results as the year progresses, which is consistent with what we're seeing. We're seeing uncertainty lessening, growing confidence from our customers and our channel and improving demand on our end markets, which is resulting in an accelerating growth in new business. We're also seeing increasing renewal rates, strong direct business, particularly through the e-store. Our total direct revenue grew 25% year-over-year in Q1, and now represents 33% of total revenue. We're also pleased that we're starting to see momentum and key indicators like RPO, which grew 22% year-over-year in Q1. And it's because of these factors that we're confident in the ramp during fiscal 2022. Now if I shift attention to fiscal 2023, and even beyond that, let me just break that down a little bit. I mentioned on the call that since I rejoined Autodesk, I've been focused on two primary things. The first is reacquainting myself with everything Autodesk, the team, the strategy, what's happened while I was away for a couple of years. And the second is digging deep to get a solid understanding of the fiscal 2022 budgets and our fiscal 2023 financial goals. It’s because of that work that I see significant opportunities for growth, including growing TAM from things like accelerating digitization in AEC, the convergence of design and make in manufacturing and expansion into adjacent verticals, like you saw us do recently with the acquisition of Innovyze that got us into water infrastructure. We're also focused on further monetizing our TAM in a variety of ways. Some examples include conversion of non-compliant users. Andrew mentioned that billings from non-compliant users almost doubled year-over-year in Q1, and we're seeing more direct selling as I just mentioned. And that direct selling gets us greater price realization. That is another growth driver for us. This is all against a macroeconomic backdrop that we see improving. And it's because of all of this that we're confident in our fiscal 2023 revenue growth potential and the free cash flow target of $2.4 billion in that period. Now I've been back for 90 days, less than 90 days actually, so next step for me is more work on the long range financial plan and getting a deeper understanding of our past in fiscal 2024 and beyond. Our goal is to drive double-digit growth using some kind of Rule of 40 type framework over time.
Saket Kalia: Very helpful. Thanks for your time guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Adam Borg from Stifel. Your line is now open.
Adam Borg: Hey, guys, and thanks for taking the question. Maybe just on Upchain. So obviously, I know that just closed a few weeks back. I was just curious if you can talk more about the vision over time of integrating Upchain with Fusion and Forge and how we should even think about the convergence of both Vault and Upchain just given that the similarities obviously once on-prem and once in the cloud?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Excellent question, Adam. So as you know, Upchain is PLM and PDM, Product Data Management and Product Lifecycle Management in the cloud. So it's a fully cloud native application. It's got both Product Data Management and PLM. It understands both files and cloud information models like what power fusion, for example. Our vision for how this is going to work, if Fusion already has a stack built on its cloud information model, that goes all the way through simple data management up through into Product Lifecycle Management. Upchain will likely replace that capability within Fusion over time. But more importantly, what Upchain does is it supports a whole swath of legacy applications from our competitors and from other places. So what we're going to do is we're going to go into counts with legacy applications or where we see overlap with other applications and combined a Fusion stack and the Upchain stack to handle the whole swath of data our customers use. Now ultimately as well what we're going to do is we're going to integrate Upchain with Vault, so that Vault can now have a extension to the cloud. We're not going to force our Vault users to move from on-prem to the cloud. Vault is a very popular application, we sell a lot of it every quarter, and we're going to continue to update and maintain it. You might've noticed that we just released mobile and extension to it in some web extent – additional web extensions capability for Vault. So we continue to drive Vault, but we are going to integrate Vault and Upchain over time, which will give our Vault customers a path to putting all their data in the cloud as they see fit to do it. But we're not going to force that migration. So look for it to replace the guts of Fusion lifecycle over time and integrate with Fusion cloud information model and look for it to integrate with Vault over time and provide a path for Vault customers to the cloud. And then ultimately look for us to be going after legacy systems with a combination of our Fusion offering and Upchain capability to bring all the customer's data and all the applications the customer use together in one robust cloud environment.
Adam Borg: That's great. Andrew. Maybe just a quick follow-up just on the Autodesk Construction Cloud, you cited some nice examples of some customer wins in the quarter. Just as you think about that business over the course of the year, especially with the improving macro kind of, how are you thinking about that business as the year progresses? Thanks so much.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. We have really high expectations for how that business progresses as the year progresses and we're getting – we're definitely getting some good indications. One of the things we watch are the bid, the activity on Bid Board through our BuildingConnected service. That activity has been going up in Q1. It's been progressively going up each month, which is great. So we see a lot of activity heading into there. Just like a lot of our businesses, we expect some of the new business to be backend loaded, but we're super happy with where we are right now. We had a good launch of Autodesk Build, it's getting good take-up and monthly active usage from some of our customers, new customers are embracing it. Our international expansion efforts that we put on hold last year because of the pandemic are now moving into full gear this year. Later this year, we rollout Autodesk Build to the channel and that's going to accelerate Build’s business. And one of the things I just want to highlight is why we're winning, okay, and why we continue to win business and why we're so incredibly confident about the future. Here's what customers tell us, right. The end-to-end solution that we offer all the way from planning, early planning through design, through pre-construction, through pre-construction planning to site execution all the way to digital handoff to actual maintenance and operations of the asset. Nobody has this, especially to the depth that we have in each one of those disciplines. The other thing that people are really excited about is the deep integration with BIM and in fact that it's a BIM-native platform. It speaks BIM from the get-go, it will always speak BIM, and it's really good at it. This is driving more and more displacement in competitive solutions and accounts where we overlap. And one of the other big things that we hear from customers is our business model flexibility, all right. Customers love that they can buy from us, where they need to buy from us and how they need to buy from us, all right. If you need a project-based license, we've got it. If you need a consumption-based model, we got it. If you need a per-user model, we got it. We adapt and flex our business model to whatever the particular customer's needs are or their ecosystems needs are. And we can do it anywhere in the world. So if we're dealing with an international customer, they know that when they standardize on us, they can get everywhere with the solution we do. So that's why we're winning. That's why we're bullish as we move into the next year and why we're excited about the construction market becoming hot and active again. The digitalization of this market a multi-year trend, there's lots of opportunity for lots of people, and we're seeing lots of validation in the direction we're heading. And I think it's going to be an exciting year for digital construction.
Adam Borg: Great. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Joe Vruwink from Baird. Your line is now open.
Joseph Vruwink: Great. Hi, everyone. Maybe just to focus on Fusion 360. I think the first disclosure on commercial subs was about a year ago and 152,000 is up about 80% since then. Andrew, when you mentioned that business being at a tipping point or I think you might've surpassed the tipping point, is it just a function of scale and customer awareness now that the product is as large as it is, or are there other dynamics at play that you would point to as kind of supporting the business through this fiscal year?
Andrew Anagnost: Well, there's a lot of things. One, there's the increased interest in the cloud, all right. There's the simple network effect of people saying, you know what, I displaced my Mastercam solid works with Fusion and you should try that too. It's awesome. So we're getting that network effect of people basically encouraging each other to move forward and get off the legacy systems and move to the cloud with Fusion. So we're seeing some of that. We're also seeing, and this is super important. We're seeing increased purchases within accounts we penetrated previously, which means we're moving from kind of being a niche solution inside these companies or maybe a partially piloted solution to production. And that's also an important driver. And we expect these trends to continue this year and continue moving forward. And one of the really exciting things about this as we talk about growth beyond FY2023 and into FY2024 and FY2025 beyond, the early success we're seeing in Fusion right now is going to be a growth engine that continues to accelerate over the next five years. Especially as we start introducing our new design, our extensions, we already have one for advanced manufacturing. We have various other extensions. There's going to be new extensions in the second half of the year. Those extensions continue to be out there. We're particularly excited that we sold more Fusion than other applications in Q1 without any type of promotional activity. All of this points towards increasing customer demand for what we're doing.
Joseph Vruwink: Okay. That's great. And then just on the comment that in regards to your construction end markets, uncertainty is lessening. I appreciate no sale is ever easy. But are there things that become easier. The fact that license compliance billing seemed to have had a good quarter coinciding with a better backdrop. Is that something that accelerates as the year goes on or will you maybe point to other areas of your business as well?
Andrew Anagnost: I'm sorry, could you – you want to have a little bit for me on the last part of that, the part of the question what's the key point the question here, sorry.
Joseph Vruwink: With uncertainty lessening license compliance and having those conversations seems like that could be one area to benefit. Are there other areas as well?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Okay. So as I've said, many times license compliance is one of these areas that we're just going to build a steady drum beat on, all right. It's going to be the gift that keeps giving for years and years to come. We do not want to accelerate it unnaturally because we want to bring our customers along with us. We want to keep them happy, help them get compliant. You notice the story that I offered up in Indonesia about that, customer actually buying premium subscription as well as becoming compliant and being happy about how they were able to deploy it. That's the kind of outcomes we want from this solution. So we did see some acceleration. You saw the growth numbers in the opening commentary around non-compliant billings in Q1. But that was off of a Q1 that was previously off. So we had a really strong compare. Don't expect any hockey sticks though the Q1 of this year was better than the Q1 of fiscal 2020. So you're seeing continued growth, which is what we want to see is nice, steady growth in this business. But don't look for any hockey sticks this year. We're back to the path we were on previously.
Joseph Vruwink: Great. Thank you very much.
Andrew Anagnost: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Hedberg from RBC Capital. Your line is now open.
Matthew Hedberg: Well, great. Thanks for taking my questions. Andrew, I wanted to go back to the construction site again. Obviously, the cost of building just continues to go up from a material spaces. I know you guys have talked about the amount of waste globally that comes from construction site. Is that having a positive impact on pipeline generation as a lot of these construction firms, I just have to think and customers have to become more – way more efficient. Is that a portion of your pipeline growth there?
Andrew Anagnost: Matt, that's a very astute observation, all right. It's too early to say the cost of – the increases in cost of material is driving increased focus on digitization. But it is one of those things that we have constantly highlighted as one of the reasons why the value chain for construction needs to digitize because when material prices have gone up the way they have, you can't afford to over purchase in waste materials. So I can't tell you precisely if this is one of the pipeline drivers. But I can tell you that we're mentioning it to customers, and we're having with customers about, hey, conversations with customers. You want to keep your material costs down, digitize, right. Plan for less waste, only order what you need. So it's definitely entering into the conversation. I think it's too early to say if it's driving acceleration in the pipeline. But I think it's likely that it is.
Matthew Hedberg: That's really great to hear. And then – thank you for that. And then Debbie, welcome from me as well. I guess, one of the questions that we always get, and I'm sure you get as well, is that sort of what gives you confidence in that kind of that hockey stick cash flow guide for fiscal 2023. Now you had a little bit of time to kind of reflect on the model. What's sort of your view on some of the major drivers? I know we've heard Scott talk about them in the past. But just sort of curious on your perspective that gives you really that confidence that was clear in your remarks?
Debbie Clifford: Yes, sure. Matt, good to talk to you too. In large part, it's a lot of the things that I mentioned before. I think it's the combination of a growing TAM as well as further monetization of our TAM. And so that continued digitization in AEC with more innovation in Revit with expanding BIM mandates and ongoing BIM proliferation around the world with the digitization of construction that Andrew just talked about. Even the infrastructure bill could be a wildcard for us. We're hopeful, although nothing is baked into our numbers at this point. But these are all the multiple growth drivers that give me confidence in the ramp. I think some of the other data points that we have out there, I'll repeat because these are the things frankly that I've been looking at to get my own sense of confidence into that ramp into fiscal 2023. The conversion of non-compliant users, the fact that those billings doubled in Q1, and we're seeing more success with that program, the fact that we are selling more direct, that's a driver of growth for us, and ultimately will translate to free cash flow over time. The improving macro economic backdrop, all of these factors combined are what gives me confidence in our ability to achieve our revenue growth potential in fiscal 2023, as well as that free cash flow number of $2.4 billion.
Matthew Hedberg: Thanks, Debbie.
Andrew Anagnost: Matt, I'll just reinforce some of the things that Debbie said because I don't think we can talk about this enough because – did you notice the list of things she gave there, right. There's a whole set of horizontal things just around the normal business, the non-compliance, the new types of subscription models, the rollouts of consumption, the accelerating growth in our end markets. All of that combined also with the strategic levers around digitization in AEC around the convergence of design and make of what we're seeing with Fusion, and then the whole move into new adjacencies that we're doing. Any one of those things could contribute to viable long-term growth. We have all of those levers to pull. All right, I just want to remind we have all those levers to pull. And in August, we're really good at picking and choosing the levers to pull when we need to pull them.
Matthew Hedberg: Sounds great. Thanks a lot guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Sterling Auty: Yes. Thanks. Hi, guys. One housekeeping one to start, can you be specific in terms of what the contribution to the guide is from the acquisitions?
Debbie Clifford: Sure, Sterling. The impact on the acquisitions was a one point increase to our revenue guidance range on the year, a one point decrease to our operating margin range on the year, and it was neutral to free cash flow. That's consistent with what we said on the last call.
Sterling Auty: All right. Perfect. And then, Andrew, as we think going forward is Fusion 360 always incremental to kind of the installed base of traditional seats or have you already started to see a little bit of conversion one to the other? And if that's the case, what kind of change does that have on kind of the ARR contribution?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So nobody is moving from Inventor to Fusion right now, okay. It's just not happening, all right. It's actually – most of the businesses about going after incremental seats inside of competitive accounts, especially down market. The one great thing about our strategy is most of the Inventor is bought through collections, which includes Fusion. So if an Inventor user does start to move to Fusion over time, they continue on the same subscription path we'll do. And what we'll do with our collections is some of the extensions that would be available to a vanilla Fusion user that they have to pay for would be included with the collections version. So essentially what you see is a kind of an AFP neutral conversion from Inventor to Fusion, but that's going to take a long time. Most of the Inventor customers are going to stay comfortably where they are. But when they do move, it's essentially AFP neutral in terms of impact on our ARR. It doesn't change the ARR trajectory not materially.
Sterling Auty: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jason Celino from KeyBanc Capital. Your line is now open.
Jason Celino: Great. Thanks for taking my questions. Maybe one, the ambitions in infrastructure, Andrew, you talked about the gains in roads and bridges with improvements to Civil 3D and the expansions in the water here. But how do you think about some of those other areas of infrastructure, maybe some of the electric utilities or other areas?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So right now, Jason, we're going to stay focused on road and rail and bridges and the things that go along with road and rail and water, that's going to be our focus area. There's a lot of exciting things happening with elastic grid designs and the electrification and things associated with that. We're not going to be focusing on that right now. We may in the future, but right now, if you look at – even if you look at where the infrastructure bill is going for instance. Most of it is going to the upgrading and expanding the deteriorating infrastructure we have in the company around road, rail, bridges, civil and water infrastructure. And that's going to be our sweet spot for awhile – wins in that respect.
Jason Celino: Okay. And then you also talked about the – why Autodesk wins in construction which was quite helpful. But you also alluded to the digitization opportunity there just being more broadly bigger. Maybe can you talk about how much of that TAM might be coming from pure greenfield versus displacements of legacy or in-house or other competitor tools? Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. A lot of the TAM is greenfield. Really sometimes what you're competing with here is some kind of free tool and excel spreadsheets or a lack of any digital process whatsoever beyond emailing PDFs, right. So there's a lot of greenfield opportunity here in addition to kind of just flipping existing customers off of legacy systems or consolidating their systems. So there is a very robust long tail of growth here that's going to go on for years. That's why it's so exciting to see all the activity in this space because it's going to take a village to deal with digitize this entire market, and we're at the very, very early stages of this, which is great.
Jason Celino: Great. Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gal Munda from Berenberg. Your line is now open.
Gal Munda: Hi Andrew, hi Debbie and the team. Thanks for taking my questions. The first one, Andrew, maybe just a little bit on construction, new construction portfolio is really expanded and inspired very strong now. I'm just wondering, how should we think about the individual brands that you acquired between PlanGrid, Assemble, BuildingConnected, Pype on one side and then Autodesk Construction Cloud on the other side, in terms of user adoption. And do you see users that came in for individual brands now starting to kind of move towards the platform approach as well?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Excellent question, Gal. As you know, Gal, Autodesk Build and the Construction Cloud in general is the unification of all those brands and it's where we leave with new customers. Absolutely, when we're going out there chasing new businesses, Autodesk Build, it's all the capabilities that are built into Autodesk Build, it’s Autodesk Takeoff, it’s all of those tools associated with the Construction Cloud and that's where we lead. But we're also seeing people migrate off of the individual brands and move forward, all right. So we're seeing the same kind of thing happening incrementally. But that's not – we're going to let those people move at their own pace, right. So when they're choosing to move on to the consolidated cloud, they're doing that by choice. And as part of a process over time, we will ultimately migrate all of them to Construction Cloud and Autodesk Build. But right now, we're leading it with our new customers of Autodesk Build and helping customers consolidate on the Autodesk Build when they want to bring some of those old brands along with them. But all the best technology from all those brands is in the Construction Cloud now.
Gal Munda: Understood. Thank you. And maybe Debbie, just another question for you. I completely understand the Q1 is the smallest quarter in terms of new business generation and in terms of the [indiscernible] as well. So what I wanted to touch though so might not have been a good time to kind of organically think about raising the guidance for the year so early in the year. I'd like to just kind of take a step back and think about what happened during Q1 and what you're seeing so far in Q2. If that kind of a level of trading and recovery continues, we decide to say that you feel pretty confident about your full-year guidance then?
Debbie Clifford: I mean, we issued the guidance today that we feel comfortable with. And I would say that we certainly have a strong sense of optimism based on the results that we had in Q1, but it's just too early for us to change the underlying view on a year after only one quarter, but we're off to a good start.
Gal Munda: Got you. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. That is all the time we have for Q&A today. I would like to turn the call back over to Simon Mays-Smith for closing remarks.
Simon Mays-Smith: Thank you, everyone for joining us. Look forward to chatting to you next quarter, updating you on our performance. If you have any questions in the meantime, please just ping me directly, happy to answer your questions. Thanks very much.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q4  (2021-02-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Autodesk Fourth Quarter and Full Year 2021 Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference to your speaker today, Simon Mays-Smith, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Simon Mays-Smith: Thanks, operator, and good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our fourth quarter of fiscal year 2021. On the line with me is Andrew Anagnost, our CEO; Stephen Hope, Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, and Abhey Lamba, our Vice President of Go-to-Market Finance. Today’s conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. You can find the earnings press release, slide presentation and transcript of today’s opening commentary on our Investor Relations website following this call. During the course of this call, we may make forward-looking statements about our outlook, future results and related assumptions, acquisitions, and strategies. These statements reflect our best judgment based on our currently known factors. Actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to our SEC filings for important risks and other factors including developments in the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting impact on our business and operations that may cause our actual results to differ from those in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. During the call, we will quote a number of numerical growth changes as we discuss our financial performance and unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. All non-GAAP numbers referenced in today’s call are reconciled in the press release or the slide presentation on our investor relations website. And now, I will turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Simon, and welcome everyone to the call. I hope you and your families remain safe and healthy. Before jumping into our fourth quarter and full-year results, I would like to again thank our employees and the families and communities that support them as well as our partners and customers, for their continued commitment during uncertain times. That commitment, combined with our resilient subscription business model and the secular shift to the cloud, enabled us to maintain momentum and exceed our goals. We generated strong growth, with full-year subscription revenue and remaining performance obligations or RPO up 26% and 19%, respectively. We also made significant progress toward digitizing AEC, converging design and make in manufacturing and converting non-compliant and legacy users. We signed a record number of new enterprise business agreements, or EBAs, in the fourth quarter. In fact, they were equal to the number we signed in the entirety of the previous year. That’s a testament both to our execution and growing partnership with our enterprise customers as we enable their digital transformations, demonstrated by enterprise BIM 360 usage nearly doubling year-over-year. While we made great strides this year, we intend to extend our leadership in the cloud and expand our presence in existing and adjacent industry verticals across the globe. The pending acquisition of Innovyze, which we announced yesterday and is expected to close later this quarter, is a great example of that intent. Innovyze is a global leader in water infrastructure simulation and modeling, serving many of the world’s largest utilities, the majority of the top ENR design firms, and other leading environmental and engineering consultancies. Innovyze enables water distribution networks and drainage systems to be more cost-effectively and sustainably designed and operated. Combined with CIVIL 3D, InfraWorks, Revit and Autodesk Construction Cloud, we would be able to provide end-to-end water and wastewater solutions across planning, design, construction and operations. With our existing capabilities in road and rail, and our partnership with Aurigo in capital planning, we now have end-to-end infrastructure solutions for facility owners and public sector agencies. Autodesk provides Innovyze with multiple opportunities to scale through enterprise, channel sales, and geographic expansion. We also intend to apply our expertise in navigating through a business model transition to drive additional growth in fiscal 2024 and beyond. I’m excited about the opportunities ahead, and look to the future with optimism. In the near-term, we expect the unwinding of uncertainty from vaccine availability and political stability to drive confidence and investment over the second half of the year. Over the long-term, Autodesk’s purpose to drive efficiency and sustainability has never been more relevant or urgent. In partnership with our customers, we have an unmatched capacity to drive efficiency and meet the global challenges of carbon emissions, embedded carbon, water scarcity and waste. And Autodesk is playing its part. We are on track to meet our commitment to be climate neutral and remain dedicated to being a resilient, diverse, and equitable company. We were most recently recognized by Barron’s as number four on their list of the world’s 100 most sustainable companies, and the highest-ranked software company. We are proud of our impact at Autodesk, and through our customers the impact we are making in the wider world. I’m also thrilled to announce two strong additions to my team. Debbie Clifford will be returning to Autodesk as Chief Financial Officer and Raji Arasu will be joining as Chief Technology Officer. Debbie is currently Chief Financial Officer at SurveyMonkey but spent the 13 years prior to that role in various financial leadership roles at Autodesk, including leading the internal business model transition team, engaging with many of you in support of our investor outreach, and as my finance business partner before I became CEO. With her leadership skills, expertise and passion for our mission, Autodesk’s finance team will not miss a beat. Raji joins us from Intuit, where she currently serves as Senior Vice President of their Platform and Services business. Prior to that, she was CTO for eBay subsidiary StubHub. At Autodesk, she will oversee and be responsible for the Autodesk’s technology and platform strategy, as well as being operationally responsible for the on-going development of our platform services. Raji will replace current Autodesk CTO Scott Borduin, who announced his intent to retire last year after more than 21 years of service to the company. Scott had two tours as Autodesk CEO, the prior one working for Carol Bartz and has not only contributed to the rise of Inventor and Fusion to the products they are today, but also as a passionate evangelist for Autodesk and our vision. Emblematic of his dedication to Autodesk, he moved out his retirement date so that he can help Raji during her transition into Autodesk. I’d like to give Scott a heartfelt thank you for all he’s done and is continuing to do. Before I provide insights into our strategic growth drivers, let me take you through the details of our quarterly and full-year performance, and the guidance for the next year. In an extraordinary year, we performed strongly across all metrics, perhaps best encapsulated by the sum of our revenue growth and free cash flow margin for the year equaling 51%. Several factors contributed to that strength in the fourth quarter, including, record EBAs, robust subscription renewal rates, accelerating digital sales, and continued sequential growth in new business. Total revenue growth in the quarter was 16%, both as reported and in constant currency, with subscription revenue growing by 22% and now representing approximately 91% of total revenue. There was approximately 2 percentage points of benefit to subscription and maintenance growth from upfront revenue recognition of some products that do not incorporate substantial cloud services. Looking at revenue by product and geography. AutoCAD and LT revenue grew 11% in the fourth quarter, and 16% for the year. AEC grew 18% in Q4, and 20% for the year. Manufacturing rose 17% in Q4, and 10% for the year. Even excluding the benefit from a strong performance in automotive EBAs, which include non-ratable VRED revenue, manufacturing grew double digits in the quarter. M&E grew 14% in the quarter, boosted by a strong performance from our collaboration platform, Shotgun, and was up 10% for the year. Geographically, revenue growth ticked up in all regions. Revenue grew 14% in the Americas, 13% in EMEA, and 23% in APAC during the quarter. We also saw strength in direct revenue, which rose 28% versus last year, and represented 34% of our total sales, up 3 percentage points from the fourth quarter of last year. The strength in our direct business was driven by some non-ratable products included in a few large EBAs and digital sales. During the year, we grew total subscriptions by 8% to 5.3 million. Excluding the multi-user trade-in program, total subscriptions grew 4% to 5.1 million. Subscription plan subscriptions grew 15%, and by 10% excluding the multi-user trade-in program. We added 130,000 make subscriptions due to the strong adoption of our BIM 360 family and Fusion 360 products. During Q4, our maintenance conversion and renewal rates declined sequentially, which was expected as we are entering the final stages of our maintenance-to-subscription program. With only one quarter left before this program retires, we have approximately 126,000 maintenance subscriptions remaining, accounting for approximately 3% of our revenue in the fourth quarter. I am proud to share that we have converted over 1.3 million maintenance subscriptions to date. At the end of the fourth quarter, the lion’s share of our commercial subscriptions were named users benefiting from easier access, usage data visibility and secure license management. We anticipate many of our remaining multi-user subscribers will make the transition to named users as the pandemic recedes, and we are now extending our 2:1 multi-user trade-in to August 2023 to enable that. As announced last November, we are also exploring consumption-based models to meet the needs of customers requiring flexible license usage. Our net revenue retention rate remained within the 100 to 110 percentage range we laid out in our guidance. Our product subscription renewal rates remained robust, reinforcing the business-critical nature of our products to our customers. Our billings were broadly level with last year, reflecting fewer multi-year sales, and our long-term deferred revenue was 26% of total deferred revenue in Q4. Our total RPO of $4.2 billion is up 19%, and our current RPO of $2.7 billion grew 16%. On margins, we continue to realize good operating leverage due to strong revenue growth and diligent expense management. For the full year, non-GAAP gross margins remained very strong at 93%, up 1 percentage point from last year, our non-GAAP operating margin increased by 5 percentage points to 29%. As you have seen in our press release, our GAAP results include a $679 million deferred tax asset valuation allowance released in the fourth quarter. This largely reflects the completion of our business model transition and the significant growth in our profitability. Consistent with our capital allocation strategy, we continued to repurchase shares with excess cash to offset dilution from our equity plans. During the fourth quarter, we purchased 530,000 shares for $157 million at an average price of approximately $295 per share. For the full year, we purchased 2.6 million shares for $549 million at an average price of approximately $208 per share. Now let me turn to our guidance, which does not include Innovyze. We expect an improving macro-economic environment during the year will result in accelerating growth in new business over the course of fiscal 2022. Usage trends during the fourth quarter remained above pre-COVID levels in most of Asia Pacific and Continental Europe and below pre-COVID levels in the U.S. and UK. We have seen an uptick in interest for multi-year deals, growing optimism in the channel, and gradual recovery in bid activity on BuildingConnected in the U.S. We expect product subscription renewal rates to continue to be very healthy, and our net revenue retention rate to remain between 100% and 110%. Given our subscription model, revenue growth will lag the improving sales environment. For fiscal 2022, we expect revenue to grow by 13% to 15%, margins to expand to between 31% and 32%, and free cash flow growth to reaccelerate to approximately 20%. When looking at the quarterization of free cash flow for fiscal 2022, we expect about three quarters of our free cash flow to again be generated in the second half of the year due to our macro-economic phasing assumptions and normal seasonality. As we noted last quarter, Vault revenue is becoming ratable for fiscal 2022 with the release of significant new mobile functionality in the first quarter, and this will reduce our revenue growth by about a percentage point over the year with the biggest impact in other revenue on the P&L and in the manufacturing product family. Looking at our guidance for the first quarter, normal seasonality is compounded by Vault ratability and one fewer calendar day versus Q1 fiscal 2021, which together reduces year-on-year revenue growth in the first quarter by about 2 percentage points. With improving macro-economic conditions and easing comparables, we expect our revenue growth to accelerate after the first quarter. The slide deck on our website has more details on modeling assumptions for the fiscal first quarter and full year 2022. We expect Innovyze to be accretive to revenue growth, broadly neutral to free cash flow and a headwind on reported operating margins in fiscal 2022 and 2023. We will provide additional details after the Innovyze transaction completes. Let me finish by giving you some details on the progress we made executing on our strategy to digitize AEC, converge design and make in manufacturing, and monetize non-compliant and legacy users. Earlier in February, we launched our Autodesk Construction Cloud platform, which unifies our organic and acquired AEC cloud offerings, and the data held within them, to enable a connected project ecosystem across design and construction. Underpinning the Autodesk Construction Cloud is our common data environment, Autodesk Docs; this provides seamless navigation, integrated workflows and project controls, and enables a single source of truth across the project lifecycle. Autodesk Build brings together the best of PlanGrid and BIM 360 with new functionality which, along with Autodesk Quantify and BIM Collaborate, creates a comprehensive suite of field construction and project management solutions. For our design customers, BIM Collaborate Pro extends the capabilities of BIM 360 Design on the new platform to create a more seamless exchange of project data between design and construction. Our strategy is to combine organic and acquired software in existing and adjacent verticals to create end-to-end, cloud-based solutions for our customers that drive efficiency and sustainability. We have pursued that strategy to create Autodesk Construction Cloud, we are pursuing that strategy in infrastructure with the acquisition of Innovyze, and we will continue to pursue that strategy in manufacturing. The reasons for, and benefits of this strategy, were clearly demonstrated in our fourth quarter results. Our growing partnership with our enterprise customers, as we enable their digital transformations, resulted both in a record number of new EBAs in the fourth quarter; and also strong expansion and renewal rates with existing EBA customers. We are seeing our new products, typically used by contractors, being increasingly adopted by design firms. For example, we expanded our agreement with Jacobs, the world’s largest design firm, to include Pype, PlanGrid, and Assemble to enable greater collaboration and more efficient workflows. Autodesk has been a trusted partner of Jacobs over the last 30 years, aligned with its mission to challenge today and reinvent tomorrow. Jacobs is also using Autodesk’s transformative services to help them deliver innovative solutions to their customers. For example, Autodesk and Jacobs partnered to deliver the world’s first generatively designed airport in Australia and, together, we are focused on leveraging generative design to solve other client challenges around the world. Environmental Air Systems, EAS, a full-service mechanical contractor and custom-built HVAC equipment manufacturer which is on the forefront of industrialized construction, increased its investment with Autodesk by replacing its existing project management tool with BIM 360. It is now able to leverage its existing investment in AEC Collections, and provide a comprehensive tool for its teams to collaborate and to connect the office and the field. And Tyréns, a leading sustainable urban development consultancy in Sweden, significantly expanded its strategic platform partnership with Autodesk. As Per Bjälnes, Tyréns Digital Strategy Manager for Business Area X, said, “Tyréns is at the leading edge of the digital transformation of the construction and maintenance industry. Digitalization enables smart building design, but requires secure data flows and seamless collaboration across a broad ecosystem of stakeholders during the construction and operations process. Autodesk’s Revit and BIM 360 Docs empowered us to create true digital representations, and now with Autodesk Forge we can leverage those assets as digital twins to create value for different stakeholders, such as a reduction of energy consumption, the prediction and optimization of maintenance, and new smart seamless end user services." We are also seeing benefits from our strategy in manufacturing. In the automotive sector, we now provide design software through our enterprise agreements to nearly all the largest global Automotive OEMs, and are extending our footprint beyond design into the factory. For example, our expanded partnership with Rivian, a global provider of electric adventure vehicles, now extends across facilities with Revit, BIM360, and PlanGrid; manufacturing with Inventor and generative design; and in the design studio with Alias, VRED, and Shotgun. We are able to support Rivian as it converts existing facilities to digital twins, optimizes its factory layout using generative design, improves energy efficiency through simulation, and enables collaboration and efficiency using a common data environment. Similarly, we are providing end-to-end support to our long-term customer, Transmashholding, TMH, which is the largest manufacturer of rolling stock and rail equipment in Russia and CIS, to accelerate its digital transformation and converge its design and make processes. TMH now builds trains in concept in Alias, designs and engineers in Inventor, optimizes in Fusion, produces in Powermill, and sells in VRED. Our market-leading cloud-based platform, Fusion 360, enjoyed another quarter of accelerating subscriptions, growing scale of deployments, and adding competitive displacements, ending the quarter with over 140,000 commercial subscriptions. Conturo Protoptyping, a machine shop based in Pittsburgh, recently expanded its relationship with Autodesk by adding more Fusion seats. Conturo is also adopting our recently launched machining extension, due to its integrated Design and CAM workflows, its advanced manufacturing capability, and the potential of generative design to reduce project timelines and solve design-for-manufacturing issues faster than ever before. In education, we continue to expand our footprint and replace traditional CAD competitors. With Tinkercad and Fusion 360 alone, Autodesk is now approaching 40 million education users worldwide. For example, all of University College London’s Mechanical Engineers switched to Fusion 360 during the fourth quarter. As Professor Tim Baker, MBE, who led the transition, said: “Covid-19 accelerated UCL’s transition to the cloud. By enabling collaborative, multi-disciplinary engineering, Fusion 360’s next-generation platform equips our graduates to become the world’s leading engineers of the future.” While all our software remains free for educators and students, graduates continue to bring Fusion 360 with them into the workplace, from startups through to the giants of manufacturing. While we have moderated our license compliance activity during the pandemic, we continue to work with existing and potential customers to ensure they pay for the software they use and comply with our terms of use. Our goal remains to give non-compliant and legacy users access to the benefits of subscription access through flexible models. During the quarter, we closed 23 deals over $500,000 dollars with our license compliance initiatives, 3 of which were over a $1 million. For example, a European customer became aware during its transition to named users that its employees were accessing licenses in regions outside of the contract scope. Our premium plan provided them with the flexibility to manage all licenses centrally, monitor usage to remain in compliance, and resulted in a $1 million-plus deal. And a leading supplier of industrial automation solutions based in Europe, who became a legacy customer 3 years ago, subscribed to our Product Design and Manufacturing Collection when we were able to demonstrate that recent workflow improvements and cloud enabled functionality would allow them to win more business by improving communication with their own customers, and improved efficiency through quicker layout in 2D and handover to 3D and visualization. In closing, we continue to build a stronger Autodesk for the long term. Our early and sustained organic and strategic investment in critical capabilities like cloud computing and cloud-based collaboration, combined with a successful transition to a SaaS business model, give us significant competitive advantages and confidence to grow in the double-digit range in the foreseeable future. We expect to have accelerating momentum during fiscal 2022 and we have multiple drivers that make us confident in our fiscal 2023 free cash flow target of $2.4 billion and double-digit growth thereafter. With that, Operator, we would now like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Saket Kalia from Barclays. You may begin.
Saket Kalia: Okay, great. Thanks, Andrew for taking my questions here and congrats on the new additions to the team.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you.
Saket Kalia: Maybe just to start you touched on this a little bit in your prepared remarks, Andrew, but can you just talk a little bit about how you’re thinking about new business recovery this year and maybe just broad brush, what verticals or GEOs might be stronger than others? 
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Thank you, Saket. I think that’s a really appropriate question to open up with. As you know, new business was down last year and that has a disproportionate impact on how we see revenue in Q1, but the way we look at it shaping up this year is Q1 is kind of the trough of the new business recovery. And we’re going to be accelerating our new business growth out through the year into the second half of the year. In fact, we really see a world where most of the new business that didn’t show up last year, kind of reemerges as we head through this year. So it’s important to see that business that disappeared last year didn’t disappear. It just got shifted out. In fact, you’re hearing a lot about the acceleration of digitization in multiple industries, and we’re seeing that in our space in spades as well. And I think if we look at particular sectors, it’s actually really going to be distributed across all the sectors and kind of similar ways. AEC is already investing really significantly ahead of the market in terms of their digitization efforts. You kind of saw early evidence of that with the EBA business we did. The record number EBAs we did in Q4 relative to previous years. In manufacturing, you kind of see the same accelerated interest in digitalization and new cloud-based workflows, especially surrounding what we’re seeing in fusion. The same goes in media entertainment. The media entertainment business, which was classically a laggard on some of these highly digital, highly cloud integrated workflows is moving to the cloud in a big way. Now, geographically kind of in a broad-brush, I kind of highlighted in the opening remarks that, we saw a broad recovery in Europe and Asia to pre-COVID levels of monthly active usage. And we saw a little bit of a lag in the U.S. and the UK. I think we’re going to see that kind of geographic fraternity new business in that cascade. It’s going to be strong in APAC. It’s going to get strong in Europe, and then it’s going to start to come back in the U.S. and the UK. Q1 will be the trough of this new business growth, and we’re going to accelerate right out of that into the rest of the year. 
Saket Kalia: Got it. That’s really helpful. Maybe for a follow-up, understanding that Innovyze hasn’t closed, it isn’t included in guidance. Can you just give us some broad brushes on maybe how big that revenue scale there is, and maybe just touch on whether there are any significant differences in the business model versus Autodesk?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Differences in opportunities, Saket, so first off, let’s just kind of just level set on why we did Innovyze. I think we’ve been super clear that infrastructure is one of these really big growth opportunities for us long-term. Infrastructure projects take a long time to design and plan, and they last even longer after that. So an investment in infrastructure is an investment in the long-term health of Autodesk. And I think we just have to be super clear about that. Water was one of those areas where it would have taken us all a lot of time to catch up organically, whereas road and rail is an area we’ve been highlighting to you that we’ve been investing in organically with our portfolio and really making great strides there. When you look at the business at a high level, in terms of the differences and where the revenue is going to come from. So look, at a high level, Innovyze is going to be accretive to our revenue growth, roughly to a percentage point, as we head into this year that includes deferred revenue write-offs and the fact that we have a partial year in here, it’s probably going to be dilutive this year about a percentage point off of operating margin. But here’s the opportunity that I want to make sure you highlight. You actually poked out a little bit between the differences in our business model. Not only are we going to plug Innovyze into our sales engine, in terms of named accounts, channel sales and international expansion. We’re also going to apply our expertise on business model transformation to the Innovyze product portfolio. And I think that’s going to be an important transitional element of how we absorb Innovyze into the company.  We’re good at this. We know how to do this, and we know how to navigate this. So what you’re going to see in FY 2023 is you’ll probably see a little bit of a depression of Innovyze’s revenue growth in isolation, because we’re going to be applying the business model transformation. And as you know, with the business model transformation, there’s downward pressure in revenue as a result, but acceleration of revenue as you head out onto the other side of the business model transformation. So if we look at FY 2023, it’s probably going to be neutral to the overall revenue growth of the company. It’s not going to touch the free cash flow number $2.4 billion is going to come out Innovyze or no Innovyze. And they’ll probably be a little bit more of a headwind operating margin, maybe between 1% and 2% as we go through the business model transformation, but a nice acceleration up to our double-digit growth standards as we head beyond FY 2023 to 2024, 2025 and 2026, which is kind of an extra bonus on top of what we’re going to be able to do, just to expand the core Innovyze water business, to capitalize on the increasing investment in infrastructure.  So it’s a good question to talk about the differences in our business model, because there’s actually an opportunity there and a difference.
Saket Kalia: Very helpful, Andrew. Thanks again and congrats on the new additions to the team.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Phil Winslow from Wells Fargo. You may begin.
Phil Winslow: Great. I thank everyone for taking my question and then congrats on a strong close to the year. And once again, congratulations on the new hires in particular. Great to have Debbie back. Really want to focus on the mix side of Autodesk. How do you think about it in a reopening scenario and given the fact that we have a lot of backlog of projects, particularly in the construction and infrastructure world you’re heading into this year, what is the opportunity for Autodesk to potentially accelerate adoption of some of the main functions, BuildingConnected, PlanGrid to try to help the industry work through this backlog? 
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So we actually started to see the early signs of that as we headed into Q4 as new business, starting to strengthen in our construction portfolio in particular. And we also saw it across the Fusion base, as well as people started to look at their manufacturing and the design to manufacturing operations. So we see a pretty significant opportunity here. Look in many ways, the pandemic gave us an opportunity to catch up and pull ahead a little bit here. Our portfolio is now best-in-class. Our development team did an incredible heavy lift and an amazing job unifying what was the best of PlanGrid, which with the best of what we had in BIM 360, we now have Autodesk Build on this foundation of Autodesk Docs. And there is no one that has a better office to trailer solution than we do. And I think if you go out there and you talk to customers and you talk to this space and they look at what we’ve done with Autodesk Build, you’re going to hear the same kind of feedback that we really built a great product, and that’s the product we’re going to be leading with on new business. It’s not that we won’t be leading on the acquired portfolio products as we continue to sell those, but we’re going to lead with Build, and we’re going to lead with Build in many places. And that’s going to give us a chance to not only drive a successful international expansion, but also continue to lap some of our competitors in the rest of the market, especially in places like the mid-market, but another one pieces of our secret sauce heading into the year, Phil, is the flexibility we offer on business models.  We meet our customers wherever they are. And I think this is super important for you to pay attention to, we sell named user subscriptions. We sell site licenses. We sell project-based licensing when they want it. We sell consumption inside of EBAs, whatever they need for whatever project they’re pursuing. We have a model for them and a product for them. And I think that important convergence between the flexibility, which by the way, costs us complexity in the backend, but it’s worth it in terms of meeting the customers where they are. When you combine that with the products, we feel really, really optimistic about how we’re going to accelerate in this year and meet some of this demand. And our customers are looking for it. They want to digitize faster. They’re starting to increase their spending. And we think we’ve got the portfolio of products and the portfolio of purchasing options that makes it work. We’re not trying to force people into one kind of business model, and then maybe try to lock them in kind of places that they don’t want to be. So we feel pretty optimistic.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer.
Andrew Anagnost: No follow-up from Phil. So we didn’t get a follow-up here.
Operator: Not at this time. Our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities. You may begin.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. Andrew, the company has quite a lot on his plate, a very broad agenda. And the question is within the context of your three overarching strategic priorities, obviously making the numbers that you guided to now for fiscal 2022. Can you talk about some of the other critical programmatic executable that you are aiming for this year? For instance, in terms of a channel in terms of delivering on the platform, going live perhaps with PPU other critical technical milestones that you might care to talk about in terms of new products like Tandem and Spacemaker and so forth. And then secondly, on the last call, you noted that within your peer group, Autodesk is the largest R&D spender, which is the case, but could you talk in a little bit more detail about how you’re allocating R&D? Maybe talk about the priorities you’ve spoken of reinvesting in the AEC? And maybe talk about some of those critical investment priorities views in the R&D?
Andrew Anagnost: All right. So there was – it’s usually a multi-party question from Jay. All right. So let’s talk about some of the programmatic pieces here. Now I don’t want to take any thunder away from this year’s AU, which is where we talk a lot about, as you probably noticed with last day, you’re going to see more of a product announcement focused AU, as we move forward. So I don’t want to take any thunder away from that. But if you look at programmatically where we’re going to be leaning into, platform enhancements that bring design and make and industries together and create commonality across many of the industries we serve are going to be a particular lever that we’re to be moving with. We just hired a new CTO with a lot of platform strategy chops that we’re going to be leveraging to integrate some deeper platform capabilities into the company. We’re also going to be looking programmatically at the named user transition program, as you know, that was kind of a bumpy program last year. The customers really didn’t appreciate us introducing that into a pandemic year, and they really want to understand what their options are with regards to flexible usage and occasional use moving forward. For so look for us to explore those kinds of capabilities as we’ve extended out, what the deadline was in that program, which still makes that program being executed faster than maintenance subscription, but probably more on a timeline that fits with what our customers can absorb. So you’ll see us kind of look at those flexible options and explore some of those things with our customers. Now, if you look specifically at how we’re allocating investment, I mean – I think you saw what we did around the A in AEC. We acquired Spacemaker. We’re integrating that team, building up capabilities around that team, particularly around integrating machine learning and cloud-based platforms into the design process in architecture and engineering. So that investment is clear, we’ve highlighted it. You’ve just seen how we’re investing in infrastructure and civil infrastructure. We’ve already talked organically about road and rail. And now we’ve also talked about water and all of this kind of builds on top of what we’re doing with Construction Cloud. I haven’t talked a lot about what we’re going to be doing with manufacturing, but here’s what I can tell you. We’re very interested in the cloud transformation in manufacturing, and I think you’ll see us lean deeply into the cloud transformation around manufacturing more. We’ve invested pretty heavily there. Our investment is large in that whole portfolio, particularly in the Fusion portfolio. I think you’ll continue to see us to invest to that area. And as we head towards AU, you’ll hear exciting things about Fusion. You’ll hear exciting things about Tandem. You’ll hear exciting things about the platform for the company. And you’ll hear exciting things about how the AEC portfolio is starting to come together in a similar way that we brought together some of the construction portfolio acquisitions that we did previously. So look for us to kind of play across all those fields. Now, in terms of the breadth of what we’re doing, I think I might’ve talked about this last time. We reverticalized the company just recently in October. So now I have someone that’s responsible for the AEC execution. Again, that’s Amy Bunszel, Scott Reese working on the execution and product design and manufacturing, and Diana Colella working in the media and entertainment space, and they are working closely with me and the rest of the team to execute on these vertical priorities while we’ve also elevated platform up to a executive staff level, reporting directly to me, which will allow us to synergize the platform efforts more tightly with those things. So we’re doing this from an operational perspective, as well as from a strategic investment perspective.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Thank you, Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: You’re welcome.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Gal Munda from Berenberg Capital. You may begin.
Gal Munda: Hey, thank you for taking my questions. So the first one, I was just like to ask you, Andrew, when you kind of look at how the year played out in terms of the multi-years there or network licenses, versus what you expected. Is it fair to say that you’re kind of ride bang in the middle to that two to one thing that you expected and you’ve just extended the program to 2023. Does that mean that you’re kind of very comfortable with the way that this program is kind of converting and you think that it’s going to remain at that level where it’s not a significant headwind to the model?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So look, our original statements about this being neutral to the model, continue to hold. So there’s no change in that expectation. I think what you saw last year, and I think this is a natural thing, like there’s two sides of the bell curve, right? There is the size of the bell curve for which two for one is like, hey, that’s a no brainer for me. I’m going to take the two for one. And there’s a size of the bell curve for which two for one requires some more thought by the customer. More thought about – okay, wait a second. My usage is greater than two for one, Autodesk, what are you going to do to allow me to be flex a little bit more an EBA is too big for me. So what you saw early on is a lot of those people on the left side of the bell curve, the 50% of people that were up for renewal last year that said, hey, this is good for me. They moved quite rapidly through that, right? The extension is for the people that require more thought about how this is going to impact their business and how they’re going to adapt if their usage is greater than the two for one that the program had. So that’s one of the reasons why we’re working on the extension also to ensure that we have the new flexible models out there for them to explore. So there’s no change in our expectations, which regards to the impact on our business. It’s going to be over in the whole period of the program neutral in terms of impact to our business. Positive long-term in terms of experience for the customers.
Gal Munda: Yes. Absolutely. And then just the second as this follow-up. You mentioned that for this year, you, again, expecting kind of mid-20s long-term deferred revenue in terms of the, you said, no material contribution to free cash flow. When we look into more towards FY 2023 and then maybe even beyond that, we’re hearing this, multi-year licenses is still been very, very strong even during the pandemic. So what would be the normal rate that you kind of think about if you think maybe more longer term, not just next year and maybe the year after? 
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So Simon, remind me what we’re reverting. So one of the things we’re doing, and I want to make sure we’re super clear on this with regards to multi-year. With multi-year our expectations that are revert solely back to the mean here. All right and not try to exceed what we’ve done historically, okay? And I just want to make sure that we understand that and we can get ourselves grounded in that simple fact. We’re reverting back to the mean behavior and yes, as we ended last fiscal year, right, we saw quite an interesting pickup in multi-year, frankly, more than we expected, all right, given that we were still in the pandemic year, but if we look at where we want to be, it’s just a reversion back to the mean. And remember that the multi-year business is attractive to both our channel partners and our customers, because our channel partners liked to collect the cash up front. And our customers like to lock in the price protection for multiple years. And if you recall, reversion to the mean historically for our maintenance business was about 30% of the business, roughly speaking. We want to stay right within that domain and we will probably stay within that domain for the foreseeable future. And that was adjusted peak, not the mean, okay, a piece to 30%, not in the middle. The mean was probably somewhere in the mid-20’s.
Gal Munda: Got you. Thank you, Andrew.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Adam Borg from Stifel. You may begin.
Adam Borg: Great. Thanks for taking the question and also welcoming the new folks coming in. Maybe just a question on the net revenue retention rate. Obviously, the pandemic and speed of recovery will be the key input in the near-term. I was just curious, Andrew, if there’s any kind of initiatives you’re working on internally that can help drive net retention revenue rates back to the historical range. Thanks so much.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So we’re hitting the ranges that we’ve set for net revenue retention. And frankly, obviously there’s two things that drive net revenue retention, renewal rates and AOV renewal, and the ability to expand into accounts, right? And so we’re working both of those sides in terms of increasing renewal rates and increasing our ability to expand in accounts with the make solutions. So when we look at net revenue retention, remember, one of the things that we saw and I think we highlighted this a lot over the last year was how strong the renewal rates lasted throughout the – through the last year and how we continued to move forward. So we actually overperformed based on our expectations on renewal rates of the business. We continue to see – we continue to expect that to accelerate. But more importantly, the net revenue retention is going to be driven by more and more people incorporating our digital portfolios, Construction Cloud, Fusion, other types of products like that and also moving to BIM in the AEC space. So look for a lot of the increases in net revenue retention to be programmatically driven by the move to BIM, the move to digitize in the cloud – in Construction Cloud and the move to transform their manufacturing processes with Fusion 360 and other solutions like that.
Adam Borg: Great. Thanks again.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Sterling Auty from JPMorgan. You may begin.
Sterling Auty: Yes. Thanks. Hi, guys. Just one question from my side. In the context of the improving economy, I’m wondering what if anything you contemplated in that improvement in the business coming from the possibility of further stimulus spending from the government and in particular [Audio Dip]
Andrew Anagnost: We do not factor that in, okay. Governments move slowly, the money trickles down slowly. So we have not factored any of that into our plans and into our guides. That said, we do expect it to be an investment. You probably have heard that the American Society of Civil Engineers in the U.S. rated U.S. Infrastructure a D+. Other countries aren’t doing particularly well either. This is an area for investment and focus. And we expect to see some of that investment focus, but we haven’t factored this in.
Sterling Auty: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from line of Joe Vruwink from Baird. You may begin.
Joe Vruwink: Great. Hi, everyone. One modeling question first and then one on the business. Just when looking at the first quarter guide, I think the revenue variance in terms of variance to consensus estimates that seems explained by the couple 100 basis points you talked about. But I’m wondering in terms of the EPS variance as a bit wider. Are there some discrete investments that take place in 1Q? Is this a function of the extra day thrown into the mix? Or I guess, the question is how do you see margins progressing throughout the year and as 1Q kind of different than just the normal cadence?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So this is a really important question. So let’s talk about Q1 and the shape of the curve and what actually drives revenue in Q1. So I think I said earlier, Q1 is actually at the trough of where we expect things to be. We’re going to accelerate quite rapidly out of Q1. But what actually drives the revenue guiding Q1? The most important thing is the revenue recognition. So let’s look at last year. Last year, we did not grow a new business to the degree, we expected to. In fact, we saw declines year-over-year in our new business. The impact of those declines in new business bookings in the previous year have a disproportionately large effect on Q1, but they worked themselves out relatively quickly as you move into Q2, Q3, Q4 and beyond. So we absolutely do have a somewhat more backend loaded year than we would in a classic Autodesk year, but not extremely disagreed simply because of the hole that was created. And I think I said earlier, the new business that we lost in last year, it didn’t disappear. It’s coming back and it’s coming back with a vengeance as we head into the next year. But there’s a couple of other little factors that affect Q1 disproportionally. And I think it’s really important that we all get grounded on some of these things. So the first one is, we have a set of products that because they are not yet cloud enabled to a certain degree are recognized upfront in the revenue – in the accounting rules. They have to be. We have been working hard to ensure that all of those products are cloud enabled and that will actually force them to be recognized ratably. One of the products that is moving from upfront recognition to ratable recognition is the Vault product family. And that Vault product family was providing quite a bit of upfront revenue recognition previously. And now, as we enter Q1, it’s all going to be recognized, ratably because Vault now has a mobile client, it now has other cloud enabled features in it. So that was all of a sudden a headwind to revenue recognition in Q1, but it works itself out as the year progresses, as the relatability progresses and the buildup progresses. And this is just the way a subscription business model works. So there’s some unusual sort of one-time headwinds to Q1 that unwind themselves fairly quickly. And Q1 is the trough and we will accelerate out of there, but it’s definitely related to the buildup of recognized revenue as we progress. So that – I hope that helps you understand a little bit more how Q1 works. Yes, there are some additional little details like Q1 is one day shorter this year, year-over-year. So it’s actually one less day of revenue in the quarter and it’s three days shorter than quarter-over-quarter. But those other things I talked about are much more important for understanding the Q1 guide and how it unwind as the year progresses. Make sense.
Joe Vruwink: It does. It does. Thank you. And if I can squeeze in one more. Just as you engage with your customers and they come back and you’re booking new business. But as they talked to you about the composition of what they see going forward and their view on how a non-res construction cycle might develop. What are you hearing in terms of similarities? The cycle is going to be like, out of 2008, 2009, out of 2001, 2002 or what are some of the differences that you’re hearing? And how did those similarities or differences impact Autodesk just given how your product portfolio has changed?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So remember, first off that we are distributed across almost all facets of the industry, and it’s important to realize that when one wobbles, another one pops up. And we’re absolutely seeing that pattern. So for instance, you see in commercial real estate development, you see a slowing of projects. You actually do see a rebooting of project that had been put on hold by the pandemic, but you see a slowing of new projects. But you see other new projects coming in the pipeline in terms of urban multi-family housing, suburban multi-family housing, other types of commercial real estate outside of dense urban areas. So we’re hearing a lot from customers about a shift in where their portfolios are moving to. One thing we are getting consistently though, is an ongoing focus on adopting certain aspects of our cloud portfolio, particularly, what we do with Autodesk Build collaborations. The collaboration tools for Revit models. We’re seeing a lot of increased adoption in that, we saw a lot of strength last year. We’re seeing some of that strength heading in. I think that’s going to be an important part of our portfolio moving forward, because not only does it allow for a seamless remote work, but it also allows for better downstream integration to the rest of the build process. So we’re seeing a lot of those tools being adopted, and we’re also seeing a lot more adoption of some of the cloud-based tools that we’re seeing in manufacturing. So the cloud is definitely front and center in terms of some of the growth areas in our portfolio, but do not underestimate BIM and the role of Revit in the digitization of AEC, it will continue to be a strong driver in the new world order, but it’s uneven. It cuts very across geographies, across segments. You definitely see differences in terms of where people are going to seeing things booting up and where they see things slowing down. But like every cycle we’ve ever seen, the money just shifts to somewhere else.
Joe Vruwink: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Hedberg from RBC Capital Markets. You may begin.
Matt Hedberg: Hi, guys, thanks for taking my questions, and that was really good color on Q1. I think that makes a ton of sense. And also my congrats to Debbie, it’s really good to see you back at Autodesk. I guess, Andrew now that we’re sort of unwinding uncertainty, I think that’s a term you’ve used before. When we think of the trajectory to 2023, I mean, I just would kind of like to get me to some high level thoughts there. And I guess even more so, beyond 2023, what’s the right way to think about that as we enter this new fiscal year.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So thank you for this question, right. And it’s an important question. So first off, I want to make sure that I just reiterate something I’ve said many times before. We model our business with super high fidelity, okay. And within those models, we never put forward our best case, right. We always had a buffer in there at some degree, buffers are great for like pandemic years. You love it when you have a buffer. Now, of course, as you get closer to events like FY2023 and things associated with that. The buffer gets smaller, but the accuracy of your model also gets better as well? So we have super – we have a lot of confidence in the buildup to FY2023, the $2.4 billion in free cash flow, the organic metrics surrounding our business and we also have a lot of confidence in the double-digit growth as we had beyond fiscal 2023. Fiscal 2023, isn’t some event, it’s just another milepost like fiscal 2020 was fiscal 2023 is. It’s another milepost on a journey, but there is ongoing growth in the double digit range out beyond fiscal 2023. Now I think one of the things people anchor on right now is what about this buildup from 2022 to 2023? One of the things I want to remind you is about the nature of how momentum is going to be exiting 2022. Remember, we’re going to be slightly more backend loaded in terms of the accumulation of revenue in new business heading into fiscal 2023, not dramatically backend loaded, but more backend loaded than we were traditionally be. We’re going to exit 2023 with quite a bit more momentum than the full year targets would indicate, all right, relatively speaking in terms of those outcomes. So we feel pretty confident with the momentum we’ll exit FY2023 with, and that we have the book of business from the renewal base, from the continuing digitization of AEC, from the continuing convergence of design and make and manufacturing, and to the conversion of non-compliant users to hit the numbers that we have in FY2023 and beyond. And we were confident in our models, we’re confident in the margin of error. We’re confident in the levers we can pull if we had to pull any. So we see line of sight to some of the organic goals that we’ve been talking about, and we continue to be confident even with what seems to be a big buildup from 2022 to 2023, you just have to pay attention to the momentum we have as we exit the full year 2022 into 2023.
Matt Hedberg: Super helpful, very clear. Thanks, Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: No different than that 2019 to 2020 discussion that we had. I think like yesterday, but it was three years ago.
Matt Hedberg: It does. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question will come from the line of Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley. You may begin.
Keith Weiss: [indiscernible] questions, I wanted to dig into the recovery. So our survey work shows expectations are getting a little bit pushed out from the kind of first half of 2022 to the next quarter end. We’ve heard from you and your peers on a slow recovery. So kind of what are you hearing from customers and what do they need to see in order to pick up the pace of recovery? And also where are the areas that you see there could be some risks that it could get further delayed. Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So first off, our customers have to invest ahead of their project load in order to be successful. Remember our tools show up not only in the execution phase and the make phase, but also very early in the early conceptual design phases. And one of the big areas of strength that we saw in Q4 was that large increase in enterprise business agreements. We see the record number of EBAs we saw is kind of an emblematic of customers investing in future digitalization capacity. So we expect to see that regardless of the situation in the markets right now. But our view continues to be Q1 the trough, the acceleration starts to come out of Q1, as we head out of the spring and into the summer. Right now there’s lots of uncertainty and you hear lots of buzz around variants and vaccine distributions. But I think all of us are smart enough to know that just like when we have these discussions about testing infrastructure and testing rollout and testing capacity, all these things work themselves out over a multi-month period in terms of distribution of vaccines, distribution of assignment of capacity and all the things associated with that. Now, if all of that stuff starts to crumble and fumble, of course, you end up in a new situation, but that is highly unlikely in this situation. And there’s much more alignment on trying to get the right things done. And that’s what we’re hearing from our customers more and more is they’re trying to invest ahead of the growth they see coming forward. So we’re pretty bullish as we head into the second half of the year and we’re pretty optimistic as we head into the summer. There’s always something that can derail this, a wobble in the vaccine distribution or something associated with that or some kind of rise of political uncertainty. But you know what, we can’t predict those things. And we don’t see those things. And what we see mostly are tailwinds right now, as we head out of Q1 and into Q2 and beyond.
Keith Weiss: Great. That’s super helpful. And then just to sneak one more in, your comments on the areas investment were certainly helpful. But just taking a step back, the Innovyze deal was one of the largest acquisitions to date. I believe it was above PlanGrid. So how should we just think about the kind of higher level framework for investing organically in R&D versus kind of the acquisitions as a source of innovation? Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So we tend to invest organically in innovations that either we’ve been invested – that we’ve been working on for a period of time, that it represents net new business opportunities that we will acquire to net new business opportunities where there’s like, no mature market yet. But we will tend to acquire in areas where we’re seeing long-term opportunities or opportunities for enhanced digitization or enhanced cloud capability in verticals where we might not have established vertical – businesses or sub verticals where we might not have established businesses. But make no bones about it. Our organic investment is very much driven on this convergence of design and make in both AEC and manufacturing. And on this convergence of manufacturing and construction across our industries, we’ve got a lot of organic focus and the innovation in those areas. We will acquire inorganically for innovation in certain cloud-based areas, but more likely, we’ll acquire for vertical specialization in areas where established businesses have created a presence.
Keith Weiss: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost: And I think Innovyze is indicative to that.
Operator: Unfortunately, that’s all the time we have for questions today. I’d like to turn the call back over to the speakers for any closing remarks.
Simon Mays-Smith: Thank you everyone for joining us. I know it’s a busy night for many of you. Look forward to catching up with you next quarter’s results. If you have any questions in the meantime, please contact us, simon.mays-smith@autodesk.com, look forward to chatting soon.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q3  (2020-11-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Q3 Fiscal Year 2021 Autodesk Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants’ lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Simon Mays-Smith, Vice President of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead, sir.
Simon Mays-Smith: Thanks, Operator, and good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our third quarter of fiscal year ‘21. On the line is Andrew Anagnost, our CEO; and Scott Herren, our CFO. Today’s conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. You can find the earnings press release, slide presentation and transcript of today’s opening commentary on our Investor Relations website following this call. During the course of this call, we may make forward-looking statements about our outlook, future results and related assumptions, and strategies. These statements reflect our best judgment based on currently known factors. Actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to our SEC filings for important risks and other factors including developments in the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting impact on our business and operations that may cause our actual results to differ from those in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. During the call, we will quote a number of numeric or growth changes as we discuss our financial performance and unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. All non-GAAP numbers referenced in today’s call are reconciled in the press release or the slide presentation on our investor relations website. And now, I will turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Simon, and welcome everyone to the call. First off, I hope you and your families are remaining safe and healthy. Before jumping into our third quarter results, I would like to thank again our employees and the families and communities that support them, as well as our partners and customers, for their sustained commitment during uncertain times. That commitment was reflected in our execution, and demonstrated the resilience of our business model this past quarter. Together, they enabled us to deliver strong Q3 results - with billings, revenue, earnings and free cash flow coming in above expectations, despite the volatile macro-economic conditions resulting from the pandemic. I am pleased to see the acceleration of our SaaS business model, the secular shift to the cloud underpinning it and the competitive opportunities it brings. We have many miles of opportunity ahead of us. Our enterprise customers are undertaking their own digital transformation and by enabling that transformation, we are becoming a strategic partner rather than a software vendor. These strategic partnerships are broader than in the past, with our customers expanding their Autodesk product portfolios. Our third quarter results reflect this trend, as our enterprise deal activity with large customers accelerated. We closed some of the largest transactions in the company’s history, including a nine-digit deal. I am proud of our team’s execution, which positions us well entering the fourth quarter with a strong pipeline of deals. In the third quarter, we also saw the ebb and flow of the economic impact of the pandemic. As you know, our transition to the cloud means we are able to monitor the usage patterns of our products across the globe and see the positive correlation between increasing usage levels and new business growth in those regions. China, Korea, Japan, and most of Europe saw usage levels rise above pre-COVID levels. While usage trends in the U.S. and U.K. have not yet returned to pre-COVID levels, while they have stabilized in the U.S. and grown sequentially in the U.K. In line with the usage trends, our new business remains impacted by the pandemic, but the diversity of our revenue stream and customer base is helping us deliver strong results.  And as you know, Scott has decided to take on the next challenge in his career by accepting the CFO role at Cisco, starting mid-December. Scott has played a huge role in driving the business over the last six years, helping Autodesk successfully navigate the business model transition. We are sad to see him leave, but we are also excited for him. Thank you, Scott, for your many contributions to Autodesk and I wish you continued success in the next chapter of your career. Scott is leaving behind a strong team to ensure smooth operations while we look for his replacement. We have started the search process, and it is my top priority in the near-term. Now, I’d like to turn it over to Scott to take you through the details of our quarterly performance, and guidance for the year. I will then come back to provide insights into our strategic growth drivers. 
Scott Herren: Thanks, Andrew. I am leaving Autodesk with mixed emotions, as I am excited about what lies ahead for me, but also sad about leaving my colleagues at Autodesk. The last six years have been the most fun and rewarding of my entire career, as we have transformed the company from a traditional license revenue model to a cloud-based recurring revenue model. That transition is now complete and I leave knowing Autodesk is well-positioned for the future with leading positions in attractive markets and accelerating momentum. Looking at the quarter’s results, several factors contributed to our outperformance across all key metrics, including, strong enterprise deal activity, healthy subscription renewal rates, digital sales, a sequential improvement in new business trends, and foreign exchange rates. Total revenue growth came in at 13% as reported, 14% in constant currency, with subscription plan revenue growing by 24% and operating margin expanding by 3 percentage points. We previously told you we extended payment terms for customers impacted by the pandemic. The normalization of payment terms, combined with improving business trends and strong cash collections in Q3, helped drive healthy free cash flow of $340 million. Current RPO, which reflects committed revenue for the next twelve months, was up 16%, a slight improvement on the rate of growth we saw in the second quarter. Total RPO was up 21%. We again benefited from the diversity of our customer base. Business softness in certain areas, like the U.S. and parts of Europe, was offset by strength in other areas. Digital sales continued to drive double-digit billings growth through our online channel, supported by accelerated growth in our cloud-based Fusion offerings. We are developing broader strategic relationships with our enterprise customers with multiyear commitments. As is typical for most enterprise agreements, the nine-digit deal Andrew mentioned is a three-year commitment billed annually and did not have a meaningful impact on our revenue or cash flow during the third quarter. The run-rate business with our partners also continued to perform well. While we are seeing the traction of our transition to the named user business model, it results in a subset of our customers optimizing their installed base by reducing the number of named user seats needed after they take advantage of our 2-for-1 trade-in program. I am pleased to report that these overall trends are in line with our expectations. As we have said in the past, in aggregate, the transition to the named user model is a revenue-neutral event for us, but enables us to offer more value to our customers, in a similar way as other SaaS providers. Our net revenue retention rate remained within the 100% to 110% range we laid out in our guidance. Our product subscription renewal rates remained strong, reinforcing the critical nature of our products to our customers. As in the prior quarter, approximately 40% of the maintenance customers who came up for renewal converted to subscriptions. Our maintenance renewal rate declined sequentially, which was expected as we are nearing the end of our maintenance program. Industry collections remained a stable share of our total business in Q3. As anticipated, multiyear payments were down year-over-year, but we saw modest sequential improvement in the share of multiyear payments across each geography as customers continue to make long-term investments in our products. And finally, during the third quarter we spent $196 million to buy back 800,000 shares at an average price of approximately $231 per share. Year-to-date, we have repurchased 2.12 million shares at an average price of approximately $186 per share, for a total spend of $393 million. Now let me turn to our guidance. We are raising the low end of our full-year revenue guidance to a range of $3.750 billion to $3.765 billion, bringing the mid-point growth rate up to 15% year-over-year. We are also raising our non-GAAP operating margin outlook to the upper end of our prior range, a 4-point improvement from last year. Our fourth quarter performance will benefit from the strength in our third quarter results, but the business environment remains uncertain given the current wave of COVID cases. We expect product subscription renewal rates to continue to be very healthy. Churn on our maintenance offering will likely accelerate as we enter the final stages of ending our maintenance offering. And we expect our net revenue retention rate to remain between 100% and 110% for the quarter.  Our pipeline entering the fourth quarter is strong, but we have assumed that new business and multiyear contracts will continue to be under pressure. The narrowing of our billings and free cash flow outlook range is primarily driven by moderating assumptions around multiyear and the uncertainty presented by the current environment. It’s the testament to the strategic value of our products to our customers, and the resiliency of our model, that we are still expecting to report 15% revenue growth despite the current economic headwinds. Looking out to our fiscal year 2022, we expect an improving macro-economic environment as we exit this year will result in accelerating growth in new business over the course of fiscal ‘22. Given our subscription model, revenue growth will lag the improving sales environment. As we have said in the past, the path to fiscal ‘23 will not be linear. We expect our fiscal ‘22 revenue growth to be low- to-mid-teens and free cash flow growth to re-accelerate to approximately 20%. We are confident in our fiscal ‘23 free cash flow target of $2.4 billion, as we will benefit from improving business momentum in fiscal ‘22 that will provide a tailwind to our revenue and free cash flow growth. In fiscal ‘23, we will also benefit from the renewals of our fiscal ‘20 transactions when we restarted multiyear payments for a part of our business. Beyond fiscal ‘23, our continued investment in cloud products and a subscription business model, backed by a strong balance sheet, give us a robust foundation and platform for double-digit growth.  And now, I’d like to turn it back to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Scott. Our strong performance in Q3 once again demonstrates the advantages of our diverse customer base, resiliency of our employees, the power of our SaaS offerings, and the strength of our business model. At Autodesk University last week, we hosted approximately 100,000 customers and partners, and made a series of product and partnership announcements as well as our acquisition of Spacemaker, which closed yesterday and offers industry leading functionality to architects. Spacemaker will enable us to support Design professionals much earlier in their workflow, by harnessing AI to rapidly create and evaluate options for a building or urban development. Through automated data capture, smart design, decision support, and collaboration functionality, Spacemaker enables users to quickly generate, optimize and iterate on design. It also offers a fundamental shift in how we imagine and build cities in the future, and the time needed to evaluate various possible options. I encourage you to check out the demo from last week that is available on our website. We also announced the Autodesk Construction Cloud platform, which unifies our AEC cloud offerings and the data held within them, to enable a connected project ecosystem across design and construction. Underpinning the Autodesk Construction Cloud is our common data environment, Autodesk Docs. This provides seamless navigation, integrated workflows and project controls, and enables a single source of truth across the project lifecycle. Autodesk Build, Quantify, and BIM Collaborate bring together the best of PlanGrid and BIM 360, with new functionality to create a comprehensive field construction and project management solution. For our design customers, BIM Collaborate Pro extends the capabilities of BIM 360 Design on the new platform to create a more seamless exchange of project data between design and construction. During the quarter, Morgan Sindall, a leading construction group in the U.K., committed to Autodesk as their strategic platform partner. As Lee Ramsey, Morgan Sindall’s Digital Design Director, said, quote, as I researched all the marketplace solutions, Autodesk stood out to me. Autodesk Construction Cloud provides greater integration between different roles and functions, allowing data to be shared across projects, silos to be broken, and a vast amount of efficiency to be gained, end quote. The breadth of our AEC business has underpinned its resilient performance, and enabled it to be a net beneficiary from secular and cyclical trends. Despite many construction projects being interrupted, delayed, or navigating new ways of working because of the pandemic, we are still seeing year-on-year growth across all our construction offerings. Our cloud-based products enable our customers to navigate the cycle today, and to be more efficient and sustainable for tomorrow. Our office-based solutions continued to do well while our field-based solutions improved sequentially, boosted by several competitive wins. Customers continue to choose PlanGrid to digitize their processes because it is easy to use and they only pay for what they need. This quarter, our BIM 360 products set records for both worldwide weekly average users and projects. We also continue to see adoption with our larger customers and within the infrastructure industry.  During the quarter, one of the world’s leading professional services firms which serves clients in the infrastructure and building sectors increased its investment with Autodesk. We have been partnering together for over 15 years and the renewal of our enterprise business agreement enables this firm to expand its use of BIM 360 and PlanGrid in order to adapt faster to industry changes and create new markets for its services.  In another instance, Japan’s largest home builder, Daiwa House Industry Co, Ltd., renewed its enterprise business agreement with us. The company is making key investments in BIM, and has selected Autodesk to be its strategic innovation partner to achieve its goals for digital transformation, design for manufacturing, and industrialized construction. The company is adopting BIM at all levels of the organization, and has made a commitment to adopt additional Autodesk products, including BIM 360 Docs and Design, and PlanGrid. We are thrilled to be working with Daiwa House at the forefront of industrialized construction. Our cloud-based platform is also propelling growth in Manufacturing by enabling the convergence of Design and Make. On the commercial side, our market-leading cloud-based platform, Fusion 360, enjoyed another quarter of accelerating subscriptions, growing scale of deployments, and adding competitive displacements, to end the quarter with over 120,000 subscriptions. At AU, we introduced several extensions to Fusion 360 that further encourage adoption and usage of the platform by adding specialist functionality. As a reminder, extensions offer expanded tools and functionality that can be added on demand to the core Fusion 360 offering. This kind of functional flexibility and cost effectiveness enhances the value of our platform for designers, engineers and manufacturers.  We also announced exciting partnerships with Sandvik Coromant and Rockwell Automation. With Sandvik Coromant, a metal cutting tools and services company, we took the first steps to realize a shared, long-term vision of accelerating the automation of manufacturing processes by making tool data and manufacturing recommendations available to users of Fusion 360. With Rockwell Automation, a provider of industrial automation and information technology, we combined factory layout capabilities available in our industry collection with their factory simulation tools. Together, these solutions will help our mutual customers digitally design and commission factories in less time and with greater efficiency. This quarter we also announced the acquisition of CAMplete, a leading provider of post-processing and machine simulation solutions. CAMplete bridges the gap between CAM programming and shop floor machine tool operation. It allows manufacturers to digitally simulate and verify the machine code that drives their production equipment before running it on the shop floor. This will enable our customers to identify potential problems, in a digital environment, at the programming phase that could otherwise scrap work or damage machine tools in production. During the quarter, a large multinational defense, security and aerospace company with an extensive global supply chain chose to increase its investment with Autodesk through an enterprise business agreement. To stay at the forefront of its industry, the company is using innovative manufacturing methods to save time and money and has set a target to 3D print approximately one third of the components in its new jet. As it radically changes the way it designs and builds, the company has selected Autodesk as a key strategic partner. The adoption of our products is also driving change throughout its supply chain, which must adopt new ways of working. With Fusion 360, it now has access to our advanced manufacturing solutions to help it realize its business goals. In education, we continue to expand our footprint. Tinkercad, our fully browser-based product development platform for aspiring designers, now has over 30 million users worldwide. Fusion 360 on Chromebooks is experiencing rapid adoption at high schools and universities and is replacing entry-level, browser-based CAD/CAM with professional-grade, career-accelerating Fusion 360. For instance, the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign has now switched to Fusion 360 across multiple departments, including biomedical engineering, systems engineering and mechanical engineering.  We are seeing early adoption of our Premium plan, with customers taking advantage of the enhanced subscription offering at renewal. Many of our multi-user customers who are transitioning to the named user model are finding great value in the Premium plan, due to its advanced user analytics, single sign-on capabilities, and enhanced support. For example, Scheuch, a leader in the field of innovative air and environment technology, decided to commit to a long-term investment in Premium this quarter, primarily due to the SSO and user management capabilities. They see Autodesk as a strategic partner as it continues to harmonize its global IT infrastructure. Let me finish by updating you on our progress monetizing non-compliant users. We continue to be sensitive to the short-term economic pressure faced by our customers, but remain optimistic about the long-term opportunity as we demonstrate the value of our cloud-based platform to our customers.  For example, in China, a customer which left us to try a lower cost competitor quickly returned due to AutoCAD’s superior functionality and invested further in Autodesk by purchasing collections for the first time to focus on growth. Our efforts to educate our customers about the benefits of staying compliant with our subscriptions are yielding results, as we are able to convert them to paying users in a customer friendly manner. During the quarter, we closed eight deals over $500,000 with our license compliance team. In closing, we continue to build a stronger Autodesk for the long-term. Our early and sustained organic and strategic investment in critical capabilities like cloud computing and cloud-based collaboration, combined with a successful transition to a SaaS business model, give us significant competitive advantages and confidence to grow in the double-digit range in the foreseeable future and we have multiple drivers that make us confident in our fiscal ‘23 free cash flow target of $2.4 billion. With that, Operator, we would now like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Saket Kalia from Barclays Capital. Your line is now open.
Saket Kalia: Okay. Great. Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions here, and Scott, congratulations on the next step. You will certainly be missed.
Scott Herren: Thanks, Saket.
Saket Kalia: Hey, Andrew, maybe first for you, a lot to talk about, but one of the questions that I feel like we got a little bit, especially during the months of October and November, were what potentially higher infrastructure spending spurred by the government could mean for Autodesk? And of course, we don’t know what that looks like yet or frankly even if it will happen, but I was wondering some of what you Autodesk maybe saw during the 2009 Recovery and Reinvestment Act as perhaps a frame of reference. Does that make sense?
Andrew Anagnost: Yeah. Saket, that makes sense. First off, let me start the question by being super clear. We don’t have any kind of projections around stimulus or the impact of stimulus on our business in any of our models, right? That stuff that we leave out because one does not want to leave themselves exposed to the vagaries of government. However, if we go back to ‘08 and ‘09, and I think, it’s important to remember this, one of the narratives about Autodesk in ‘08 and ‘09 is, oh, Autodesk is so exposed to the housing market. Oh, my gosh. And the reality was that Autodesk revenue recovered well, significantly faster than the housing market did and that was because of the distributed nature of our work and our customer base and the projects and the sectors that we cover. Infrastructure spending and stimulus spending back then absolutely helped because it created a pipeline of projects that were new, but we were already recovering before some of the stimulus showed up and I think it’s important to recognize that. If you look at what the impact might be if we actually see some of this show up and we actually see some important stimulus, obviously it’s going to increase the project pipelines of our customers and that’s always good for us. And it could see more adoption of our portfolio. It could be really good for the construction portfolio. But again, Saket, I want to make it super clear, we don’t model that kind of stuff in our outlook and we are not expecting it to hit our numbers.
Scott Herren: Yeah. Saket, the only other comment that I’d add on top of that is, let’s say, an infrastructure bill does get passed. It will take some time for that bill to turn into real projects and for those projects to get put out to bid and for that then to downstream start to drive our business. So even if that were to happen, let’s say, early in the new administration, I wouldn’t expect it to of have a material impact on fiscal ‘22 anyway.
Saket Kalia: Got it. That’s super helpful. Scott, maybe for my follow-up for you. Thanks for the early fiscal ‘22 guide. That’s very helpful. I guess with 20% free cash flow growth next year and that target of $2.4 billion fiscal ‘23, it looks like that acceleration of free cash flow that we are seeing here in fiscal ‘21 is -- actually, in fiscal ‘21 and ‘22 is going to continue into ‘23. Can you just talk a little about some of the drivers that might contribute to that? You touched on this a little in the prepared comments, so I am just wondering wonder if you could double click on it once more?
Scott Herren: Yeah. Sure, Saket. And by the way, you were one of the ones that got it right, actually, as I recall looking at your preview note for what to expect on fiscal ‘22. And as you know, we have been running multiple scenarios. I have been probably run driving my team crazy, running scenarios over the last nine months and in each case we run it not just for the impact of this fiscal year and next fiscal year out through fiscal ‘23 to even fiscal ‘25 and beyond. So to have a good sense of how the model responds to a variety of different scenarios, that’s part of what underpins our confidence in fiscal ‘23. But if you step back and say, what are the drivers behind that and I will start with the biggest driver. You have seen our renewal rates stay steady through this process and in fact even modestly we saw sequential increase in renewal rates, but given the size of our renewal base, that’s a big driver longer term. And we talked about the net revenue retention rate kind of staying in that 100% to 110% range even during the pandemic. So you take a big renewal base with a high renewal rate and 100% to 110% net revenue retention rate that drives a lot of growth. Add to that what we are seeing in cloud and the cloud products acceleration overall, we still have a pretty significant opportunity to convert nonpaying users of out in front of us and we built the leading portfolio, product portfolio in construction. So there is a -- and we have talked about again today about the success of our manufacturing business and where we are headed there and some of the traction we are beginning to get with Fusion 360 and the way we are monetizing that with some of the extension. So there’s a lot behind that. That’s what drives our confidence not just in this year and some of the early view I gave you of fiscal ‘22 but then how that ramps up out through fiscal ‘23. I think there’s two other quick things I’d like to add to that. We do -- we are seeing a modest improvement in economic activity right now that Andrew talked about. Certain countries are back to pre-COVID levels, but it’s not consistent. Our expectation is that we will see continued economic improvement through next year but that that will -- I doubt it’s going to be a straight line. I think that will be more pronounced in the second half of next year, which means the year will be a bit more back-end loaded. And that linearity affects not just revenue. It also affects when we collect cash. a lot of the sales of that momentum in the second half of the year will turn into fiscal ‘23 free cash flow. And then one other item that I want to get on the call so that you can build it into your model, we do see a cash tax impact year-on-year this year to next year of about $50 million to $60 million as our profitability has improved fairly significantly. So you add all those together, that’s what underpin our confidence, the early view of fiscal ‘22 cash flow and our confidence in $22.4 billion in fiscal ‘23.
Saket Kalia: Got it. That’s very helpful. Thanks, guys.
Scott Herren: Thanks, Saket.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Hedberg from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Matt Hedberg: Hey. Great, guys. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on these numbers in a really difficult situation. I will also offer my congrats to Scott. It’s been great working with you, obviously, we will miss you at Autodesk, but congrats and best of luck. Andrew, I wanted to ask you about the nine-figure three-year renewal deal. That is super exciting. I guess I am wondering can you give us a bit of history on how that customer has grown to this level. And then maybe the opportunity for other enterprise deals of this caliber, given your sort of extended platform these days?
Andrew Anagnost: Yeah. So we actually broke records a couple of times during this quarter, so these deals are becoming more the norm than not in our quarters. And I want to tell you what essentially underpins all of these and I think it’s important and it’s the same dynamic in all of them. Our customers look three years out. They look at what they are trying to do internally, transformationally, with digital transformation or with the transition to BIM or with the transition to the cloud with Fusion and other things associated with that. And they ask themselves, okay, what are they going to need in an EBA in order to drive and maintain that expansion without coming back and renegotiating the contract with us again. That’s what’s powering this. A strategic discussion about what are the long-term adoption requirements of these customers. So for instance, a customer might see themselves expanding more into industrialized construction and applying both Inventor and Revit more broadly in their process, and they want to make sure they plan for that or they are going to expansion of Construction Cloud deeper into their processes. So they are planning for that. They are saying, well, I am using this much Construction Cloud this year. I am going to use this much next year, the year after that, the year after that. So this is what is driving these kinds of deals, this discussion about the three-year expansion of usage of our portfolio in these accounts and it’s not just usage across users, it’s usage across breadth of portfolio. Otherwise, you couldn’t see deals of this size coming through. That’s the dynamic that plays out in almost all of these deals that we are seeing. Make sense, Matt?
Matt Hedberg: Got it. Yeah. No. That’s super helpful. And then maybe just a double click on the SaaS side. I mean, Andrew, you talk to executives every day, and I guess, I think, we are all excited about the prospects of the vaccine. On those conversations, though, in a post-COVID world, I mean, do you get a sense that you have obviously had a lot of success with 360 SaaS today, but you think we could see even a bit of a slingshot effect as part of these larger deals, as customers really, effectively raise to embrace SaaS potentially for the next pandemic at some point?
Andrew Anagnost: Yeah. I actually think, it has -- it even goes beyond pandemic. It’s like once you have got a taste of it, you want more of it. It’s what’s going on too, okay? Because remember some of these customers, they were not broadly deploying our SaaS solutions prior to pandemic and what they are seeing now is you know what, this stuff is important, I need to get on it and I need to prepare for the future and this is how I am going to drive my digitization. So we are absolutely going to see continued growth in these SaaS platforms. It’s interesting that you mentioned the vaccine and things like that, because what we are seeing when we talk to executives right now is, everybody doesn’t see a change in the timeline of how this pandemic is going to play out. But all of us, what we are seeing is increasing reductions in uncertainty. It starts with vaccine conversations and then more than one vaccine and then it goes into, hey, the U.S. election is getting less uncertain, who is going to be the president is less uncertain. So this is progressive building of uncertainty being removed and customers are getting more and more comfortable about looking at their second half investment scenarios for next year and SaaS is in every one of those conversations, okay? And I think as long as we continue on this trajectory of uncertainty being removed, you are going to see people being increasingly comfortable with how they feel about the second half of next year.
Matt Hedberg: Super helpful. Thanks, guys.
Scott Herren: Thanks for the question, Matt.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Philip Winslow from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Philip Winslow: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on this great quarter. And Scott, obviously it’s been a great pleasure working with you, not just at Autodesk, but going back to. We will definitely miss you my friend.
Scott Herren: Thanks, Phil.
Philip Winslow: The -- I got a question for you in terms of your the AEC portfolio, obviously, very diversified in terms of the sort of the stages of call it a building from design, planning, actual construction. And so I guess, sort of a two part question here, what are you seeing in sort of that portfolio right now and into Q4, then we are thinking about next fiscal year. How are you spending sort of the ebbs and flows of that portfolio to play out?
Andrew Anagnost: Yeah. Actually, Phil, you are pushing on an important competitive differentiator for us. The breadth of capability we have across the entire AEC cycle and the way we are integrating that information in the cloud is fairly unique, right? And what we are seeing and this is something that I think you will see progressively, again and again. Right now a lot of people are talking about digital twins and that’s a vocabulary that’s out there, obviously, we haven’t used that vocabulary very often. But what’s going on right now is BIM. 3D BIM is the original digital twin, right? And this whole discussion around digital twins and AEC and things associated with it is accelerating the dialogue around if I want to do digital twins, I have got to do BIM, because there’s no digital twin without a Building Information Model. And you are going to see a continuing ongoing acceleration of the usage of BIM up front in our portfolio. But then what we have layered on top of it is a couple of critical things that make the entire portfolio more valuable. You may have noticed we emphasized this notion in the new Construction Cloud platform around a common data environment and all the things that go along with that common data environment. That common data environment is not just SaaS based. It’s also ultimately going to be ISO compliant and it’s going to allow us to move that building information data all the way through the entire process. So you are going to see more and more adoption of what’s in Autodesk Build, all the way through from the preconstruction planning cycle to the construction site and that’s a pretty powerful differentiator for us. But the one last thing I want to mention to you, and we talked about this at AU and I want to make sure you paid attention to it, was the rollout of Tandem, Autodesk Tandem. And what was Tandem? So Tandem is, if digital twins start with BIM, Tandem is a way to bring BIM data together from multiple places. From our BIM models or our BIM information, from other third parties that are building controller information perhaps, from other BIM based data from other types of applications and bring it into a single aggregated view in the cloud that updates dynamically as the building project progresses. This puts us at the forefront of bringing the power of BIM to create digital twins to the ability to create digital twins in the cloud that actually represents the final state of the project no matter where all that project data comes from. So we are pretty excited about this progression and what it means for the company and I think you are going to see a lot of interest and uptake in the approach we are taking.
Philip Winslow: That’s awesome. That’s super exciting and an equally as exciting question for Scott, long-term deferred revenue. The -- how are you thinking about that next year, obviously, the guidance for this year is hanging out at the mid-20s? But how are you sort of modeling that when you are thinking about that cash flow for next year and the year after that?
Scott Herren: Yeah. I think for next year it stays in that range, Phil. I don’t want to get into too much forecasting of fiscal ‘22 until we get to the Q4 earnings call and obviously we can give you more detail at that point. But what we are seeing this year is kind of moderating assumptions around multiyear, and of course that’s what drives a lot of that long-term deferred. And so you see the sequential trends there are long-term. It hasn’t fallen off the floor. It hasn’t fallen off the desk and onto the floor. The multiyear rates are still there. But they are not as robust as we had seen historically in maintenance. I think ultimately it returns to that level. But frankly I don’t think the moderating multiyear that we see this year, there’s a big negative in the sense that given the strength of our renewal rates we will continue to get that, collect that cash. We will just collect it in the subsequent two years instead of collecting all three years upfront and we will collect it without the 10% discount that we put in as an incentive for those multiyear transactions. So think of it settling in where it is for the foreseeable future. Ultimately, I think there’s a little room for it to run.
Philip Winslow: Awesome. Thanks, guys, and congrats again on a great quarter.
Scott Herren: Thanks, Phil.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you so much, and Scott, I will echo my congratulations and to you as well, Andrew, for the company’s execution in this challenging macro environment. I wanted to ask two questions. One, if you could share with us kind of, I mean, the competitive positioning in construction, given your pricing model and how you might see some of the competitors responding? So if you could spend some time on that, maybe a little bit more on the differentiation if that’s gotten even wider over the course of the pandemic? And then also, if I look at your growth in Asia-Pac, you can see that was the best region in terms of growth. How far behind do you think the Americas is from the recovery and the solid growth that you are seeing in APAC? Thank you so much.
Andrew Anagnost: All right. So let me start with the competitive positioning on the construction. You are absolutely right, Heather, that the pandemic actually gave us an opportunity to lap our competition a bit. The slowdown definitely took the wind out of certain parts of the market. However, we didn’t slow down, we continued to invest and we put quite a bit of money into rolling out the unified platform. So what you see with Autodesk Build, which is what we are going to lead with in every new deal, we are leading with Autodesk Build over and over again, and we are going to lead internationally and we are going to lead in the U.S. with this, is a comprehensive project management and field management application that goes from design all the way through to site management, site execution and layers on the analytics associated with Construction IQ and some of the predictive skills, all built on top of Autodesk Docs. So this is a pretty significant change. That platform is highly competitive. As a matter of fact, it’s differentiated in numerous ways because of its end-to-end capabilities. In terms of pricing models, here’s what’s unique about us, Heather, and I think, it’s very important to remember this. No one in the industry is more flexible with the way we deliver these applications than Autodesk. So if you want to buy named users and deploy named users, we have got named users for you. That’s our primarily deployment model for most of our applications. If you want to pay based on project turnover, you can do that. If you want to play based on usage and consumption, you can do that. This flexibility is heavily coveted by our customers, and in fact, I think, this flexibility has been part and parcel of what’s allowed us to continue to expand the usage of the Construction Cloud even during what’s happened over the last year. So I think technologically we are now competitively differentiated, because we took the pandemic as a time to double down on the platform unification and get it out there and business model-wise we are differentiated. So we are feeling in a pretty strong competitive position as we head into the recovery next year across all the various markets. We love that we have tough competition in this space. We think it’s good for us. We think it’s good for our customers. But we are feeling really good about where we are at. Now, with regard to the Americas versus APAC, right, here’s what I will say. Usage ramped up fairly quickly in Asia-Pacific and like we say earlier, it’s definitely above pre-COVID levels in a lot of places, not everywhere but in a lot of places. The U.S. in particular just seemed to have stalled, all right. Usage hasn’t fallen back. It’s ramped up a little bit as time goes on. But it’s not seeing this kind of surge. I think we should just kind of hold tight for a little while and see what the levering out of the uncertainty does right now for the usage in the U.S., all right. Between the election results, between the good news about vaccines, between the potential that people see about stimulus in their project pipeline. I think we might start to see a change. So it will be interesting what we can talk about on the next earnings call. But I think the unwinding of uncertainty matters a lot in our markets.
Heather Bellini: Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities. Your line is now open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Andrew, starting with the nine-figure deal and returning to that subject, it’s especially interesting when we consider that once upon a time $100,000 deal was a big deal for Autodesk, so you are obviously now many orders of magnitude beyond that. But the question is, to the extent that there are now as we understand additional eight-figure deals in the pipeline. How are you thinking about your license management and customer success requirements and capacities that you need to invest in and ramp up to support what is obviously going to be a larger propensity for these kinds of deployments? And then returning to AU for a moment, you made some interesting remarks last week, having to do with some additional new possible opportunities for the company in manufacturing software, supply chain, even smart products you alluded to. Maybe talk about how seriously you mean to pursue those new things? And then for Scott, first, thank you for the last 25 quarters, and as you are going away question or a multi-part question, Andrew, earlier parsed the usage data by Geo. Could you do the same thing by perhaps standalone versus collections and perhaps even by vertical in terms of what you are seeing in the usage telemetry there?
Andrew Anagnost: Right. So it’s a classic Jay multipart question. All right. So, Jay, let me start with the license management piece. This is something we take particularly seriously and I am really glad you asked about it, because licensed management, the ability to manage these licenses is actually a value-add to our customers. They want to manage this investment in Autodesk assets as an enterprise asset, all right. And it’s super important in this space that we do this. One of the reasons we have been moving so quickly to retire legacy models in our user base is because that actually holds us back from delivering best-in-class license management for our customers. Every customer, every maintenance license that’s still out there, every multiuser license that’s still based on the old desktop paradigm versus what we want to do in the cloud paradigm is holding us back from deploying the systems in a way that help our customers manage these things holistically. The good news is that our EBA customers get a totally different dashboard on how they use our software and they are able to get more per user usage analytics and more data in terms of understanding their customer base. But this investment in the sheet of glass that our customers look through in terms of managing their relationship with Autodesk is something we have been doing ongoing for years and look for it to accelerate as we retire the last of these legacy business models and start unifying everything on a stack that really provides a high level of control to our customers and a high level of fidelity about what their actual usage is. We believe this is a value add of the portfolio and you will see us continue to invest in this. Now with manufacturing investments, I think, you want to just pay attention to what we are doing with Fusion and the areas we are targeting, because we think these are important areas that we want to pay attention to. We have integrated certain types of technology into Fusion. We want to augment and supplement and extend those so that Fusion is a professional grade solution surrounded by other professional grade solution that tackles significant growth markets inside the manufacturing vertical. Our first angle of attack was in the convergence of design and make and merging advanced manufacturing methods with advanced modeling methods. I think you are going to see us attack the convergence of mechanical engineering and electrical components inside designs. We have already started doing some of that things and we are going to do it in uniquely cloud way. We are going to do it with uniquely underpinnings of cloud compute and we are going to do it in highly differentiated ways, but also in ways that respect some of the tools our customers are using today.
Scott Herren: And Jay, I will jump in on the second part and I guess. Thank you for the congratulations on my 25th Autodesk earnings call. If I get this right, it’s your 125th Autodesk earnings call, a little bit of a difference there. History with the company. I would like to congratulate you as well. It’s interesting…
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you.
Scott Herren: … if you look at the rates, we are seeing less of a differential by vertical and more of a differential by country. So in other words, if country acts is seeing nice robust growth, we see that in both the AEC and in the manufacturing side. If it’s continuing to be somewhat flat and stable, we see that again by vertical. So it’s, I’d say the better differentiator in usage is more, how is the region performing, how is the country performing, then it is within that country is it AEC or manufacturing. The industry collections versus standalone, I will just reiterate what I said in the opening commentary that industry collections continues to be a stable share of our overall business. So we are not seeing a significant mix shift there. Early on, we had seen a mix shift of the new sales more toward LTE and we talked about last quarter that that reverted back to the mean where it had been historically. So we are not seeing a significant mix shift at this point either way. The last thing that I’d add, because I know the detail of your spreadsheets and you probably already got everything laid out here, but to give you a sense on our new business growth and in particular, our product subscription new business growth, from a unit standpoint, no question, we have been impacted by the pandemic, more so in new business unit than in other places. That new business grew sequentially from Q2 to Q3 and that’s our expectation those units will grow again from Q3 to Q4. So just to give you a sense of how things are performing.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Thanks very much both of you.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks, Jay.
Scott Herren: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brad Zelnick from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Brad Zelnick: Great. Thanks so much. So, congrats all around, guys, particularly for Scott. Best of everything especially in your next chapter. And the topic for both of you, I wanted to ask you about innovation. The sheer amount of innovation on display at Autodesk University this year was -- I guess, I’d just say overflowing. So, Andrew, for you, the easy question. What excites you the most? And my parting gift for you, Scott, maybe a little more complex. How should we think about the pace of innovation going forward, because you’ve always talked about high-single, low double-digit spend growth, but we are below 7% year-to-date. So should we think about spend growth accelerating meaningfully to the high end of your range to recapture the tremendous opportunity ahead? Thanks.
Andrew Anagnost: All right. So Brad, I love this question. Innovation is absolutely hyper critical to everything we do. We believe we are powering lot of transformation and a lot of dialog in the industry right now. We are delighted to see our competitors start to talk like we have been talking for years and I think that’s a sign of the kind of innovation we are putting into the market. Here’s what I will tell you I am really excited about. I am excited about the merger of SaaS, cloud compute and machine learning and this transformational power for our industry, right? This is what gets me up every morning right now in terms of what we are going to be able to deliver for our customers. When we get more and more of their processes in the cloud, when we are computing more and more with their data -- with ever-decreasing compute costs in the cloud and layering on machine learning, we are going to be able to provide our customers with insights and productivity enhancements that are simply beyond anything they have imagined right now. And it gets me extremely excited to be part of driving that change into the industry and what it means. Now, I can talk about the individual technologies that play into all that, there’s lots. But if you talk at a high level about what gets me excited, it’s that. And one thing I think is before -- as a segue to Scott answering his questions, I think, it’s important for you to know that next year we are probably the largest R&D spender in our segment, all right, and I just want you to think about that. After all the discussions we had going through the business model transformation, to all of a sudden be talking about a world where nobody, probably nobody is spending as much in this space on R&D as Autodesk is. I think that is a fundamental change and a lot of innovation comes from that much spend. Scott?
Scott Herren: I am not sure what to add to that, Andrew. I think you said it exactly right. We are at a fortunate position, Brad. And thanks for your kind words, by the way. But we are at a fortunate position in the model where we can both grow spending and increase margins year-on-year. And so if you look at the midpoint of the updated guide for this year, for fiscal 2021, it implies just short of an 8% growth in total spend. So the cost of goods sold plus OpEx. Looking ahead, on top of that, we have invested pretty significantly and grown our investment in R&D, headcount for R&D for sales capacity this year in some of the areas that Andrew just touched on earlier in Jay’s question about building out our internal systems and our internal infrastructure. So we have invested quite a bit in innovation already this year that will obviously carry on into next year and we have made a handful of not large but strategic acquisitions to continue to fuel that innovation. So we -- I think long-term targeting double-digit revenue growth is somewhat dependent on us continuing to invest on the R&D side of things and I feel really good about the position we are in to be able to both drive that investment and an increase margins out through fiscal ‘23.
Brad Zelnick: Okay. Thanks very much. Happy holidays and we look forward to hosting you next week.
Scott Herren: Thanks, Brad.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Keith Weiss: Excellent. Thank you guys for taking the question. Scott, would it be out of line to try to convince you to stay at Autodesk? I mean, it’s a lot more interesting than like a networking company.
Scott Herren: I am not. I think the first…
Andrew Anagnost: Scott, enough like hard work, Keith, keep him.
Keith Weiss: Exactly. He’s a good one. You should have tried harder to keep him. And so, thank you, guys, for taking the question. On the quarter, again, two things I want to just get a little more color on. One is kind of like the pace of recovery that you guys are seeing and expecting. It seemed like earlier this year you might have thought it was going to come a little faster, given what you are seeing in Asia-Pac, maybe that’s spreading out a little bit. But with the turn in like the current RPO for this quarter, it looks like you guys are really actually the whole business is turning a corner here. So one, can you give us kind of your latest thinking on the shape of the recovery and kind of what’s assumed as we look into FY ‘22? And then carrying on that total spend commentary, a lot of companies that we talk to saw expense savings this year due to COVID and lower T&E spending and just were able to garner efficiencies in their overall business, some of which they need to give back in the year ahead as we get into a more normalized environment. Is there a big component of that in the Autodesk business that we should be thinking about when we are modeling margins into FY ‘22?
Scott Herren: Yeah. So, Keith, I will start and Andrew, you can add color to it. In terms of what we are seeing, we are seeing recovery. Andrew alluded to it and gave some of the specific countries where we are seeing recovery already and where we are at a level of activity that’s above pre-COVID rates. I think someone earlier highlighted APAC. APAC has been quite strong for us from that standpoint. We are seeing Continental Europe recover nicely as well. The -- our expectations for Q4 is that we will continue to see a modestly improving economic environment and as we look out at next year, I think, we will continue to see improvement. I am not sure it’s going to be a straight line improvement or especially given the current wave, but we will continue to see improvement and I expect by the second half of the year that we will see some pretty good recovery and economic activity that clearly will benefit us. So think of next year as being a little more back-end loaded and I think that’s part of what you see with the early look that we have given you on what revenue growth looks like this year. Q4, again, midpoint of the guide has revenue growth at about 12% and op margin for Q4 will be about in line with the full year at about 29%. I think looking out at next year you will see both of those grow. Revenue growth will increase from there and op margin will increase from there. On the specific COVID spend savings, I think, we have had the same savings that everyone has had. Obviously T&E travel expense has been a big savings for us. But as we look at -- events have gone more virtual, I think, that will continue. We have had modest amount of savings from the operations of our facilities, our offices. As we look at next year, I don’t expect that to be a significant year-on-year headwind. Travel of course will return. But we are going to build the budget such that I don’t expect it to come back anywhere near to where it was in, let’s say, calendar 2019 or in our fiscal ‘20. I think if nothing else we have learned, you don’t have to be face-to-face with a customer to get that final agreement. You don’t have to be face-to-face internally to get things done the way we need to get them done internally. So I think we will continue to see ongoing savings in T&E. It will step up from this year certainly but it’s not going to be a significant headwind for us on spend.
Keith Weiss: Got it. Super helpful. Thanks, guys.
Scott Herren: Thanks, Keith.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Adam Borg from Stifel. Your line is now open.
Adam Borg: Hey, guys, and thanks for taking the question, and Scott, of course, congrats on the new role. Just on some announcements coming out of AU and talking a little more about Autodesk Build. You mentioned how you are leading with that going forward but you do have the big installed base on BIM 360 and PlanGrid. So I was just curious kind of what the migration path looks like for those assets to Autodesk Build? And maybe quickly as a follow-up on the Spacemaker acquisition, any commentary, Scott, on expectations for revenue growth? Thanks so much.
Andrew Anagnost: Yeah. All right. So let me start with the migration path. So for PlanGrid, for those customers that migrated from PlanGrid and ultimately migrated on Build. It’s actually not a heavy lift because of the way we built the application. PlanGrid’s huge innovation and huge value-add to the whole stack is a mobile experience. They are really good at it. So what we did is we basically used the PlanGrid experience and the PlanGrid team as the mobile experience for Build. So the move from PlanGrid to build is as a progression is not a heavy lift. Now you are right, we have a long tail of customers that are on BIM 360 Field, BIM 360 next-gen Field. Those customers over time are going to be migrating to Build at a pace that makes sense for them.  But what we have done is we have created an environment that allowed them to shift as projects sunset and they go onto new projects. We have got a whole master plan with our customers success organization and construction on how you they move over time. We are not going to force anybody to move ahead of their time, but we have got a well-crafted plan for how we move these people. It’s more of a heavy lift for people that are on BIM 360 Field, less of a heavy lift for people who are on BIM 360 next gen which is where Docs -- Autodesk Docs was built off of and it’s a much smaller lift for PlanGrid customers.
Scott Herren: And Adam to your question on Spacemaker, I am super excited by the technology, and I don’t know if you had a chance to see it demoed at AU, but if you didn’t I’d highly recommend it, you have got to take a look at it. This is a — it’s obviously a tremendously exciting technology and some super talented people that we picked up with the Spacemaker acquisition. Impact financially is going to be nominal. It will actually be slightly dilutive and that’s built into our expectations for next year. There’s another effect that I probably should have mentioned earlier and I want to make sure I get it out on the call, though. The one thing that will change next year and it’s a slight headwind to us in terms of revenue growth year-on-year, we have almost all of our products are already ratable, right? But there’s a couple of really small products, one, Vault, that we talked about in the past, that did not get over the hurdle to get away from upfront revenue recognition. We have continued to work on that product. We have continued to do things that incorporate much more cloud based functionality and I think in the first part of next year Vault will flip from upfront rev rec to full ratable rev rec and that looks like it’s about a point of growth. Again, already built into kind of the early view that I gave you of the low-double, low- to mid-teens revenue growth for next year but the impact of Vault is built into that, obviously, it normalizes in fiscal 2023 because once it bucks ratable, the compare points are equivalent. But that’s one if you are building your model on that level of detail, I think of that being a bit of a headwind that’s already built into the early view of ‘22.
Adam Borg: Yeah. Great.
Andrew Anagnost: I will make some…
Adam Borg: Thanks again guys.
Andrew Anagnost: I will make one more comment on Spacemaker just because I kind of forgot to segue to you on that. But Spacemaker represents that perfect convergence of SaaS, cloud compute and machine learning into solving real world problems for our customers. I think you are going to see the impact on our business accumulate over time as the technology expands and as it connects itself deeper with Revit and other parts of the process. One of the things I love about the Spacemaker team is they have this philosophy of making multiple constituents more successful with their objectives and that’s the building owner, the developer making their investment more profitable. That’s the city making sure the impact on infrastructure is managed and controlled. And they also have a big customer or big stakeholder in this, is the environment and helping architects and city planners make more sustainable decisions in real time for how things are built. It’s the perfect example of how all these things come together to change the way people make design decisions and ultimately build decisions. So look for its impact to expand over time as that team starts hooking into other parts of our process, builds out their existing products and inevitably starts moving into other parts of the organization, which we always see with acquisitions like this.
Scott Herren: Yeah. There’s absolutely a lot of synergies that we see with Spacemaker coming in.
Adam Borg: Great. Thanks again.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Koenig from SMBC Nikko. Your line is now open.
Steve Koenig: Hey. Terrific. Thanks for squeezing me in, guys. I appreciate it. And Scott, best of luck to you and thanks for all the hard work you have done for us over the years. Definitely appreciate it.
Scott Herren: Yeah. Thanks. Thank you.
Steve Koenig: Cool. So I will just ask one question. Andrew, had you had some pretty open, transparent communications with customers this last quarter in terms of the letter that was written? And just in terms of looking at what those customers were asking for? They were very clearly asking for accelerating the roadmap in architecture and engineering design, which doesn’t seem like we talked a lot about on the call today, hasn’t been a focus. And if I read between the lines in that communication, the customers also seemed a bit frustrated with the transitions they have been going through from maintenance to subscriptions to collections and now to named users. And it just seems like there’s a little bit of dissonance between what they are asking for and what I am hearing from you on the call today and I’d love to get your thoughts on how -- why is that there may be misperception gap and what are you guys doing about it? And thanks very much.
Andrew Anagnost: Steve, there’s absolutely no dissidents. All right. One of the things I think I said consistently in the communication and I will take you back in communication is, we started investing in the road map for Revit well ahead of these communications, all right, from these customers, because we made a deliberate choice to invest in construction and not in Revit functionality for architects. So are these customers are going to thoroughly quickly start to see changes and additions to Revit from the investment we made actually at the end of last year. And I think you are missing something, we just spent several $100 million on the architecture segment of our space, all right. Spacemaker is squarely targeted at design and architecture and the founders of Spacemaker are architects, all right.
Steve Koenig: Okay.
Andrew Anagnost: This technology is right on the edge, and like I said, we just spent a lot of money to do this and this is right in the act. It’s something we have been looking at for a while. So no there’s no dissonance here in terms of where we are focused and where we are. With regard to the migration, look, you have got to -- when we started this migration with two -- something under 2 million maintenance customers. Most of those have come along with us. We never expected that all of them were going to come along with us happily. And what we are done is we have reached the end of the tale with some maintenance customers that are more frustrated with the changes than not. But at the same time we have added millions of other customers that weren’t able to afford some of our solutions before, because of the upfront cost of these solutions. So, yeah, maintenance customers that have been with us have seen lots of transition. They are not done yet. We haven’t retired all those models yet. But remember we started with less than 2 million of those. We are over 5 million subscribers right now. A fraction of those are from that maintenance base. We have to remember, let’s look at the big picture here as well as the small picture. I understand and I empathize the frustration of those customers who started on maintenance and journeyed with us. But we have reached so many more customers, so many more architecture firms, so many individual architects, so many people that couldn’t afford Revit, so many people that couldn’t afford that extra seed of AutoCAD, so many high growth companies, that if they add seats, they are actually spending less over five years than they would have with us adding seats in the perpetual model. That’s a big story and it’s transformative to the industry in terms of how much value people are able to get now. So let’s make sure we stay focused on the big picture here.
Steve Koenig: Cool. Well, I appreciate your thoughts and thanks again for the open communication. Good luck to you, Scott.
Scott Herren: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: This is all the time we have for Q&A today. I would like to turn the call back over to Simon Smith for closing remarks.
Simon Mays-Smith: Thank you, Gigi, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We are looking forward to seeing many of you at conferences over the next few weeks. Please do reach out to us if you have any follow ups on anything from this call. This concludes our call today. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. Thanks for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q2  (2020-08-25 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Autodesk Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions].  I would now like to hand the conference to your speaker today, Abhey Lamba, VP, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Abhey Lamba: Thanks, operator. And good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our second quarter of fiscal year 2021. On the line is Andrew Anagnost, our CEO, and Scott Herren, our CFO.  Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. You can find the earnings press release, slide presentation and transcript of today's opening commentary on our Investor Relations website following this call.  During the course of this call, we may make forward-looking statements about our outlook, future results and related assumptions, and strategies. These statements reflect our best judgment based on currently known factors. Actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to our SEC filings for important risks and other factors including developments in the COVID pandemic and the resulting impact on our business and operations that may cause our actual results to differ from those in our forward-looking statements.  Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements.  During the call, we will quote a number of numeric or growth changes as we discuss our financial performance. And unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. All non-GAAP numbers referenced in today's call are reconciled in the press release or the slide presentation on our investor relations website.  And now, I would like to turn the call over to Andrew. 
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Abhey. To start, I hope everyone is safe and healthy as our world continues to be impacted by the COVID pandemic. Our priorities remain the safety and well-being of our employees, and the continued support of our customers, partners and communities.  Before I dive into the quarter, I thank all of our employees for their efforts and persistence during these challenging times. The resiliency of our business model and solid execution helped us deliver strong Q2 results with revenue, earnings and free cash flow above expectations, even as we continue to operate in uncertain times.  The secular trends that we have been investing in and preparing for, such as the adoption of cloud-based solutions, are accelerating and we are excited about our position in the market. While our competitors are just beginning to focus on similar trends, our investments from the last few years are already driving positive results.  With the business model changes we have made, we continue to deliver significant value and functionality in the cloud. Because of this, and a few other aspects I'll discuss, we will be stronger on the other side of this pandemic.  As indicated on the last call, we continue to closely monitor the usage patterns of our products across the globe, something we could not do historically. In China, Korea, and Japan, we are seeing usage above pre-COVID levels. In some areas of Europe, we continue to see a recovery as well. In the Americas, we experienced a slight uptick in usage for most key products in July.  We are also seeing a positive correlation between usage trends and new business performance, which gives us confidence that the green shoots we see in usage will translate to improved new business performance in subsequent quarters.  In all senses, work is changing, and our cloud collaboration products effectively connect project teams and workflows allowing businesses to thrive even when their employees and partners are working remotely.  Usage of BIM 360 Design, our cloud collaboration tool, has accelerated with the adoption by Revit users almost doubling in the past year. We also continued to gain momentum in manufacturing of Fusion 360. We had the best quarter ever for subscription net additions with more than 10,000 in the quarter. The value of the cloud is becoming more and more apparent and cloud-based solutions are becoming a necessity.  Our product subscription renewal rates improved steadily throughout Q2 as customers recognize the critical value our offerings bring to their businesses. Our new business was impacted by the current environment, but the strength of our pipeline entering the second half of the year, combined with execution in recovering countries, make us confident in our full-year targets.  Now, I'd like to turn it over to Scott to take you through details of our quarterly performance and guidance for the year before I come back to provide insights into our strategic growth drivers. 
Scott Herren: Thanks, Andrew. As you just heard, despite facing the economic headwinds from COVID, we had strong performance across all key metrics in the quarter.  Total revenue growth in the quarter came in at 15% as reported, 16% at constant currency, with subscription plan revenue growing by 27% and operating margin expanding by 5 percentage points.  Despite offering extended payment terms through the quarter, we delivered healthy free cash flow of $64 million. Current RPO, which reflects committed revenue for the next 12 months, is up 15% and total RPO is up 19%.  Our ongoing investments in digital sales are yielding results as we saw strong double-digit billings growth through the online channel during the quarter. Our online sales are helping attract new customers to the Autodesk family, as nearly three out of four new customers in the quarter came in through e-commerce.  Our run rate business came in strong during the quarter, while the pace of closing larger transactions slowed modestly.  In Q2, our net revenue retention rate was within the 100% to 110% range we laid out in our previous guidance. As Andrew mentioned, we saw resilient renewal rates in the quarter.  Digging deeper into our renewal rates, our product subscription renewal rates improved on a sequential basis, which is a strong endorsement of the strategic nature of our products and stickiness of our customer base in this new business model. We experienced a decline in maintenance renewal rates, as expected, since we announced the end of life of our maintenance offerings.  With our transition to a subscription business model behind us, maintenance is only about 5% of our revenue. Similar to last quarter, more than 40% of the maintenance customers who came up for renewal converted to subscriptions.  Our M2S revenue, combined with our maintenance revenue this quarter at $229 million, is close to 80% of our peak quarterly maintenance revenue in Q1 fiscal 2016. This speaks to the great success we have had with the program.  In Q2, we also saw industry collections grow sequentially as a share of total new business. While multi-year payments are down year-over-year, toward the end of the second quarter, we saw a slight uptick in multi-year payments as customers continue to make long-term commitments to our products. APAC led the way in share of multi-year deals, consistent with the region's relatively strong performance in new business.  As we anticipated, our second quarter new business activity was more impacted than in Q1, with new business declining in the range of mid-teens percent. In line with our commentary on the last call, we think the second quarter will be the most impacted by the pandemic.  Our business is recovering in the markets that were impacted by the pandemic earlier on. However, some of our major markets like the US and UK have stabilized, but are yet to show meaningful improvement. As such, we continue with a wider-than-normal revenue range for the remainder of the year, while raising the midpoint of our guidance.  Our updated guidance implies continued improvement in all of our end markets over the next two quarters and we expect the pace of closing larger transactions to improve.  In addition to the impact of large deal activity, the range of our forecast factors in varying degrees of demand environment in the Americas, which includes our largest end market. At the upper end of our guidance range, we are modeling meaningful recovery in the region in the third quarter, with continued improvement in the fourth quarter. At the low end of the range, we anticipate a slower recovery in the third quarter and improvement in Q4.  We are very pleased with the performance of our product subscription renewal rates in the second quarter and expect them to continue improving for the rest of the year.  For the remaining maintenance base, we expect churn to further increase, but recall that we are in the final stages of ending our maintenance offering and the number of seats is small versus our total installed base. We expect our net revenue retention rate to remain between 100% and 110% for the rest of the year.  Our full-year operating margin should expand by approximately 3 percentage points to 4.5 percentage points as we keep exercising our strong discipline around spend management, while continuing to invest in strategic priorities.  Despite improving multi-year trends we experienced at the end of the quarter, we are taking a cautious view of their continued uptake in the second half of the year, which is impacting the upper end of our billings forecast range for the year.  Our billings adjustment does not affect our free cash flow estimate of $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion for fiscal 2021 as we expect strong cash collections to continue.  Finally, we are confident in our fiscal 2023 free cash flow target of $2.4 billion.  And now, I'd like to turn it back to Andrew. 
Andrew Anagnost : Thank you, Scott. I am proud of the team for what we accomplished in Q2. With the investments we have made over the last few years and our move to make everyone a named user, we are in the final stages of becoming a true SaaS provider and delivering a significant amount of capabilities in the cloud.  We can now deliver enhanced value to our users and administrators. And our named user model enables our customers to operate efficiently in a remote work environment.  Our transition to named users is off to a promising start, with some customers choosing to adopt it ahead of the launch earlier this month. Khatib & Alami, one of the largest construction and engineering consulting firms in the Middle East, saw the value in its ability to accelerate work from home and reached out to transition early.  The transition to the named user model is not the only thing ensuring their business continuity while working from home. During the quarter, they increased their seats of BIM 360 Design, breaking silos and enabling their building and infrastructure teams to collaborate on Revit and Civil 3D models from different locations.  During the quarter, we also launched our premium subscription plan, which would not have been possible without converting everyone to named users. We can now offer added security with single sign-on capabilities, ease of administration, and advanced product usage information for administrators.  One of the first to make the investment in the premium plan was one of our long-time customers, Calibre Diona, a leading provider of professional infrastructure and built-environment solutions headquartered in Australia.  The most compelling features for them are the single sign-on capability and the license usage visibility. Calibre Diona has been partnering with Autodesk for 20 years, and our products have enabled them to continue innovating to deliver valuable design and engineering solutions to their customers as both CAD technology and engineering practices have evolved from the drawing board to AutoCAD and now to BIM.  This next phase of our journey will enable us to offer even greater value to our customers as a true cloud technology provider.  Now, let me update you on our three key growth initiatives – accelerating digitization in AEC, convergence of design and make in manufacturing, and monetization of non-compliant and legacy users.  Our AEC business has continued to be resilient. Our products enable more efficient communication and increased oversight as the industry works through additional steps in their processes, such as new shift paradigms and optimized site layouts. We continue to make investments in construction where we expect technology adoption to keep growing, especially as we exit the pandemic.  We recently announced three notable investments. First, we acquired Pype, which closed this month, and will add significant value for Autodesk Construction Cloud users, allowing general contractors, subcontractors and owners to automate workflows such as submittals and project closeouts to increase overall productivity and reduce risk throughout the project lifecycle.  Second, we also made a strategic investment in Bridgit. Bridgit offers workforce optimization solutions for contractors.  Third, we expanded our existing relationship with Factory_OS. Factory_OS is helping us improve our products to support the convergence of construction and manufacturing, thereby advancing prefabrication, off site, and modular construction practices.  We continue to enhance our project and cost management capabilities by improving connected workflows and cost tracking functionality. As you may recall, a large number of construction sites had shut down when we started the quarter. Sales of our construction solutions targeted at field activities started out slowly, but improved during the quarter as construction sites began to reopen.  During the quarter, Saunders Construction, a top ENR 400 provider of comprehensive construction management and general contracting services, signed a three-year renewal expansion with us, citing their previous success with our products and the ongoing value we deliver in terms of productivity gains across the project lifecycle.  Saunders has been successfully using Revit in coordination with BIM 360 Field and Glue, and Navisworks for field execution, and BIM coordination for years. This enabled Saunders to centralize their document management, connect their office and field teams, build out their quality and safety programs, minimize rework, and enable company enterprise reporting. With this agreement, they're now positioned to continue growing their deployment of our construction cloud with our dedicated support and we're excited to expand our partnership with them.  Our BIM 360 Design solutions continued to perform strongly throughout the quarter as architects and contractors adjusted to the remote work environment and found immense value in its cloud-based collaboration capabilities.  KPF, one of the largest architecture firms in New York City, with offices and projects all over the world, is also investing in BIM 360 solutions. James Brogan, Principal at KPF, said, "At KPF, collaborating effectively with global clients and design teams is critical to our success. As such, our partnership with Autodesk and the use of BIM 360 in conjunction with Revit, in particular, have become fundamental to our business, enabling us to efficiently manage design data across global teams and deliver world-class outcomes for our clients." We continue to make progress and provide more value to customers in the infrastructure space. During the quarter, one of the largest infrastructure design firms in the US renewed and expanded their enterprise business agreement, or EBA, with Autodesk. This customer is leveraging the EBA token offering to digitize the company and move traditional file-based workflows to data-driven design, leveraging the cloud and displacing competition.  With the ever-growing need to work remotely, and in large project teams with multiple stakeholders, this customer is investing in Autodesk BIM 360 as the common data platform for managing project information, collaboration, and model coordination.  This design customer also added PlanGrid to manage RFIs and submittals in the field, as well as Assemble for conditioning models for estimating and quantity takeoffs.  As I mentioned earlier, Fusion is continuing to accelerate within our manufacturing portfolio and gaining traction with generative design.  This quarter, Firefly Aerospace, a rocket and spacecraft company based in Austin, TX, committed to Autodesk over multiple competitors as their partner of choice for design, analysis, and manufacturing software because of efficiency gains realized in their design-to-make workflows and lightweighting opportunities provided by generative design.  Their first launch vehicle has been designed and built using the entirety of Autodesk's Design and Make solutions and the team at Firefly is already thinking about how generative design can be used to optimize their designs further.  In a market where reduction in weight directly correlates to a reduction in cost, generative design can not only firmly establish Firefly as a thought leader in their space, but also as the most economical launch platform on the market. Leveraging these advanced tools from Autodesk will enable them to stay one step ahead of the competition.  Today, we announced that our existing advanced manufacturing technologies PowerMill, PowerShape, and PowerInspect will become part of the Fusion 360 platform. This complements our existing offering of Fusion 360 with FeatureCAM for production machining applications and also allows us to bring new advanced capabilities to our core Fusion 360 cloud-based software.  This is a natural progression as we see high interest from customers to use next-generation design and manufacturing workflows in Fusion 360 alongside our advanced manufacturing tools.  It is also a key step toward our long-standing vision of seamless collaboration between designers and engineers, uniting design and manufacturing under the power of a single cloud platform.  In Q2, we also signed a deal with Nobel Biocare, which included subscriptions to PowerMill, PowerShape, and Fusion 360 with FeatureCAM. Headquartered in Switzerland, Nobel Biocare manufactures dental implants and CAD/CAM-based individualized prosthetics, and they receive orders for custom, single and multiple-unit implant restorations from all over the world.  The custom restoration is manufactured from start to finish using Autodesk software and using our technology. Nobel Biocare has created a fully automated process that allows them to produce completely unique dental restorations, meeting the individual needs of their dental patients.  We are the preferred vendor for building product manufacturers who need to design within the context of the building information model. During the quarter, we signed a new enterprise business agreement with one of the largest manufacturers of exterior building products in North America.  Even amid an uncertain business climate, the US-based manufacturer is strategically investing and partnering with Autodesk to support their focus on innovation and industrialized construction. They are looking to Autodesk solutions, such as BIM 360, Revit and Inventor, to help them maximize efficiencies by digitally transforming and improving processes across the entire construction ecosystem.  We also displaced a local competitor at a building product manufacturer in France due to our deep connection to BIM. The convergence of design and make in manufacturing is happening and our deep connection to BIM will enable us to win.  Moving on to updates on our digital transformation and progress monetizing non-compliant users. We are confident in our ability to convert the long-term opportunity. However, in the short term, we continue to be mindful of the current environment and importance of working with non-compliant users in respectful and reasonable ways.  In Q2, we closed three deals of more than $1 million each in the APAC region where business activity has returned to pre-COVID levels. Also during the quarter, we closed a deal with a design-build architecture firm in China, against a local, lower-cost competitor.  A few quarters ago, the customer decided to make the switch away from AutoCAD solely based on cost savings, but their engineers continued to use our software due to the necessary functionality. We were able to convert them back to paying users based on the value our solutions provide.  In closing, we are building a stronger Autodesk for the long term. We have a head start over our competition in critical capabilities like cloud computing and cloud-based collaboration and we will continue to invest in our strategic initiatives.  There are multiple drivers that make us confident in our fiscal 2023 targets and beyond. First, digitization in AEC is going to accelerate in the coming years as companies seek to not only make current processes more resilient and efficient, but to support new industrial paradigms for construction.  Second, the evolution of manufacturing to a more distributed network and cloud-based workflow is also going to accelerate significantly over the next few years and we have the industry's leading multi-tenant cloud-based solution to address the emerging customer needs that will shape demand.  And third, our business model is more robust, adaptable and resilient than in the entire history of the company. This will allow us to not only invest in the future, but to do so with an eye to both revenue and margin growth.  With that, operator, we'd now like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Saket Kalia with Barclays.
Saket Kalia: Hey, Scott, maybe for you. Can you just talk about what you're seeing on customer preferences for different duration contracts? You touched on this a little bit in prepared remarks, but can you just talk about what you saw in terms of contract duration this quarter and how you're planning for that the rest of the year as we think about that change to the top end of the billings guide? 
Scott Herren: You're spot on. And we said coming into the quarter, when we gave the previous guide, that we felt Q2 would be the toughest quarter of the year. And in particular, we thought we would see an impact on multi-year, and we've seen that at the very end of Q1. And we did see that. We saw an impact, although it didn't – the rate of customers buying multi-year didn't fall through the floor by any stretch, but it came down earlier in the quarter. And then, as the quarter went on, we saw it modestly improving each month throughout the quarter. So, the multi-year did take a hit and then improved throughout the quarter.  But with that said, remember, when we rolled out that guidance and we described it, I think, in quite a bit of detail what would take us to the high end of the range versus the low end. And at the high end of the guidance ranges, we had assumed a swift recovery in the second half of the year. And that's exactly what we're seeing in some markets, but not in all of our markets. So, the adjustment in the billings guide is really driven by our expectation of less multi-year sales and a slightly slower recovery in the US and UK, as we talked about on the opening commentary. 
Saket Kalia: Maybe for you, Andrew, for my follow up. A little bit sort of disconnected from the results a little bit. But you posted an interesting blog a couple weeks ago about Autodesk in the AEC industry. And I guess I just want to zero in on one part of it, which was the idea that architectural customers – you spent a lot of time, by the way, in your prepared remarks – may actually be paying less under the subscription model versus the old perpetual maintenance model. And so, I was just wondering if you could expand on that a little bit. And maybe address whether Autodesk is actually potentially leaving money on the table in the AEC industry. 
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks for proving to me why this audience won't be as empathetic to some of those concerns that were expressed as other audiences. So, first off, let me just acknowledge something about the communications with the AEC industry, and the architects in particular.  One, they have legitimate concerns about the functionality in Revit. And we take those incredibly seriously. And the fact is, is that from an architectural standpoint, Revit hasn't gotten a lot of incremental investment, a lot of the AEC investments have gone to construction, it's gone to revenue enhancements targeting the engineering component, the workflow – structural workflows, in particular. So, there's some real legitimate concerns there.  The other concern they have is the move from multiuser to named users. These are large multi-user clients and they've seen multi-user prices drift up. They really want a pay per use model. We want them to have a pay per use model, which they would prefer to a cloud licensing. So, those are some things I just want to make sure that we acknowledge. And we're all on the same page with. But that said, like you said, and it was important that I make this clear, these customers come from a highly privileged, roughly 20% of our subscription base that moved from maintenance to subscription and have really pretty deep price protections, okay, relative to the rest of the base.  And if you look at their expenditures over a five-year period, frankly, even over – moving out another five years, as they add seats, they are actually paying less to Autodesk than they would have under the old perpetual model. And that was a deliberate part of the transition, even as multiuser prices go up in everything. If you add up what they would have paid for us for adding users over time, they actually end up paying less over a five-year period and, frankly, as they add users over a 10-year period.  We're not concerned about that. We went out very early on that we were going to take care of these maintenance customers that were out in front of us. We did that. Lots of debates with all of you about the maintenance subscription program and 10-year price lock. It wasn't exactly something that all of you were behind. Alright? But we think it was right. And yes, it has resulted in this.  So, we're never going to be on the same page with this audience about that particular part of the equation. But remember, this is a shrinking bit of our subscription base, the protected 20% now. There'll be less than that later. But, over time, they pay less than they used to in the old perpetual model. It's true. But we're not worried about that. There's no concern there. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Question number one, Andrew, is about the intersection of what you've called three inevitabilities or eventualities in your business. Number one, collections in the cloud. Two, a consumption model. And then, three, an underlying rearchitecting of your platform. The product information model or whatever you're going to be calling it now, you are doing that underlying rearchitecting work.  And so, in terms of connecting all of those things, how feasible or desirable might it be for you to re-segment the portfolio, not to go back to where you were pre-transition in terms of having dozens of SKUs and so forth, but perhaps you would have the opportunity to have some additional number of flavors, either standalone or perhaps new collections, configurations that you would be able to feasibly bring to market based on the new architecture, named user and so forth.  So, the follow-up question. At the analyst meeting two months ago, you talked about your customer breakdown as consisting of named account, mid markets, strategic territory and plain vanilla territory. The question there is, could you talk about the performance in each of those four segments and how you're thinking about those for the remainder of the year and whether you're doing anything in terms of sales capacity and/or back-end margins? Thanks. 
Andrew Anagnost: So, I'm going to take the first part of that, and I'm going to hand the second part of that to Scott. Right?  So, Jay, you asked a very complicated, sophisticated question there. But let me kind of summarize it this way, right. The model that we're going to is a greater segmentation in some respects, but I want to keep pointing you back to the way Fusion is being architected and constructed. All right? Fusion has a subscription entry price. There's a set of functionality that people use frequently and that they're using to do a lot of their day to day work, but then there's a series of modules that they can reach out to and access on a need-based method. Okay? And you just noticed we added more of those recently to Fusion, from technology that was previously in the Delcam portfolio. This model of having a, for the lack of a better word, a vertical platform that's, for instance, in manufacturing, it's built on the product information model in the cloud; in AEC, it's going to be built on a building information model in the cloud; in media, it might be built on a media information model in the cloud and things associated with that.  They will be able to pull the functionality they need as they need it. They'll pay a baseline subscription, and they'll pay per use for various things as they need them and as they need some of this advanced capability.  So, if you think about it, is that a segmentation of our portfolio and an increase of SKUs? Maybe in some respects, but what it's designed to do is ensure that occasionally used functionalities of high value, they can get when they need it without having to get it all at once. That's the notion of collections in the cloud. It's collection in the cloud that they can use on an as-needed basis.  So, when you look at what we're doing with Fusion, that really directionally captures where the model is going for all of our customers, ultimately. And it's all connected. You're right. Named user, necessary to do that because you have to name the user, so that you can track their usage and their needs and provide something to them specifically. That doesn't mean the named user can't be a large pool of named users that come in occasionally, which is something that people want in terms of consumption and pay per use, but it's also connected right back again to the underlying architecture of the products. And that's the future we're going to.  Scott, off to you. 
Scott Herren : Jay, let me let me take your question from the bottom up. If we start with territory – strategic territory, which tends to be our smaller accounts. It was actually quite strong. And we touched on this kind of qualitatively in the opening commentary. We saw good strength in that small customer set. And more so if you – instead of slicing it by customer size, slice it by geo, you can see the result. APAC was quite strong where we've seen the pandemic at first. They went through what they went through. As those markets reopened, we called out China, Korea and Japan as actually being above pre-COVID levels. So, seeing good strength in the smaller accounts and seeing good strength in APAC and then subsequently in continental Europe. As you work your way up to mid-market and name, name, it doesn't have a big Q2. That's where most of our EBAs sit. That's where all of our EBAs sit is in the name user – or I'm sorry, in the named account category. And that seems to be heavier in the second half of the year. So, we've actually got a very full pipeline of large transactions, large accounts, EBA renewals that are coming up. And those EBAs have close to 100% renewal rate. So, named did fine during the quarter, but Q2 is not a big quarter for named accounts.  And mid-market was a little bit more tepid. And what I'd say there is, we had a lot of multi-user usage within the mid-market. And you've seen what we've done with the transition to named, moving away from multi-user and over to named. We didn't actually have that offer, that two for one offer active until the beginning of Q3. So, there's little bit of a pause in the mid-market as many of those mid-market accounts, by the way, doing what all of us are doing, kind of assessing their business and understanding their needs, but also had the impact of wanting to get to the transition to named program that we launched at the beginning of Q3. That's the right way to think about it by customer size.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital Markets. 
Matthew Hedberg: Congrats on the results and really good to hear the strength in the renewal business. I guess, for either of you, maybe Scott, outside of the trends in multi-year that you alluded to in your answer to Saket's question earlier, I'm wondering if you could talk in a little bit more detail about how new business trends have progressed through the quarter? And maybe how August has trended versus last year? I know Andrew mentioned strengthened pipeline. Just wondering on that new business side, what gives you confidence there?
Scott Herren: I'll start on that, Andrew, and let you jump in and add some more color. What we saw in the new businesses is really in line with what our expectations were in those markets that have opened up.  So, slice it first by geo, Matt. When you look at it by geo, APAC new business rates were the highest. Continental Europe, think about the way that the pandemic struck Continental Europe. Next, and the US and the UK, by the way, outside of Continental Europe, both feeling like they've stabilized. There's no further declines. And we see modest bump up, modest bump down. I'd say they're more stable than they are coming back out of it yet in those two markets.  So, new business has kind of followed those trends. Andrew talked about their usage rates and we've been monitoring those usage rates around the world. And what we see is, as the usage rates come back, as the markets reopen, we see the new business come back at the same time. So, that's probably the right overall characterization for it.  Andrew, anything you'd add to that? 
Andrew Anagnost: The correlation between usage rates and then ultimate new business, it's proving out to be fairly tight. So, we expect to see that continue. We saw it in APAC. We watched go up. We're seeing it in Europe. Like we said earlier, we're seeing stability in the US and the UK. And we expect that, as that moves from stability to rising, we're going to see the same kind of uptick in new business. The two seem to be correlating quite well. 
Matthew Hedberg: And then, AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT, I think they grew 18% in the quarter. Wonder if you can talk a bit more granularity about AutoCAD LT. I know that has actually been fairly strong for you thus far. And I know, historically, had been weaker in times of stress. Just Wondering how LT is holding up relatively in this market. 
Andrew Anagnost: We used to talk about that as the canary in the coal mine for market dislocation at the low end. But subscription changes everything. The subscription price point for LT is a very attractive price point. And most of the customers that are buying it are very small businesses, small or very small, medium businesses. And it does what they need. So, they continue to buy in the space. People buy AutoCAD for the 3D and the APIs and the things that go associated with that. But the price point of LT has actually proven to be very attractive and very resilient during this time. And it's just one of the fundamental changes in the subscription model. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Brad Zelnick with Credit Suisse. 
Brad Zelnick: Andrew, I wanted to dig into manufacturing a bit more. The segment only grew 6% this quarter despite all of the good things happening with the convergence of design and make. Is there anything in particular that you'd call out as having a more pronounced impact in manufacturing? 
Andrew Anagnost: Actually, we're growing faster than our biggest competitor in the space. So, I just want to make sure we get that in. Look, the space is doing well. Remember, we continued to grow strong last year. So, we had good strong growth coming into last year and next year. So, we're comparing 6% to a good year last year, not 6% to a bad year last year or something like that. So, we're actually happy with the performance we're seeing right now. And I think that's an important metric for us, especially what you see going on with regards to Fusion and the net adds around Fusion. So, we view this as a solid result, and it's only going to continue to get better. So, I think we're in a good position right now. Especially when you look at what we're comparing to from last year. 
Brad Zelnick: That's fair. And maybe just in follow-up, can you talk about the strong performance of ecommerce channel? Are you seeing changes in the types of products customers are purchasing through this channel? And does this in any way change how you're thinking about the direct business longer term? 
Andrew Anagnost: It doesn't fundamentally change our strategy. We're still trying to get that that digital direct online business up to 25% of our total business. So, our strategy hasn't fundamentally changed. The product mix does change a little bit. All right? They are buying additional products on this channel. But fundamentally, our strategy hasn't changed. But it has, obviously, held up incredibly well during this and customers have continued to buy. But the strategy, the fundamental strategy of where we're going and what we're trying to do, we want everything we sell available on the channel. And our goal is still to get it up to 25%. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Winslow with Wells Fargo.
Philip Winslow: Congrats on another strong quarter. I just want to focus in on AEC again. Obviously, you mentioned some of the slow starts or positive in projects at the beginning of the quarter. But if I look at your comments, you talked about competitive wins in project management in your 360. design uptake. Wondering if you could talk about just the puts and takes that you're seeing in the AEC vertical and how are you thinking about those as we go into the second half? Thanks.
Andrew Anagnost: The total business grew fairly well. All right? And I think we just want to make sure that we zero in on the things that are soft and the things that aren't. Let's talk specifically about construction. As I said in the opening commentary, the field area is where we see the softness. And right now, it's stabilizing and we expect to see field usage going up. And that's to be expected, given everything that happened with construction sites. But where we're seeing strength, and this is an important precursor to future business, right, because it's upfront in the process, is BIM 360 design and doc, which are part of the pipeline of loading the project flow. So, BIM 360 design, doc in particular, has seen robust growth during this entire period in the construction segment. Obviously, Revit continues to do well in this segment in terms of BIM in general doing well.  So, I want to make sure that we pay attention to – the softness is really in the places where the hammers are hitting the wood or hitting the metal, depending on what you're building or the concrete is being poured. And it's not in the upfront part of the project and the project management, which is great for us, because we're bringing more people into the pipeline. And if all we were doing was being narrowly focused on the execution part, we would certainly be in deeper problems than we are right now in the field execution side. We have a broad portfolio that goes all the way from design through to pre-construction planning, and that part is continuing to see robust action. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Koji Ikeda with Oppenheimer.
Koji Ikeda: Great quarter. Had a question on the Pype acquisition. Congrats on that acquisition. We've actually heard really great things about Pype technology out in the field. And my question is about the technology and the workflows that it will enhance in the construction cloud, really balancing against any potential overlap with other products within the construction cloud. So, I guess, from a high level, what are the key construction workflow enhancements coming from the Pype acquisition? And are there any technology overlaps with existing products? Thank you. 
Andrew Anagnost: Obviously, Pype's in the project management area. And one of the key things it adds is a machine learning layer to the whole process of setting up and managing changes and requests and work orders in the process. Okay? So, what it's doing is it's shortening the time to work these close outs and these project activities upfront in the process. So, it's giving us technology that provides for faster turnaround, better project management, lower risk and better outcomes. That's really what it's doing.  We certainly have some of these capabilities inside the core portfolio, but nothing as deep as what Pype has. Pype went a lot more deeply into the workflow and covers a lot more use cases than we do. And as you know, we were partnered with them throughout the process and we have lots of accounts where we were in there, Pype was in there and we worked really very closely with them to make sure that we were complementing our RFI workflows and not duplicating them. So, their whole process takes the RFI and similar workflow to a whole new level. And it's a pretty powerful combination for us.  And like you said, our customers were pretty bullish on the technology as well, which is one of the reasons why we were bullish. 
Koji Ikeda: And just maybe one follow-up on the big deals in Asia. Congrats again on the three big license compliance deals of over a million. Great news there. I guess, could you tell us maybe what the average contract duration was for those deals? And could you remind us, how does that deal type volume compare to prior periods, the three license deals? And I guess, really, from a big picture perspective, how many of these 1 million plus license compliance deals are out there in the world today? Thanks again for taking my questions. 
Scott Herren: The reason for calling out those deals is not that they were particularly notable in terms of duration, et cetera. It's more to give you a sense of – we've talked about – out of deference to our customers and the position that many are put in in this economic environment, continuing to work the back end and drive the demand for our license compliance business, but to go a little bit more slowly at a time when markets are and our customers are under particular levels of stress.  As we've seen those markets open back up, the reason to call out those is not only are they large, but they're also in markets that have recovered and that we are seeing come back. And as they do, we're getting right back on the – ensuring that we can monetize those non-compliant users. So, that was the purpose of calling them out, much more so than saying they were particularly lengthy in duration.
Operator: Our next question comes from Adam Borg with Stifel.
Adam Borg: I just had two quick ones. I guess first, just building off Matt's question earlier around AutoCAD LT, obviously, you mentioned the strength in AutoCAD LT given the price points. I just wanted to drill in. Are you seeing any customers optimize purchases? You talked about that last quarter. So, any trade-downs from either AutoCAD or industry collections? Any commentary there would be great.  And just as a quick follow-up, just want to talk about partial renewal rates. I know you've talked about renewal rates being in line with expectations, but just any commentary around the partial renewal activity would be great. 
Andrew Anagnost: I'll take the AutoCAD question And I'll hand the renewal rate question over to Scott. So, actually, we're not seeing that kind of behavior. What we're seeing is growth in all of these segments independent of each other. So, we're seeing customers sticking with collection. We're seeing customers buying AutoCAD for the first time. We're seeing customers buying LT for the first time. We're not seeing a lot of cross flow between the two. But remember, as time goes on, AutoCAD does get squeezed between collections and LT over the long period. And we expect that. That's something that we plan for, that we expect, we model. At some point, the AutoCAD as it is today gets squeezed between those two types of offerings. But right now, we're not seeing trade-up or trade-down. We're seeing people staying within the offerings they have, buying more of the offering they have and adding up in that respect.  So, Scott, to the partial renewals.
Scott Herren: Just to put a finer point on what you just said, Andrew, if you look at our product mix in terms of the percent of sales that are LT versus AutoCAD versus collections and other, it's kind of reverted to its historical mean. So, we're not seeing a big shift between in product mix.  To your question on partial renewals, we continue to obviously to monitor that closely because it's a good indicator of how are the – what's the employment health of our customers, right? So, a partial renewal is, I had 10 subscriptions, they all came due at the same point. But instead of renewing 10, I only renewed 9 or I renewed 8, right? And it gives us a sense of changes in their headcount.  There's always a certain amount of that that happens in any given quarter. And what we talked about last quarter is we've monitored the rate of those as they come up, what percent of them are doing a partial renewal, and it really hadn't moved last quarter. And it's really materially the same again this quarter. So, we're not seeing a big change either up or down. I wouldn't expect it to go down from the base rate, but we're not seeing it increase from that base rate. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Hamza Fodderwala: This is Hamza Fodderwala in for Keith Weiss. Andrew, I was hoping if you could give like an updated breakdown of the business between infrastructure, commercial, industrial construction. You talked a lot about industrial. Clearly, the macro seems to be rebounding. But we're still hearing a lot of uncertainty around the commercial segment. I think in the past, people have thought that Autodesk is quite tied to the commercial side. But, clearly, there's good growth in the other segments. So, I was wondering if you could give any view on your exposure through those three verticals and how you're seeing the macro in each of those? 
Andrew Anagnost: We're not seeing any slowdown in our AEC business due to commercial dislocations that might be going on in various places right now. So, we talked about that a lot. Because there was this assumption that somehow commercial, especially commercial office buildings in urban areas are like a big part of our business. They're not, all right? And we're still kind of seeing strength in the AEC business outside of that. But I want to make sure we understand what's really happening in commercial right now. All right?  Big urban projects are probably – either probably going to slow down or not be as frequent. However, what is happening in urban locations, there's still going to be a lot of reconfiguring work in commercial space. But also one of the things that that we're going to be seeing, and you can see this in some of some of the political discussions as well as some of the business discussions we're having, is that you're going to see more and more of these commercial type operations moving away from the urban centers to suburban centers and along transportation corridors, which we see not only as driving additional building activity, but additional infrastructure improvements as well. And these conversations are already ongoing in all sorts of legislatures and all sorts of places about building out along transportation corridors. It's certainly a big topic of conversation in California, and we expect to see more of that. So, no, we are not seeing softness in our business, and we don't see any future softness in our business as a result of what's happening with commercial activities right now. 
Hamza Fodderwala: Scott, just a follow-up question for you. Obviously, stronger than expected Q2. Andrew spoke to an improving pipeline in the back half. Just wondering the reason for the high end of the revenue guide declining a bit versus last quarter. Was that – the explanation there similar to what you mentioned for billings earlier? I'm not sure I fully understood. 
Scott Herren: No, it's slightly different, although it's got the same root cause. So, I'd start by saying, I'm really pleased with our results and proud of our execution in the second quarter. In an incredibly uncertain environment, to be able to produce the results that we just put up is something that I think we all take a lot of pride in. And as a result of that, as you saw, we raised the midpoint of our full-year revenue guide by $15 million. So, that's kind of the high level view.  When you look at how we did that, we've pulled up the low end and slightly reduced the high end of that guidance range. I think your question is just about the slight reduction on the high end as we narrowed the range from what had been $100 million range. With only six months left, we narrowed it down to $60 million.  We're seeing good trends in the markets that have moved into reopening. We talked about China, Korea and Japan. Product subs renewal rates are trending in the right direction. We mentioned the pipeline. The pipeline is very strong. There's still a fair amount of uncertainty, particularly in the US and in the UK. And so, as we weigh all that together, it's the combination of those factors that give us the confidence to raise our overall revenue guide by $15 million at the midpoint. But we had said the high end of that guidance range – and this is the point I talked about earlier, Hamza. At the high end of our guidance range, previously, we were expecting a swift recovery. And while we've seen that in some markets, we haven't seen that in all markets. And so, that's why narrowing just slightly from the high end of the revenue range made sense. 
Operator: And our next question comes from Joe Vruwink with Baird. 
Joe Vruwink: My question is on the product roadmap. Andrew, I thought the blog post you had recently was interesting because it kind of shows this mindfulness of striking a balance, investing in certain functionality and anything that maybe gets a pass in a given year you circle back to, which I think was the case with Revit architecture.  I guess my question is more on the go forward. There's going to be this interplay now, not that it's new, but it's going to increase where you have your core Revit, Inventor users that are increasingly tapping into cloud functionality, and it's only going to go up now. Do you have to be mindful about certain things with this audience shifting to the cloud where maybe you shift your investment priorities or different things in the product portfolio receive greater investment? Any meaningful changes you foresee because of this kind of newer, structurally higher dynamic that's in place? 
Andrew Anagnost: Shift is not correct – not necessarily the right word. What it really will be is where we put new dollars. So, for instance, at the beginning of this year, this whole concern around architecture and architects, this is something we saw coming because this has been a five plus year kind of tension around – with the architects. So, we actually increased investment in AutoCAD Architecture at the beginning of this year. So, we actually used incremental R&D dollars to increase investment in that space.  What it will mean moving forward is how we deliberately choose where we add incremental investment, and we've been very rich and forthright with the construction space in terms of incremental investment. We're not going to shift money away from that. But as we add incremental investment into next year and year after that, we'll probably add more incremental investment into other places over time.  So, rather than thinking about it as a shift, Joe, I think of it as, as we continue to add incremental investment, which we're in the enviable position to be able to do, we're spending more in R&D than we ever had in our history. And we have still room to invest more, we're just going to choose deliberately to add incremental investment in certain spaces, like we did at the beginning of this year for architecture. 
Operator: Our next question comes from David Hynes with Canaccord. 
David Hynes: Two questions from me. I'll start with you, Scott. Curious what the lag time was between the uptick in active use and then the resumption of demand that you saw in APAC? And I guess the question is, if the same held true in the Americas based on what you saw in July, when would you expect to see an uptick in demand here? 
Scott Herren: I don't really want to get into parsing it quite that finely for you, David. What we did see is, as the usage ticked up, there was a bit of a lead time, but it's not measured in months. But there was a bit of a lead time between usage ticks up and when the actual new product sales pick up. And our expectation, not only have we seen that in APAC now, but we've seen the same phenomenon as the markets have reopened in Continental Europe. So, our expectation is as we get more into a reopening in the United States that we'll see that same thing here. I think the UK is dealing with a slightly separate issue than just the normal recovery from the pandemic. 
David Hynes: Andrew, one for you. Curios what the education channel – I know it's not a revenue driver for Autodesk. But obviously, it's training future users. So, I'd be curious what you're seeing there, just given the uncertainty around back-to-school processes and enrollment numbers. Any color would be helpful. 
Andrew Anagnost: Yeah. Education usage is up for us. All right? I think, frankly, the remote nature of work is kind of playing nicely into our strategy in certain areas, especially with regards to the cloud and how the cloud interacts with certain parts of the curriculum. Certainly, on the university side, Fusion is doing well because of its cloud foundation. And remember, we have Tinkercad in K-12. So, Tinkercad is getting more visibility in a lot of curriculums right now as well. So, education has done really well for us during the pandemic in terms of – it's not that we haven't seen declines in usage. We absolutely have. But it's rebounded back to usage levels that we had in pre-COVID days, which is a positive sign. And we're seeing gains in educational usage in places where the cloud is a priority for the usage paradigm. 
Operator: And our last question comes from Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Jason Celino: Maybe one quick one for Scott. More of a forward-looking question. I think there have been a lot of questions on what you're seeing in churn today. But, I guess, what are you building in the guidance? Because I think last quarter, you mentioned that you are building in some conservatism around that for the second half. 
Scott Herren: Our expectation – I'm quite pleased, actually, with the way the renewal rates on products subscriptions, which is by far the biggest piece of our subscription base, has progressed throughout the quarter, and it's our expectation that we will continue to see slight improvements on that through the end of the year. That's kind of now looking across all countries. Obviously, it varies a bit by region as different regions are recovering from the economic impact of the shutdown differently. But I think, in aggregate, what the expectation should be, continued slight improvement in those renewal rates on product subs. Maintenance is quite small. It's not surprising to see churn rate increase on maintenance as we've now informally announced the end of life of maintenance. And it's kind of the last chance to either renew, convert or churn. And so, we're seeing an increase in both renew – I'm sorry, we're seeing an increase in both convert and churn at the same time, which is in line with our expectations. And of course, maintenance is quite a small element of our overall subscription base and our revenue base at this point. So, not surprising on that front. And I would expect to see that maintenance churn rate continue at a higher-than-normal level through the end of the year. 
Jason Celino: One for Andrew really quick on Fusion 360. The net additions that you mentioned, any way to think about where those came from? Were they existing users or completely new users? And were they using cloud before? 
Andrew Anagnost: It's kind of all of them. All right? There were existing users that added more. So, we've had expansion. We're getting bigger and bigger Fusion installations, which is a good sign. There are also new users at the low end of the market. We see a lot of users consolidating their CAM and design solutions at the low end of the market into Fusion and moving forward with Fusion. So, it's kind of a combination of all those things. We saw some users converting from some of our hobbyist versions to commercial versions. So, it's across the whole spectrum. But really, the big drivers are, we're selling more into accounts where we had it and we're selling more down market into accounts that are basically unifying their portfolios inside of their operations. 
Operator: Thank you. And this is all the time we have for today. I would now like to turn the call back over to Abhey Lamba for closing remarks. 
Abhey Lamba : Thank you, Joelle. And thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Please reach out to us if you want to follow-up on anything. This concludes our call for today. Thanks. 
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2021 Q1  (2020-05-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Autodesk First Quarter Fiscal Year 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speaker presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Please be advised that today’s conference is being recorded. [Operator Instructions]  I would now like to hand the conference to your speaker today, Abhey Lamba, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
Abhey Lamba: Thanks, operator, and good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our fiscal year 2021 first quarter results. On the line is Andrew Anagnost, our CEO; and Scott Herren, our CFO. Today’s conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. You can find the earnings press release, slide presentation, and transcript of today’s opening commentary on our Investor Relations website following this call. During the course of this conference call, we may make forward-looking statements about our outlook, future results, and related assumptions and strategies. These statements reflect our best judgment based on currently known factors. Actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to our SEC filings for important risks and other factors, including developments in the COVID-19 pandemic and the resulting impact on our business and operations that may cause our actual results to differ from those in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. During the call, we will quote a number of numeric or growth changes as we discuss our financial performance, and unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. All non-GAAP numbers referenced in today’s call are reconciled in the press release or the slide presentation on our Investor Relations website. Now I would like to turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Abhey. To open, I want to thank all of the medical professionals and other essential workers who are confronting the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic on the frontline. Their efforts are not only saving lives, but allowing many other people around the world to protect themselves, their families and their communities. Their efforts are truly heroic. Thank you for everything you do. Our thoughts are also with everyone affected by pandemic. And our priorities remain the safety and well-being of our employees, and the continued support of our customers, partners, and communities. Many of us, myself included are adopting multiple roles as we seek to juggle the demands of our professional and family lives in a world that has suddenly become most more complex, and more constrained. Personally I've had to learn how to home school my youngest child, and while I've always had a healthy respect for the work teachers do, I have developed an even deeper appreciation for the role teacher’s play in our societies. It takes a lot of patience and skill to help a young mind learn what it needs to learn. From a business operation standpoint, the transition to working remotely has been smooth. I am proud of how our employees and partners have balanced their personal lives with many commitments during these unprecedented times; many significant product upgrades were successfully released, thanks to our cloud-based operating infrastructure. One of the metrics we've been tracking closely is the weekly active users of our products, and since the pandemic started usage of our products dip slightly, but overall remained relatively steady. In China, usage dropped lot rapidly in February, but rebounded above pre-COVID levels by the end of March as business started reopening in the region. And it's no surprise we saw a major surge in usage of our cloud collaboration project – products, as people work from home and throughout the quarter. During the quarter and into May, renewal rates held relatively steady among our target markets, AEC revenue held up well, while we experienced a slowdown in the manufacturing space. The resiliency of our business is anchored by the diversity of our geographic regions and product offerings, our subscription -- business model and our indirect distribution model, which allows us to operate and adapt locally as economic conditions evolve in different geographic regions. During the quarter, we helped our customers accelerate their migration to the cloud and ease their transition to working from home. We also offered extended payment terms to alleviate their liquidity concerns. Please refer to the slide deck on our investor relations website for more details on these actions. I am incredibly proud of not only the way our employees rally to support each other in the company, but also how they rally to support our customers, our partners in the communities they live in. Without their resiliency, the resiliency of our business model wouldn't matter. With that, I'd like to turn it over to Scott now to take you through the details of our performance and guidance before I come back to provide insight into our strategic growth drivers. 
Scott Herren: Thanks Andrew. Before I offer more details on the first quarter, I want to echo Andrew's comments thanking our heroes, battling the pandemic on the front lines. Our products, partnerships and expertise help many frontline organizations combat the pandemic, from the quick build and hospitals to manufacturing Personal Protective Equipment or PPE and the philanthropic support of global, national and local communities. My own daughter has just graduated with her nursing degree and will be on the front line next month. Availability of proper PPE for her and all the other superheroes and sprouts has been my biggest concern, so I'm particularly proud our desk has played a role in addressing that need.  Our keyword performance was strong with total revenue growing by 20% subscription plan revenue grown by 35% and operating margin expanding by 10 percentage points. Total remaining performance obligations grew 27% and current remaining performance obligations grew by 18% to $2.4 billion in the quarter. We delivered free cash flow of $307 million and continue to repurchase our shares to offset solution. Typically I'll go through our results from the quarter in more detail, but today I'm going to focus on the COVID-19 impacts on our business and guidance. You can find additional details in our Q1 performance on our investor relations website. I do quickly want to mention that we have renamed what we previously called core business to design and what we previously called the cloud to make. The private labels cost to compute is almost all of our products have cloud enabled functionality. There is no change in the products that fit into each of these two categories. During the quarter renewal rate held relatively steady, whereas new business not surprisingly slowed down in the second half of Q1. However, the impact on our business has not been uniform by geography or industry. Our business is not only diverse from a geographic standpoint, but our products and customers are diverse as well. Many of you have asked about our exposure to small businesses, we generate approximately 10% to 15% of our revenues from small businesses to find those customers with less than 20 employees and with less than 15 students. Our net revenue retention rate is within the 110% to 120% range. One of the other metrics we track for customer stickiness is partial renewals, which is a measure of subscription renewals for some, but not all seats in the contract are renewed. Our partial renewal rate remained relatively steady as well. In prior downturns, AutoCAD LT was a leading indicator for demand. However, during the current slowdown, our mixed up AutoCAD LT moved higher, as some customers apparently chose to optimize their purchases. Lastly we saw a modest decrease in multi-year deals toward the end of the quarter, although many customers continued to move forward with multi year commitments, even in the current environment.  Given the evolving business environment as a result of COVID-19, we are actively managing our spending, reducing travel and entertainment expense, monitoring our hiring rate, shifting the virtual events across the board, and rationalizing our marketing spend. We will continue to invest in critical areas such as R&D, construction, and digitizing the company to ensure our future success as we come out from a pandemic. Now let me turn to our expectations for the remainder of the year, our investment in cloud products and a subscription business model, backed by a strong balance sheet gives us a robust foundation to successfully navigate the economic challenges. Our full year guidance range is wider than normal due to ongoing uncertainty in the economic environment, it will have a more pronounced impact on our new business. Regarding trends during the year, we expect the second quarters new business activity to be the most impacted by the pandemic. Our pipeline entering the second quarter is strong and growing. But we're cautious about new business close rates. The upper end of our range assumes a swift recovery in new business in the third quarter and continued improvement into the fourth quarter with full year new unit volume growing lastly. At the lower end of the range, we are modeling deeper impact on second quarter sales, fall by a slower recovery in the third quarter and further improvement in the fourth with full year, new units posting a modest year-over-year decline. On the other hand, the majority of our business is renewals and we have not experienced the meaningful change in our renewal rate, which offers us resilience in an uncertain environment, still we are modeling a decline in renewal rates in the second quarter, out of an abundance of caution. Our low end and high end guidance scenarios differ in the extent of the drop in the second quarter and the pace of recovery later in the year. Given our strong renewal rates, we expect our net revenue retention rate to remain above 100%, but move below the current range of 110% to 120% for the rest of the year. The decision to reduce new product demand, we anticipate our billings will be impacted by a fewer multi-year transactions, the lower end of our billing guidance assumes a steeper decline in multi-year contracts, whereas the upper end is based on a more modest decline. The reduction in billings and the timing of large transactions are impacting our free cash flow expectations. Fiscal 2021 will be a significant and more backend loaded year, which will move some of the free cash flow from this year to next. We expect our full year operating margin to expand by approximately two to four percentage points. Looking at the second quarter forecast, we expect the pandemic to meaningfully impact our billings, which can be sequentially down by low double-digit percent. Additionally, our decision to offer extended payment terms to our customers for sales, up through early August, combined with a more backend loaded quarter will impact our Q2 free cash flow, which could end up being breakeven to slightly negative before accelerating in the second half of the year. Although our fiscal year 2021 results are being impacted by COVID-19, we are confident in our fiscal 2023 free cash flow target of $2.4 billion. Assuming the recovery starts by the end of this fiscal year. We build a resilient business model that will allow us to capitalize on multiple tailwinds, once we exit the current pandemic. And now I'd like to turn it back to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Scott. We expect all secular trends that we have been investing in for years to be accelerated during and beyond this pandemic. People are being forced to change the way they work, and in turn are experiencing the benefits that our cloud and subscription solutions have to offer these companies are not going to go back to how they worked before and digitization will be accelerated as businesses take all steps necessary to sure they are more resilient. Our investments over the last few years, combined with our ongoing focus on cloud-based offerings, leave us with a competitive advantage and well-positioned to help our customers, not only during this pandemic, but also in the new world that they will be working in when it is over. In fact, some of our biggest customers are already altering the mix of our products to lean more heavily into the cloud and digitization. Although AEC spending has held up well and work is continuing, some customers are seeing project delays, cancellations, and in some cases, job sites temporarily shut down. However, despite these realities, we have seen continued adoption of our construction offerings. For example, Media [ph] Construction, a general contractor in Southeastern United States, selected our products over a competitive construction management solution at their time of renewal. Their business is growing rapidly and price was becoming a concern with their current vendor. They needed a comprehensive solution that was fast and easy to implement. The multiyear deal started with PlanGrid for the field, evolved to include BIM 360 for the office and field connectivity and ultimately, included BuildingConnected for project bidding. Many construction sites were shut down temporarily, impacting our new business for field-focused solutions like PlanGrid. However, our products span the complete construction value chain and our collaboration products like BIM 360 Design and Docs experienced solid growth. Our extended access program allows customers to try out and experience the value of the cloud collaboration products at no cost for a limited period of time. We're seeing customers who are in the process of adoption accelerate their timelines. We are also seeing customers purchase additional seats directly through our digital store. Since early March, cumulative new commercial projects grew over 200% in BIM 360 Design and over 100% in BIM 360 Docs. This surge in usage has been a great test for our cloud product infrastructure, which has scaled up seamlessly. As you might recall, BIM 360 Design is the cloud collaboration tool that allows our customers to use our Design product anytime, anywhere with data stored in the cloud. Now that customers are experienced cloud-based solutions that allow them to work efficiently from anywhere, we do not think they will revert to previous ways of working. One of our largest customers, AECOM, significantly increased their adoption of BIM 360 and reached out to us beforehand to ensure that we were set up to support the increased usage. AECOM is the world's premier infrastructure firm. David Felker, CIO, Americas and Construction, recently commented, 'We're shifting rapidly to remote working, which is absolutely essential for the continuity of our business. Our strategic partnership with Autodesk and the BIM 360 Cloud platform, along with substantial investments in digital solutions and technology, have enabled our successful pivot to this new way of working. We forecast that our use of BIM 360 will continue to grow dramatically in the short-term and will become our new baseline for projects in the long-term.' We are not only helping our customers work remotely, we are also doing so quickly. When New Zealand went into lockdown overnight, we helped Warren and Mahoney Architects successfully mobilized their entire business to work from home in five days. In the process, they doubled their number of BIM 360 Design subscriptions. They told us they would not have been able to so successfully continue their business operations, while working from home without our support. And they also noted that all projects will be delivered using our platform going forward. We believe the current pandemic will accelerate digitization and automation in the AEC industry, as customers look to make their businesses more resilient. At the end of every downturn, there is an upturn, and businesses will need our products more than ever to stay competitive on the other side of this. One segment that has historically done well, as governments seek to provide stimulus, is infrastructure. During the quarter, we announced an alliance with Aurigo to better serve public and private owners. Capital project owners at Departments of Transportation, cities, counties and enterprises will benefit from this alliance, and we are already receiving positive feedback from customers. This quarter, we had a top architecture firm and a subsidiary of one the largest state owned enterprises in China choose our products over Bentley's. Their typical projects for domestic and international clients include healthcare infrastructure, stadiums, airports and skyscrapers. Autodesk's streamlined workloads and data compatibility allow them to collaborate across teams and bring digital design down to the construction service phase. Beyond that, they have already taken advantage of our products for generating optimized design schemes and are excited to use Generative Design in Revit, as we recently announced Generative Design is available in Revit 2021. As our customers plan to return to work safely, they need help redesigning space layouts in buildings, and this is one of the things Generative Design enables people to do effectively. Although, manufacturing has been impacted by supply chain disruptions and temporary factory shutdowns, our products are enabling customers to operate under evolving conditions. Customers use our solutions to develop new products and R&D continues even when production floors experience disruption. Automation and flexible supply chains will be vital to competitiveness in the future. Our products help customers work remotely in a distributed environment and collaborate among their divisions, customers and supply chains in the cloud. Fusion 360 is the leading comprehensive multi-tenant cloud CAD/CAM and PLM solution and continue to gain traction during this pandemic, as customers are reassessing their technology portfolios' readiness to cope with the demands of distributed work. In fact, April was the fastest-growing month for new user acquisition. A good example of this is that we closed a large stand-alone Fusion 360 deal with a big semiconductor company. Currently, they use the electronics design capabilities in Fusion for their printed circuit board design work. And we expect to further expand our presence with them due to the integrated functionality offered by our products at a more attractive price point. In addition, BASF, the largest chemical producer in the world, increased their EBA users of Fusion 360 to 2,000 during the quarter. They look forward to using Fusion 360 as a collaboration platform to improve the efficiency of communication between several teams, starting with equipment design and maintenance at one of their chemical plants. Growth remains strong, relative to our competition across manufacturing portfolio. Customers of our on-premise solutions report minimal disruption in the move to remote work, which has been supported by cloud features included in our subscription offering. During the quarter, we signed our first enterprise business agreement with an automobile manufacturer in China. The usage-based model was a good fit for the customer who needs flexible access to our expansive portfolio of products. COVID-19 was a catalyst for them to substantially increase their engagement with us. They made the decision to adopt the most efficient solution to ensure they stay competitive in their industry on the other side of this downturn. In addition to growing our presence in the commercial space, we continue to maintain our leadership in the education space, where future engineers are rapidly adopting our products. Our new-user acquisition in the education space, driven by Fusion 360 went up over 70% in April. Moving onto another high priority area for us, we are still making traction, monetizing non-compliant users. In terms of sales led initiatives, we are being sensitive to customer situations and are often deferring the final outreach, but this does not mean progress has stopped. The first deal we closed and move on after the business reopen was a license compliance transaction that we have been working on for many months prior to the pandemic. We closed an additional license compliance deal and competitive win over Bentley in Central America, and the customer is now piloting BIM 360 Docs. In closing, while all of us are impacted by the current pandemic, we are building a stronger Autodesk for the next year and beyond. We have a head start over our competition in critical capabilities like cloud computing and cloud-based collaboration, and we will continue to invest in our strategic initiatives. There are three key areas that make us confident in our fiscal 2023 targets and our growth after that. One, digitization in AEC is going to accelerate in the coming years as companies seek to adopt not only BIM, but a complete design to make workflows enabled by the cloud that not only make current processes more resilient and efficient but support new industrial paradigms for industrial paradigms for the construction site. Two, the evolution of manufacturing to a more distributed network and cloud-based workflow is also going to accelerate significantly over the next few years. And we have the industry's leading multi-tenant cloud-based solution to address the emerging customer needs that will -- and three, our business model is more robust, adaptable and resilient than in the entire history of the company. This will allow us to not only invest aggressively in the future, but do so with an eye to both revenue and margin growth. We look forward to virtually engaging with many of you at Investor Day on June 6th where we will have more time to share our strategic initiatives. With that, operator, we'd now like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Saket Kalia with Barclays Capital. Your line is now open.
Saket Kalia: Okay, great. Hey, thanks guys for taking my questions here. And I hope everyone's doing well. Andrew, maybe just to start with you. Thanks for the commentary just by area. I want to look at it from a different lens, and maybe see if you can talk about what you're seeing from your customers on engineering headcount and hiring. Now clearly, that situation is going to differ between manufacturing – between your manufacturing customers and your AEC customers. But I'm wondering, if you could give us some high-level observations just about how your customers are approaching headcount during these times?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Saket, I hope you're doing well as well. Look, there's – what I'll do is I'll give you some indirect measures of what we're seeing. If our customers were engaging in a lot of headcount reductions, what we would see is a tendency towards more partial renews in our base. We're not seeing that, all right, as we mentioned in the opening commentary. So we're not seeing this increase in partial renews which kind of talks to a stable employment base and a stable team environment. The other thing that we pay attention to is the whole notion of what's happening with weekly active users, okay? That's the real measure of economic activity happening on top of our applications. This is something we didn't have during the last downturn. We weren't able to monitor weekly active use of our desktop products. That weekly active usage, while it declined a little bit as we headed into this, is definitely starting to stabilize. So that's another indicator that tells us, look, people are hanging on to their R&D, their R&D and early project development team members. We're well in front of the process here on multiple factors, so people need to keep the people working on the stuff that uses our products in order to effectively meet the demand as they come out of this. So that's what we're seeing Saket.
Saket Kalia: That's really helpful. Scott, maybe for my follow-up for you, you touched on this a little bit in your prepared remarks, but I'm wondering if we could just flush it out a little bit more. Can you just talk about what you saw in the quarter on those multiyear paid-up subscriptions? And just talk about how you're thinking about that in the fiscal '21 free cash flow guide?
Scott Herren: Yes. Thanks, Saket. And I hope you and your family are staying safe too. It's such a bizarre time. What we did see -- the multiyear continues to be relatively strong. It was an interesting quarter. The beginning of the quarter was quite strong. Across the board, demand was strong. Multiyear was strong. It was really a continuation of a strong Q4. And then right around mid-March, we saw things slow down. And it slowed not evenly, as we talked about in the opening commentary. It slowed down little bit by – as countries were affected in a different rate. What we saw in multiyear is, we did see it come down a bit in the second half of the quarter, but not substantially. And you see that when you look at the total long-term deferred balance in relationship to the total deferred revenue balance. So while it did come down, a lot of our customers continue to see value in buying the multiyear. Our partners continue to see value in selling that. And of course, we get value because those are renewals that we don't have to chase, and it frees up sales capacity. So the triumvirate of good for customers, good for partners, good for us continues. I do expect to see some headwind on multiyear transactions through the second half of the year, and that's part of what is influencing the change in our guidance on billings and free cash flow as an expectation that multiyear will trend down through the year, certainly in the second quarter with some recovery towards the second half of the year.
Saket Kalia: That’s very helpful. Thanks guys.
Scott Herren: Thanks Saket.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Phil Winslow with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Phil Winslow: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I'm glad to hear that you are well and hopefully that extends to your families and your team members. Question first for you Andrew, then a follow-up for Scott. Andrew, you talked about obviously the different phases of the construction life cycle and different products you have there. When you're talking to your customers, how do you think about sort of reopening, starting to sort of impact, call it the architecture side, your planning, construction etcetera. And considering the fact that you were on the AEC side, you seem to have a backlog of projects coming into the year, what are they saying to you in terms of restarting and where sort of that backlog is, especially when you think kind of guide go-forward basis? Then just one follow-up for Scott.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So the backlog comes in 2 forms. The first backlog is projects that were just put on hold and were about to go into the pipe, we hear a lot about that from our customers is that look, a lot bunch of products were just put on hold, until people know where they're at. Those projects are not going away. None of them are in any kind of category that would represent a pullback from the projects. So yes, at the front end in the design and kind of engineering side, there is definitely this queue of projects that were put on hold. The interesting thing on the downstream side and the construction side, what you saw was how in some municipalities, people actually stopped construction. Now those construction sites are coming back on right now. And in some places, construction never stopped, but they're not coming back on the same, all right? So what you're seeing is people are working with distancing, listing requirements on the construction site, so there's fewer people on the construction site and these people are working in more shifts, so what you're actually seeing is more pickup in the digital tools and an anticipation from our customers that they need more tools to digitally manage their sites as they stand up these construction sites. The same goes in manufacturing. Manufacturing, they – their biggest problem is that their output side will shut down. Their new product development and all the things that are going on there, none of that was stopping. They just couldn't push the units out because of various restrictions on them. That's all starting to open up as well. And that's what we're hearing from our customers. Frankly, the one segment of our customer base that still doesn't know what their – what their fate is is the people making films, TV and film. They're still struggling with when the sets are going to back up. The games, games, obviously, they never – they never saw a slowdown. So – but the people in the film business are still waiting for when the production is going to restart.
Phil Winslow: Okay. That was super helpful. And then Scott, just to follow-up. Obviously, we came into the year with a significant number of active users that weren't on subscription or maintenance. I wonder if you could tell us just sort of the trend that you saw in Q1 relative to last year in terms of conversion of those to paying subscribers and just how are you thinking about this year?
Scott Herren: Yes. It continues to be an enormous opportunity for us, Phil, and it's one that we'll continue to pursue out even beyond fiscal 2023. What we have seen during the quarter is – we talked about this on the fourth quarter call as well. We've gotten better at the data science at identifying those, passing on higher-quality leads. That's led to the productivity of those license compliance teams improving. And as the productivity improves, we're investing more headcount there. That trend continued into the first half of the quarter. I will tell you, as the economy got more difficult and as many of our customers face shutdown and very difficult situations, what we did do toward the second half of the quarter is, while we'll continue to pursue those transactions, we're not forcing a final transaction, a final outcome of that in many cases. So that pipeline continues to build. We continue to work that and build that up, and that's an opportunity that's still ahead of us in the second half of the year.
Phil Winslow: Great, thanks guys and stay safe.
Scott Herren: You too, Phil.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Phil.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Heather Bellini: Thank you very much, gentlemen for taking the question and glad to hear you and your families and the Autodesk employees are doing well. I just have two questions. First, Andrew, you mentioned the license compliance deal in Wuhan that you closed. But I also wanted to ask, given your global reach, how are you seeing business trends in parts of Asia, aside from that one, where the economies have maybe been open for a little while longer? And any commentary – I guess, there would be any commentary on how the first month of this quarter overall is tracking versus the month of April? And then I just had a follow-up for -- a follow-up one after that.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Okay, great. So, Heather, let me give you a little context. I'll kind of answer your question a little broader than you asked just so that you can a full set context. Scott said, we kind of entered Q1 with a roar. We had like a week to celebrate our success from fiscal year 2020. And then what happened is March hit, you saw China start to decline, you saw Korea follow suit. You saw a general decline in APAC, and then kind of Europe came online after that, started to decline, then the U.S. Here's what we saw, though, as things played out. China and Korea are rebounded, right? Monthly -- weekly, monthly active usage in China is now above the pre-COVID highs in that country. Korea returned and became stable. Japan was surprisingly steady through the entire crisis, all right, both from a business perspective -- from a business collections and from the weekly active usage numbers that we are tracking. And now what we're seeing is kind of the same kind of cascade happening in Europe. We're starting to see Europe weekly active usage is going up. New business is starting to go up. And you're seeing -- we're seeing a kind of a stabilization in the U.S., not any upward trajectory yet, but it's all cascading like that. And we saw that in our weekly active usage numbers. We're seeing it in our new business numbers. And another thing that stayed constant and stayed relatively steady was renewal rates. Now, we always told you that we anticipated renewal rates would decline slightly during a downturn. What happened was that renewal rates actually declined less than we expected. So, they've been -- they've held up incredibly well through this downturn, and that was consistent across geographies at all times during the crisis. There hasn't been some kind of sudden dip in renewal rates and some wavering. It's actually stayed like at a fairly consistent rate. The one thing I want to make sure you understand during the whole entire thing, our cloud products and our make products did incredibly well. Like, for instance, in March, during the heat of all of this, Fusion added 50,000 monthly active users in the month, right, in the heat of all of this, all right? We already told you about what was going on in BIM 360 Design and BIM 360 Docs, those products all did very well even through the downturn.
Heather Bellini: That's great. Thank you. And then just one quick follow-up for Scott, and I know you mentioned this in response to someone's question, I think, about long-term deferreds. But you had talked about, at one point, most recently, those being maybe as much as 25% of the total deferred revenue balance. I'm just wondering is there a level that you would set up at for this year that you think might be more reasonable.
Scott Herren: Yes. No, I think that's the right range, Heather. I think it ends up in the mid-20s. It had been slightly higher than that. You remember on the fourth quarter -- actually, on the third quarter and the fourth quarter call, I think there was concern that multiyear paid upfront product subs was going to run through hot and was going to create a problem for free cash flow this year. In fact, we thought this was going to be a year of stability as opposed to a year of a pandemic. And I have our multiyear offer actually on my watch list, because if I got the impression that it was running to an unstable level, so hot that we couldn't maintain that percent, I wanted to make changes to the offering to kind of tamp it down a bit. We haven't made any changes to the offer. At this point, I don't think we need to. It's the same, pay for three years upfront; get a 10% discount; that it's always been. We saw it in the second half of the year come down modestly. That's my expectation for the year and that will put long-term deferred in that mid-20% of total range.
Heather Bellini: Okay, great. Thank you so much gentlemen. Stay safe.
Scott Herren: You too. Thanks.
Andrew Anagnost: You too Heather.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Your line is now open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening, Andrew and Scott. I'll ask both questions at once. So first, Andrew, you noted a number of trends and requirements that are being accelerated by the current situation. What are the implications of that, if any, for your sales and distribution model? You've been doing a lot of hiring or planned hiring for direct sales coverage, named accounts, inside sales, the store and so forth, and of course, working with the channel. So maybe you could talk about any implications there? And then secondly, looking past this current valley affecting business, looking to your longer-term road map, you've spoken, of course, often at AU, another occasions about your new platform plasma. What are the milestones for that internally that you'd be able to communicate over the next number of years in terms of its progress? And overlaying that at the applications layer, are there any major brands such as Revit or Inventor or anything else that you think would be prudent to rebuild or rewire in some way to take advantage of the new platform, in terms of collaboration, data orchestration, perhaps multi-core and multi-threading and all those good things. So a sales question and a technology question.
Andrew Anagnost: Okay. So let me start with the sales question. So as we've headed into this and looked at the year, as you've noticed, we've continued to invest. While we're not going to spend as much as we originally anticipated this year, we're continuing to invest in R&D and things that we think are core to our future and infrastructure. There are some areas that go-to-market we did continue to invest in, like international expansion for our construction solutions and things related to supporting the Fusion business. But, you're right, we probably slowed down a little bit on inside sales efforts when your inside sales teams, you don't want to hire inside sales teams when you're having trouble getting in touch with customers when they're working from home. So we slowed down some of those efforts, but there was no across-the-board slowdown in our go-to-market activity. In fact, what we did is, we prioritized those things that we thought were most important and invested there. And I think they all would make sense to you, in terms of what we're doing there. In terms of the longer-term growth, I think you're going to continue to see us invest in go-to-market internationally around our construction and cloud solutions. I think you're going to see us continue to invest in data centers and servers in our international locations that service our customers with some of our cloud solutions, because those are going to be in demand, all right? Now with regard to your second question, okay, we don't call it plasma anymore, by the way. It's a different name, which you'll get some view of later, probably around AU time frame. So I'm going to be careful about what I talk about there. But look, first off, I want to make sure you understand. There's a lot in our cloud, all right? A lot in our cloud platform, a lot that has been exposed, a lot that hasn't yet been exposed. Some of those things you're talking about allowing multidisciplinary collaboration, simultaneous access to a common model that updates based on different disciplines, but maintains control with, say, the architects or the engineers, you're going to hear a lot more about that in the coming months and probably around Autodesk University. So I'm not going to steal the thunder from that. What I will say at this point is, we've got a lot going on, and we're big believers in the app model. And what I mean by that is we believe that relatively modestly sized to big clients with a really robust cloud backend are the future. And we got there in a very informed way. So, for instance, Fusion has a big client. And – but it has a very, very, very fine-grained multitenant cloud data infrastructure hidden behind it. Fusion's cloud will get thinner – the client will get thinner over time. You could also see an evolution with Revit that's similar to that. That's going to take a little longer. And we made that choice very deliberately, Jay, because we've had lots of experience in pure browser-based applications. For instance, you might be aware that Tinkercad has 25 million users. Right now, in any given day, 11,000 people use Tinkercad. It's the K-12 de facto standard for 3D modeling out there. It's called Tinkercad, but it's actually an amazing tool. It is a multitenant browser-based solution, as is AutoCAD web, which has 50,000 monthly active users a month, all right, which does edit and the creation of drawings as well as collaboration on drawings. Both of those solutions taught us that thicker clients are better, all right. Not totally think clients, way thinner than our current desktop clients, way thinner, but like an app model. We learned this early on from our long years of experience with these pure browser-based tools. So that's why you see us doing that with Fusion. You'll see us do something similar in the AEC space over time. And it's winning because it helps get people to the cloud, but it has that same robust multitenant cloud database structure sitting underneath it.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. I hope you do well.
Andrew Anagnost: You too, Jay.
Scott Herren: Thanks, Jay.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Matt Hedberg: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my questions. I'm glad you guys are well. There's always a lot of questions on construction and all the improvements you made on a product perspective there, but want to talk a little bit more about the momentum in manufacturing. We do hear really good things about Fusion 360. And I know, Andrew, you called it out on the call being a real disruptive offering. Where are we in the momentum of that business? And relative to the investments that we've made in construction, are there many more that still need to happen in this particular part of your business?
Andrew Anagnost: In the manufacturing part or the construction part. You – I want to make sure I answer the question…
Matt Hedberg: Yeah, the manufacturing side.
Andrew Anagnost: Okay, good. Because – all right. So I'm glad you asked the question. Like I said, we're definitely seeing building momentum in that space. There's no doubt about it. Fusion is on fire. I said in March, it added 50,000 monthly active users. There's over 600,000 monthly active users on the application today, all right. It's in the very early stages of a revenue generation activity. I am going to save the total commercial subscriber base as a reveal for the Investor Day coming up. Suffice it to say, it's large, all right, and significant. In education, it's by far the leader. And by the way, it has a connectivity flow with Tinkercad. So we've got K-12 locked up with Tinkercad and Fusion's rapidly taking over post-secondary education and becoming more and more of a force in that space. I think you're going to see a lot of exciting things with Fusion over the next year, especially as we start to reveal the data layers that are hiding underneath the thick client that we use for the application. So I want to hold off a little bit until Investor Day. But I will tell you, in any given day, 60,000 people are using Fusion to solve real-world problems today. So I think it’s an exciting application. It has really significant potential for the future. We are way ahead of our competition, not only in functionality, but in low cloud power.
Scott Herren: So it's a bit of a teaser to get you into the Investor Day next week, Matt.
Matt Hedberg: Yeah, we’re looking forward to that. And then maybe a quick call for Scott, I know renewals were stable this quarter, which is great to hear. I wanted to ask about the [Technical Difficulty]....
Scott Herren: Matt, your voice is breaking up pretty badly. You started off fine and then I was guessing what your question is.
Matt Hedberg: Sorry about that. The joys of working from home. Just – the question is how are your customers doing today? And when you look at your '21 guidance, you talked about some expectations on renewal. But what are expectations for VSB renewals in your fiscal '21 guide?
Scott Herren: Yes. That's a great question because I think there's an expectation that, that segment, which we call to VSB, Very Small Business but to generalize that, think of that as a single site with 20 employees or less and 15 seats or less. And that segment for us typically drives somewhere between 10% and 15% of our sales. We're not seeing a difference in the renewal rate in that segment versus the segment right above that, up through enterprise. It's a bit surprising, frankly. I would have expected that we would have seen a bigger impact there, but we're not seeing that at this point. But bear in mind, as you could imagine we are running multiple scenarios constantly on the back end. And one of the things that I've had built into those scenarios is an expectation that we do see renewal rates move from where they are down modestly during the second quarter. And then the difference between the high end and the low end of our guidance range is sort of the rate of recovery of those. But just to be cautious, even though we're not seeing it yet, I am modeling that into the guide.
Matt Hedberg: Thanks a lot.
Scott Herren: Thanks Matt.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Koenig with Wedbush Securities. Your line is now open.
Steve Koenig: Hi gentlemen, thanks for taking my question. I'll just ask two quick ones. I'll put them both out there. First one is, are you guys -- what are you seeing in terms of horizontal construction? Is there any positive impact? Or do you expect any tailwinds from the stimulus -- we'll call it, the stimulus spending. It's really the anti-recession spending the government is doing. So that's question number one? Question number two, can you give us any color around your assumptions behind new business, kind of looking back at my Autodesk model from the '09 period, your licenses -- if I recall correctly, we're down like mid 30%. It was pretty steep. And I'm wondering how relative to low and high-end of your guidance range, just maybe any color on assumptions you're making? Thanks very much guys.
Andrew Anagnost: Okay. Great. All right. So I'll start off and take the horizontal construction question. So we've been anticipating stimulus with regard to infrastructure for some time now and we've been investing in our core products for that, in particular, in road and rail. What you saw us recently do was engage in a partnership and an investment with Origo, and I mentioned that in the opening commentary. Origo is really, really strong in the early capital planning part of these types of projects, whereas we're really strong in the design and make parts. There's an overlap between our solutions, but they're very, very complementary. Between the functionality we've been building in our design portfolio and this partnership, it's designed to bring the departments of transportation forward in terms of their solution stacks for these various types infrastructure engagements. Right now, they're basically on really old stacks and fairly old technology, Aurigo is a born in the cloud company, most of our stack is rapidly moving to through the cloud. Obviously, the construction stack is entirely in the cloud. So we've been preparing for tailwinds around infrastructure for quite some time. We believe we're ready. We believe these partnerships we put in place are absolutely the right kind of thing. We're already seeing some returns from those partnerships in terms of engagements with various departments of transportation. So yes, we do anticipate a tailwind coming from stimulus related to infrastructure, and we've been preparing for it.
Scott Herren: And to the second question you had, Steve, I'll point you to – I'll tell you what our expectations are, but I'll also point you to the slide deck that we posted on the website at the same time. I know it's a busy night, and there are other companies reporting at the same time. We actually moved to today to try and avoid a lot of other company traffic to try to lighten the load on you guys a bit. So there's a slide there, but I'll tell you what our expectations are. At the low end of the guidance range, we expect – well, in both cases, we expect our new business to be most impacted in the second quarter. And then the divergence between the low end and the high end is the depth of the impact in the second quarter on new business and the rate of recovery, such that in the low end of the range we expect for the full year, we expect a slower recovery from the bottom in Q2, such that for the full year, there is a slight decline in new volume for the year. At the high end, a slightly less of an impact in Q2, a swifter recovery, such that for the full year, new unit volume actually grows modestly. And that's informed by what we're seeing as markets have reopened by monitoring, as Andrew said, what the weekly active usage rate looks like in each of our core markets and really getting an understanding the usage of our products by our customers. Things like our partial renewal rate staying strong, says, if I had 10 that came up for renewal and I renewed all 10, that means that I don't have a reduction in workforce. So I think the strength of the renewal base, plus the – our expectation on what new volume looks like is what differentiates the low end from the high end.
Andrew Anagnost: One more point, we're not seeing close to the levels of declines in new business we saw during the great financial crisis, okay, just to make sure there's too clear on that.
Steve Koenig: Got it. Cool. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Sterling Auty: Yes, thanks. Hi, guys. I know that some of the hardest industries like transportation are not maybe viewed as heavy design users, but any sense of your exposure to transportation, hospitality, hotels, et cetera, in that group?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Those segments tend to be users of things like LTE versus facilities planning and facilities layout. So they're – while they’re big companies, they generally tend to be downmarket users of our applications. It's a facilities usage play for us. So we don't have a lot of exposure to the main line of our business from those very hard hit industries in hospitality, transportation and in food services.
Sterling Auty: That's fair enough. And then one other question. Any thoughts in terms of what you think the impact from a number of companies I've already talked about, post COVID-19, maybe not bringing all the workers back and maybe we'll just see a change in the commercial real estate landscape permanently. Any thoughts in terms of how that might impact your business moving forward?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. It's careful to kind of think about that question in an important way. First off, commercial business building, the commercial buildings and commercial office space, not a huge part of our business. However, I mean, we're living this -- personally, so I can speak to this with some knowledge about how this is working. There's a couple of trends, I think you need to be aware of. One, when people move to more work-from-home type environments, and we will probably have that on the other side as well, they're actually going to have less dense office space. So, for instance, the current requirements in terms of us getting back in our offices are going to require us to significantly de-densify some of our office space. So, people are not -- in the short-term, certainly, not going to require less office space, they're just going to have fewer people in it, spread out more widely over the next 12 to 18 months, okay? So, we have to be very clear on that, people will be coming into offices that are much less dense. That's where we're going. It's where a lot of our customers are going, and they're going to need to reconfigure those office spaces in unique ways. And we're helping them to do that with some of the general design tools. But on a bigger standpoint, okay, there's still going to be population growth. We're still going to have workers. There's still going to be a population that needs to come into an office, but how these offices are distributed and where they are may change. We've always been talking about a trend around urbanization, but we might be future talking about urbanization and suburbanization, where you're seeing this kind of spreading out away from dense urban centers into suburban centers that also have office space and high-rise living spaces. And then they're connected by infrastructure that requires them to have a hub-and-spoke kind of flow. So, there's a lot of ways that this plays out in the future, but in our projections and our view on this, people are going to be building more, not less. Where they build it may change.
Sterling Auty: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Hamza Fodderwala: Hi, this is Hamza in for Keith. Most of my questions have been answered, but just a couple of quick ones. For you, Scott, you mentioned -- so the low end of the guidance is implying that new unit volume sees a slight decline. Is there any instance where we could see maybe overall subscription growth -- subscriptions actually decline year-on-year? Or is that just basically net new sub adds?
Scott Herren: Yes. With the strength of our renewal rate, Hamza -- and at least I got your name right this time. With the strength of our overall renewal rate and the size of our renewal base, no, I don't see overall subs coming down. I think the new unit volume could see some pressure, and we're seeing that in the second half of Q1, but I don't see the aggregate coming down, no.
Hamza Fodderwala: Got it. And on the renewal rate, you mentioned it's been pretty stable. Any color you can give us as to how that has sort of trended versus sort of the historical range, I think sort of like mid to high 80%.
Scott Herren: Yes, it's stayed in the same range. It really stayed steady, Hamza, throughout the quarter. Even as the new business slowed down -- I talked about the difference between the first half of Q1 and the second half of Q1. Even as the new business slowed down during that timeframe, the renewal rates stayed pretty steady and stayed pretty steady across the board.
Hamza Fodderwala: Okay. Thank you very much.
Scott Herren: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Adam Borg with Stifel. Your line is now open.
Adam Borg: Hey guys and thanks for taking the question. I'm glad to hear everyone's safe. Just a quick one on M&A philosophy. So, in the past, we've talked about large M&A being done on -- for the most part, on the AEC side and potential focus shifting to manufacturing. Just given the current potential market dislocations, I would love to hear your latest thoughts. And I have a follow-up.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So, specifically, I've talked about large M&A being done on the construction side, all right? I was very specific that we felt like we got the biggest pieces that we needed on the construction side. Certainly, we are going to continue to look at all our markets. With the shakeup that will likely be accelerated over the next five years in manufacturing, with supply people rethinking their supply chains and numerous things associated with that, I think, our focus on manufacturing will likely continue. But don't think that we won't look opportunistically at opportunities in AEC as well. The next 12 months could present themselves with all sorts of opportunities for organic and inorganic growth activity. Fortunately, we've got a good strong balance sheet. We've got a nice recurring revenue model. We're in a good position this year to act on something that we think could be appropriate for us. So we don't see anything immediately in our future.
Adam Borg: Got it. Got it. Thanks. And then just as a quick follow-up, multiuser licensing, I know that got pushed back till August. Just curious how conversations are going with customers, and any feedback or color there would be great. Thanks so much.
Andrew Anagnost: I got to tell you a story. I'm not going to use specifics. It just came in before -- while we're preparing for today. There was a customer that was desperate to get rid of their multiuser licenses and move to single-user licenses, because they need a two-factor after a malware attack. So we've had people, customers coming to us now realizing that named users are not a bad thing, all right? As a matter of fact, when you're trying to move from working in an office to distributing your workers all over the place, it's really nice that you can just download the software and log on and it works. And they saw us responding much faster to their work-from-home needs. So initially, before this crisis, we were getting a lot of noise about multiuser. A lot of that has started to die down. And in some cases, people are starting to realize that multiuser was not the panacea they thought it was for the problems they were having. And, in fact, it exposed them to other things. So I don't know if that will continue. Times could change, as we head out of this. But, right now, it's been an excellent opportunity for people to understand and for us to have a discussion about what does named user really gets you and what are the benefits. And we're seeing some of that right now. So it's still early days. We've only done a few multiuser conversions at this point, but there's some very interesting conversations around this.
Adam Borg: Great. Thanks, again.
Andrew Anagnost: You're welcome.
Scott Herren: Thanks Adam.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks Adam. Stay safe.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brad Zelnick with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Brad Zelnick: Great. Thanks so much for fitting me in. And I'll echo all the well wishes all around. My question for you guys. It's good to see the strong usage of BIM 360 Design and Docs. How usage of this is temporary, given everyone working from home? And how much of it do you see as sustainable longer term? I mean, given the extended free trial, how are you thinking about page conversion?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So we didn't do the extended -- the only access program to drive paid convergence, as you know, we did it to help people work from home. However, our customers are being pretty definitive with us that their -- most of them are not going to go back to their old way of working. Remember, once they started up a project in these environments and found that the fluidity of what they can do and how they can work remotely, they're very unlikely to pull the project out of the system unless they feel like, I didn't really need any of that. We don't foresee that happening. In fact, one of the things I said in the opening commentary is that, AECOM was very explicit with us that we are moving to a more distributed model. With these things, we’re going to be increasing our usage. Are you ready Autodesk? And we told them, of course, definitively that we were. So, while some customer’s may revert back to their old way of working. We expect a significant number of them to come out of this changed. It's exposed them to something they really weren't aware that they could do previously.
Brad Zelnick: Thanks, Andrew. And maybe just a follow-up regarding the strength in retention relative to expectations. How much is due to a tight labor supply, forcing firms to hold on the talent and Autodesk subscriptions in anticipation of an economic recovery?
Scott Herren: Yeah. It's really hard to say, Brad, what the drivers are, if it’s a – I’m going to hang on to people even though I don’t have them put to use. I don’t think that’s the case. I think more and more – if you think about where our products are largely used in the process, it's less on -- at least today on the job site and on the manufacturing floor and more upstream in the design process. And that's had a lot less impact from the shutdown and the shelter-in-place that's taken place in the wake of the coronavirus. So I don't -- we're not sensing a significant change in headcount and we look at weekly active users. We look at, I think, one of the most compelling statistics is that partial renews had 10 seats only renewed nine, has held steady as well. And so I'm not -- we're not picking up that there's a change in the workforce or changing the work that needs to be done underneath the products.
Brad Zelnick: Great. Thanks.
Andrew Anagnost: The only thing -- remember, weekly active usage is starting to trend up in some of the places that were first hit by the pandemic. So we're seeing the opposite where people are actually starting to use more as they come to their side of this.
Brad Zelnick: Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks for the question, Brad.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jason Celino with KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Jason Celino: Hey guys. Thank you for fitting me in and it's nice to hear from everyone. One quick one for Scott. As we think about the different ranges for the guidance, it looks like on the spend side, its coming down to about mid to high single-digit spend growth. How do you think about the low to mid – high end of the guide for toggling maybe some of the spend you might do?
Scott Herren: The spend -- so first of all, Jason, I hope you're keeping well as well. It's such a strange time. The areas of investment don't vary between the low end and high end of our range. We'll continue to invest in R&D, given the lead that we've got and the fact that as our customers are being forced to digitize more quickly as a result of the distributed workforce plays right to our strong suit, it plays right into some of the longer-term R&D investments we've been making over the last four or five years. So now is not the time to take the foot off the gas on R&D investments. We're also going to continue to invest in construction. I think that's proven to be a market that is dramatically underpenetrated by technology. And so there will be secular growth in that space. We'll continue to invest there. And we'll continue to invest in digitizing our own comp to provide some of the value-add that we can provide to your customers. There's no change in the core focus areas. We are continuing to be diligent about spend management, as you'd expect, and there are savings. You can back into the savings that are built into our spend stream based on the range of our guidance and get a sense, there's obviously P&E spending that's going away. And by the way, I don't think it ever returns to the levels it had been historically. If the last 3 months have shown us anything, it's that you don't have to be sitting across the table face-to-face with someone to conduct business, whether it's a sales transaction or a brainstorming session. So I don't expect that to fully come back. We've gotten some savings through rationalization of our marketing spend. We've moved many of our events to online. I think many of those will stay online. So there's -- there are some savings built into that and I think many of those will continue longer term. But the core areas that we're investing in, we're going to continue to invest in. And we're in a privileged position. So even with the level of disruption that is happening in the marketplace to be able to show double-digit revenue growth and market expansion through high end of our guidance. So I feel good about the decision that we're in.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. That's factoring, that we are growing revenue and same time puts us in a fairly elite category. Given the acceleration of digitization we expect from the other side of this, this is the time you want us to be investing in R&D and the infrastructure that supports getting that R&D to the customers. And that's what we're going to do.
Jason Celino: Okay, great. Thank you. I appreciate the color and thanks again.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks for the question, Jason.
Operator: Our next question comes from Zane Chrane with Bernstein Research. Your line is now open.
Zane Chrane: Hey guys, thanks for filling me in there and I appreciate it. I was impressed with the renewal rate, the net dollar renewal rate staying at 110% to 120% range. So I was wondering regarding the partial renewals holding study, do you have any idea of what portion of your customer base is maybe benefiting from the PPP loans? I'm wondering if churn could maybe tick up once the deadline for the employee retention passes and you have a little bit more layoffs from those customers with the PPP loans at some point in the future? And then secondly, you had pretty impressive bookings, especially when looking at current RPO, I'm just trying to reconcile that with the roughly flat billings growth for the full year. So I'm wondering, if you could what the average time deals tend to be in the pipeline before closing? And if you do have a weakening in the pipeline or the entry part of the pipeline, how many quarters does that take to show up, is it 2, 3, 4 quarters? Or is there any way to know that? Thank you.
Scott Herren: All right. That's a lot to cover there, Zane. I'll take the first one, and I'll let Andrew handle the pipeline sales cycle question. On the first one, of course, there's no way for us to know, but I think that you look at the benefit of that program, it was targeting smaller businesses. And those -- one of the stats that we gave earlier is small businesses and I'll define that as single-site, 20 employees or less and 15 seats or less, that small business segment has typically driven 10% to 15% of our total sales. So it's a smaller piece of our overall revenue stream. It's hard to know how many of them have benefited from kind of the short-term loan programs that have been rolled out and whether you call them stimulus or as Steve said earlier, avoidance of recession. What we do monitor though and Andrew talked about this earlier is, the active users -- the weekly active users of our product. And of course, we saw a strong dip as across the globe countries went into shelter request, but then we also see them come back, and I think that’s also shown sign that we are not seeing stimulus and by all across the board, of course the renewals it stayed inside and we have had another good time. So its hard to know, because its hard to give you a direct answer, but certainly, indicators that we’ll do. We we're not seeing that.
Andrew Anagnost: So with regards to the pipeline question, in terms of how things are going -- all right on general pipeline, so from a cascading, what we've seen in – in terms of new business is Asia is already starting to turn up, all right. So we’re already seeing the pipeline grow in APAC. We are starting to see signs of that in Europe. We haven't yet seen signs of it in the U.S. but given the cadence that we've seen around the pipeline from each region and by a country-by-country basis, watching not only the new business trends, but the weekly active user trends, which, by the way, presages the pipeline, we see building pipeline strength as you get further and further away from the start of the pandemic, which I think is a pretty positive sign for our business in terms of where we think we’re going. And it's why we feel the way we do about the potential for the year.
Scott Herren: Yes. I think the other bit of color that I'd add there is when you look at the change in our billings guide, multiyear clearly is having an effect on that. We've seen it slow a bit in the second half of the first quarter. And what I've built into the scenarios that we've modeled out is that it continues to pace low or to modestly come down, a couple of points from where it had been throughout the year. And that does create a headwind on the billings guide.
Zane Chrane: Got it. That's very helpful. Well, I wishing you guys have a strong and rapid recovery. Thanks very much.
Scott Herren: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. We are now at the end of the time for the call. I would now like to turn the call back over to Abhey Lamba for closing remarks.
Abhey Lamba: Yes. Thanks, Joelle, and thanks, everybody, for joining us today. We look forward to seeing many of you at our Analyst Day next week on June 3. In the meantime, please reach out if you have any questions. Thanks for joining us today.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q4  (2020-02-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Q4 Fiscal Year 2020 Autodesk Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participant lines are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to you speaker today, Mr. Abhey Lamba, VP of Investor Relations. Thank you. Please go ahead sir.
Abhey Lamba: Thanks operator and good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our fourth quarter and full-year of fiscal 20. On the line is Andrew Anagnost, our CEO, and Scott Herren, our CFO. Today’s conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at Autodesk.com/investor. You can find the earnings press release, slide presentation and transcript of today’s opening commentary on our website following this call. During the course of this conference call, we may make forward-looking statements about our outlook, future results and strategies. These statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us. Actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to our SEC filings for important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. During the call, we will quote a number of numeric or growth changes as we discuss our financial performance and unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year on year comparison. All non-GAAP numbers referenced in today’s call are reconciled in the press release or the slide presentation on our investor relations website. And now I would like to turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks, Abhey. We closed fiscal year 2020 with outstanding Q4 results with revenue, earnings and free cash flow coming in above expectations. Recurring revenue grew 29% and we delivered $1.36 billion in free cash flow for the year. Our results were driven by strong growth in all geographies. This was a landmark year for us in Construction as we absorbed our acquisitions and integrated our offerings under one platform – the Autodesk Construction Cloud. Subscriptions now represent around 85% of our revenue, and we exited the year with maintenance contributing less than 10%. Fiscal year 2020 marked the end of the business model transition for us, and we are entering fiscal 2021 firmly positioned to deliver strong, sustainable growth through fiscal 2023 and beyond. It was three years ago that we first communicated our fiscal 2020 free cash flow goal. We have delivered on that goal, which is a testament to the adaptability and focused execution of the Autodesk ecosystem, and the power of our products. I want to acknowledge and thank our employees, partners, customers, long-term investors and everyone who helped us achieve these results. While the path to delivering on our long-term targets was not always smooth, everyone who stayed with us and believed in the transition has been rewarded. Beyond that, the dramatically reduced upfront costs created by the subscription model have enabled a whole new class of customers to purchase our most powerful tools; opening up not only new opportunities for our business, but for the businesses of our customers as well. Before we get into our results and guidance, I want to mention that our thoughts are with those affected by the coronavirus. The safety and security of our employees is our top priority. We are also minimizing potential impact to our customers and partners. The events are not currently impacting our service levels for our customers or global R&D efforts. We will continue to monitor the situation and take precautionary steps. Now I will turn it over to Scott to give you more details on our results, and fiscal 2021 guidance. I’ll then return with a summary of some important recognitions we received, and insights on key drivers of our business, including updates on Construction, Manufacturing and our progress in monetizing noncompliant users before we open it up for Q&A.
Scott Herren: Thanks, Andrew. As you heard from Andrew we had strong performance across all metrics with revenue, earnings and free cash flow coming in above expectations. Demand in our end markets was strong as indicated by our robust billings and current RPO growth. And the sum of our revenue growth plus free cash flow margin for the year was 69%. Revenue growth in the quarter came in at 22%, versus a strong Q4 fiscal 2019, with acquisitions contributing three percentage points of the growth. Strength in revenue was driven by subscription revenue growth of 41%. For the full year, subscription revenue was up 53% and, as Andrew mentioned, subscriptions now represent approximately 85% of our revenue. With the success of our Maintenance-to-Subscription program, we exited the year with maintenance revenue contributing less than 10% of total. Total ARR came in at $3.43 billion, up 25%. Core ARR grew 21% and Cloud ARR grew 102% to $255 million. When adjusted for acquisitions, Cloud ARR grew an impressive 30% driven by strong performance of BIM 360 Design. Now that a year has passed since we completed the acquisitions, our entire Construction portfolio will be organic starting first quarter of fiscal 2021. Moving onto details by product and geography: Starting with AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT, revenue grew 24% in the fourth quarter, again versus a strong Q4 fiscal 2019 and 30% for the year. AEC grew 30% in Q4 and 35% for the year, while Manufacturing rose 15% in Q4 and 18% for the year. M&E was down 5% in the quarter, primarily due to a large upfront transaction in the fourth quarter of last year. M&E revenue was up 9% for the year. Geographically, we saw broad-based strength across all regions. Revenue grew 21% in the Americas and EMEA and 26% in APAC during the quarter. We also saw strength in direct revenue, which rose 26% versus last year, and represented 31% of our total sales, relatively in-line with the fourth quarter of last year. The strength in our direct business was driven by large enterprise business agreements and our digital sales. As we indicated in the past, we plan to provide an annual update on our subs and annualized revenue per subscription, or ARPS, performance. During the year, we grew total subscriptions 12% to 4.9 million, with subscription plan growing 26%. We added 181,000 cloud subscriptions due to strong adoption of our BIM 360 family products as well as 79,000 subscriptions from PlanGrid and BuildingConnected. ARPS grew by 11% for the year to $704 with Core ARPS growing by 10% to $798. With only one quarter left in our maintenance to subscription, or M2S, program we have approximately 400,000 maintenance subscriptions left. I am proud to share that we have converted over 1 million maintenance subscriptions to-date. We will be retiring maintenance after May 2021 and customers will have one last opportunity to renew their maintenance or trade-in their maintenance seat for a subscription between now and May 2021. Please refer to the slide deck posted on our Investor Relations website for additional details around the trade-in offer. As expected and consistent with last quarter, the maintenance conversion rate was 40%. And of those that migrated, upgrade rates came in at 26%. Net revenue retention rate was again within the 110% to 120% range, continuing to demonstrate the growing strategic value we deliver to our existing customers. Billings growth of 43% in the quarter and 55% for the year was driven by organic growth and as expected, the normalization of our multi-year contracts. The strength in our multi-year commitments from our customers is an indicator of the strategic importance and business critical nature of our products. Our long-term deferred revenue ended up slightly higher than we anticipated but our multi-year business is at a sustainable level and is not creating a headwind to our future free cash flows. In fiscal 2020, we delivered $1.36 billion in free cash flow with $684 million coming in the fourth quarter, delivering on a key goal we set out three years ago. We expect to post annual growth in our free cash flows through fiscal 2023 and beyond as net income will start driving a greater portion of our free cash flows versus deferred revenue. Our total remaining performance obligation of $3.6 billion is up 33% and our current remaining performance obligation of $2.4 billion grew 23%. On the margin front, we continue to realize significant operating leverage due to strong revenue growth and diligent expense management. For the full year, non-GAAP gross margins were very strong at 92%, up two percentage points from last year. Our non-GAAP operating margin expanded by 12 percentage points to 25%, we are on track to deliver further margin expansion and attain approximately 40% non-GAAP operating margin in fiscal 2023. Consistent with our capital allocation strategy, we continued to repurchase shares with excess cash. During the fourth quarter, we purchased a little over 1 million shares for $191 million at an average purchase price of $189.52 per share. During the year, we fully offset dilution from our equity plans, purchasing a total of 2.7 million shares for $456 million at an average purchase price of $168.63 per share. Now I’ll turn the discussion to our outlook. We have taken into account the current macro environment and potential risks involved with any disruptions. Our direct exposure to China is small, and our experience with past outbreaks showed limited impact to our sales. While we will continue to monitor the situation more broadly, we expect total revenue to grow by 20% to 22% in fiscal 2021 and expand non-GAAP operating margin by about five percentage points. During the year, we plan to deliver free cash flow in the range of $1.63 billion to $1.69 billion, up 20% to 24%. When looking at the quarterization of free cash flow for fiscal 2021, given normal seasonality and strength of payment collections and large deals signed in the fourth quarter, we expect about two-thirds of our free cash flow to be generated in the second half of the year. Looking at our guidance for the first quarter, our strength in the fourth quarter presents a tough sequential compare. Given our normal seasonality, other revenue in Q1 is expected to be about half as much as we experienced in Q4. The slide deck on our website has more details on modeling assumptions for the fiscal first quarter and full year 2021. Now, I’d like to turn it back to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks, Scott. We just closed a landmark fiscal year and delivered on the free cash flow target we set over three years ago when we began the business model transition. Now let me give you some details about what is happening across our business. First off, fiscal 2020 was not only a year of financial achievements, but also a year where we increasingly enabled our customers to realize more sustainable outcomes in their work. In fact, we were recognized by the Corporate Knights for being in the top five of the world’s most sustainable companies and Barron’s ranked us 10th on their list of 100 most sustainable companies, making us the highest-ranking software company on both lists. This recognition is not only a testament to how responsibly we run our own business, but, more importantly, how we help our customers meet their own sustainability goals, which brings me to construction. Our construction business had an outstanding year and ended the year with great momentum. We are looking at construction in a more connected way than ever before, and our offerings are resonating with our customers. The Autodesk Construction Cloud delivers advanced technology, a network of builders, and the power of predictive analytics to drive projects from the earliest phases of design, through planning, building and into operations. Customers are excited about the unified platform and are recognizing that the breadth, depth, and connectivity across our portfolio sets us apart from our competition. For example, CRB, a design-build firm with offices across the U.S. and internationally, was using each of our four products independently. When they understood our vision for Construction Cloud to deliver a unified solution that integrates workflows connecting the office, trailer and field, CRB signed an enterprise business agreement with Autodesk for the solutions offered under the Construction Cloud. They are aligned with our vision of a unified solution that provides the entire construction lifecycle, from design through long-term maintenance, with all the design and make data they need in one place so information is not siloed or lost, and work gets done more efficiently. Leveraging data efficiently is critical to CRB’s new project execution concept, ONEsolution, which brings time, cost, quality and safety benefits to everyone involved. We provide the only truly connected solution for construction, and during the quarter Metropolitan Mechanical Contractors, MMC, a Revit customer, decided to go with our construction solutions over our competitors. Based in Minnesota, MMC, is a single source solution for the design and build of complex mechanical systems focused on quality, speed and sustainable outcomes, all driving towards a lower cost of ownership. After completing a pilot with a competitor, MMC was ready to move forward with the competitor, but they gave us one shot to demo our solutions due to our leadership in design. After one demo, they chose our PlanGrid solution and also decided to increase the deal to include BuildingConnected, two, integral parts of the Autodesk Construction Cloud. The fast ramp time and the ability to own their data, no matter what system a general contractor uses, were key differentiators and they were impressed by the ease of pushing awarded bids to PlanGrid. Selling synergies between our acquired sales teams and the Autodesk sales team also showed strong momentum this year and we expect it to be a business growth driver for us both here in the U.S. and internationally in FY2021. During the quarter, one of the largest mechanical subcontractors in Australia increased their deployment of our solutions. Historically, the customer was using BIM 360 Docs on some projects and was interested in using either PlanGrid or BIM 360 on additional projects. Our team explained the value PlanGrid brings to the field and BIM 360 Docs brings to the office, highlighting the long-term vision. Wanting to make a long-term investment and recognizing the power behind the integration, the customers invested in our portfolio. As demonstrated by this example, we believe we are better positioned than any other vendor to capitalize on the international opportunity and we are aggressively investing in fiscal 2021 to expand our reach globally. Other notable accomplishments of the year for our construction business include; PlanGrid delivered over $100 million in ARR, beating the target we laid out at the beginning of the year. BuildingConnected crossed 1 million users. The acquired construction solutions were included in 45 enterprise deals. The product teams rolled out a comprehensive long-term product integration plan and over 300 enhancements. I’m very pleased with the progress our construction business made in fiscal 2020 and even more excited to continue building our world-class platform. We also made impressive strides in our core architecture market, where we continue to benefit from customers migrating from 2D to 3D design. Arcadis, a global design and consultancy firm headquartered in the Netherlands, substantially increased their engagement with us this quarter as they work to become a leader in AI-driven design. Involved in some of the world’s most complex projects, Arcadis is aggressively transitioning from 2D to 3D collaborative workflows using Revit, Civil 3D, InfraWorks, and BIM 360. And they are not stopping there. We are assisting in their adoption of Generative Design with Fusion 360 as they are re-imagining traditional processes, like facade design, by exploring the redesign of elements without restrictions of traditional design processes and manufacturability. Moving to manufacturing, we continue to gain share and delivered revenue growth of 15% for the quarter and 18% for the year. Our advanced technology solutions are enabling our customers to migrate from traditional workflows to operate more efficiently in the cloud. We added 20,000 Fusion 360 commercial subscriptions this year, establishing us as the leading cloud-based multi-tenant design and make solution provider in the market. During the quarter, Spinner Group, a German manufacturer of radio frequency technology, invested in our Product Design & Manufacturing Collection over SolidWorks. Their decision was driven by the comprehensive value of the collection and the ability to work with just one partner versus multiple vendors for various point products. In another example, one of the world’s iconic guitar manufacturers standardized on Fusion 360 for design, replacing SolidWorks and Rhino. The catalyst was collaboration as Fusion enables them to collaborate across their acoustic, electric and PCB divisions for the first time ever. We are also seeing our leadership in BIM drive business with building product manufacturers as they need to fabricate products for buildings designed by our solutions. A multinational company, well known in their industry for drywall gypsum boards, selected our Manufacturing Collection and our AEC Collection this quarter to extend their offerings from drywall to pre-manufactured building components in the industrialized construction market. Our design and manufacturing solutions enable them to develop machines and factories for production, and our AEC solutions enable them to connect and work collaboratively with their customers. Adoption of generative design is also continuing to drive business. For example, Goodyear used generative design to optimize an internally produced hand tool. They were able to cut production time, design the tool 4x faster and make the part 10x faster than would have been the case using a traditional machining process. And by combining additive manufacturing with CNC machining, they reduced their overall material costs and manufacturing time by 10x. Business results like these drove an increase in their EBA investment, as Goodyear continues to drive faster innovation in design and manufacturing. Given that we just finished the Oscars, I also want to highlight some of the success we are having in Media and Entertainment. Many Autodesk customers are recognized for their industry leading work throughout the year. One such example is LAIKA, an Oregon-based stop-motion animation studio, recently nominated for an Academy Award and winner of the 2020 Golden Globe for best animated feature. LAIKA uses the full breadth of the Autodesk media and entertainment portfolio including 3ds Max, Maya, and Shotgun Software. Now onto the progress with monetizing non-compliant users. Our ongoing investments in digital transformation have helped us significantly in this area. As one indicator of this, I am excited to share that this fiscal year we signed 62 license compliance deals over $500,000 per deal and 14 of those deals were over $1 million. This is almost three times the number we did in fiscal 2019. The deals were across all regions and almost 20% of the fiscal 2020 deals over $500,000 were in China. We are very pleased with our success in monetizing non-compliant users so far and this remains a key long-term growth driver and area of investment. Moving forward, one of the key steps we are taking is moving to plans for people instead of serial numbers. This will allow us to better serve our paying customers and will make our solutions harder to pirate. Plans based on named users will give our customers visibility into their usage data allowing them to optimize their license costs and enable us to better understand their needs. We moved our single user subscriptions to named users in fiscal 2020 and will now transition all of our multi-user subscriptions. This will mark the final milestone to becoming a true SaaS company giving us the ability to deliver incremental value and customized services to our customers. We are also introducing a premium plan that offers additional security, tailored administration capabilities, support, and reporting. Please refer to the appendix of the slide deck posted on our investor relations website for more details. To close, I would like to look back at the last few years and take a moment to highlight what we have accomplished. Three years ago, we set a free cash flow target of $1.4 billion. This year we delivered on that target. We did what we said we would do. We are executing well and know how to adapt and flex in changing market conditions. We know how to manage our journey and have proven that with our fiscal 2020 results. Looking out to fiscal 2023 and beyond, I am more confident than ever in our strategy and the team executing on it. We will continue to deliver great value to our customers with our connected and comprehensive platform in Construction. We expect to keep gaining share in the Manufacturing market as it moves to the cloud with less siloed workflows, and – over time, we are going to increasingly monetize the non-compliant user base. We look forward to seeing many of you at our Investor Day on March 25, where we will have more time to share our strategic initiatives. With that, operator, we’d now like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Saket Kalia from Barclays Capital. Your line is now open.
Saket Kalia: Hey, Andrew. Hey, Scott. How are you guys doing? Thanks for taking my questions here.
Andrew Anagnost: Hey, Saket.
Scott Herren: Sure, Saket.
Saket Kalia: Hey, I’ll focus my questions on some of the pricing changes here and maybe start with you Andrew. You talked about the introduction of the standard and premium plan. Could you just dig into what types of customers you think would opt for premium and sort of broad brush? How big of your base could that premium plan sort of cohort be over time?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. All right. So the standard plan already exists. So remember, the standard plan is just subscription we have today. And I think one of the ways you want to think about premium is kind of like a mini enterprise agreement without the consumption element. So it’s going to appeal to someone of our larger accounts that get service through the channel. And it’s going to appeal to them for a couple of reasons. First off, some of the things that are included in the premium plan, include Single Sign-on support throughout the directory. So this is the way that the customer can manage their names, user sets, and deployed Single Sign-on across it. It’s easier for them to manage the users. It’s more secure because you can turn on and turn off users really quickly. So that right there is a huge benefit. The other thing that we’re consolidating in, and this is something a lot of our customers already have, is something called an ETR, which stands for extra territorial rights. And that is a something we’ve always sold on top of our traditional licensing to allow them to distribute licenses to subsidiary areas outside of their – outside of where their corporate headquarters are, all right. So that’s another thing that’s included in there. Obviously, another thing that appeals to larger accounts that are serviced by our channel. The other thing that they’re going to get is analytics capability. All of our customers are going to get analytics capability, but what’s going to show up in the premium plan is much deeper. We’re actually going to be making proactive suggestions with some of the analytics about how they can optimize and get more out of their investment with Autodesk or optimize their investment with Autodesk more precisely than they do. They also get a slightly closer relationship with Autodesk through the support terms that we provide. So you can see that it’s going to appeal to larger accounts. I’m not going to give you a percentage of the base in terms of what that means, we could try. But that’s who it’s going to appeal to and I think you can see how we’ve naturally introduced it. At the same time that we’ve introduced a discussion around ending the multi-user licensing, because it allows you to manage named users a lot more effectively.
Saket Kalia: That makes sense. And that actually dovetails into my follow-up question for you, Scott. Can you just talk about that shift of multi-user to named user licensing? I guess, specifically, one of your studies or sort of anecdote shown on how many sort of named accounts there are for – our named users there are for each multi-user license, if that makes sense.
Scott Herren: Yes, yes, it does Saket. And as you imagine, that’s something we looked pretty hard at as we designed the end of sale of multi-user and what that trade in program would look like. And it runs right around two to one. In other words, two named users end up on average being served by one multi-user license. So that’s the reason we set the trade on program the way we did. I think for some customers they will end up needing a few more single users to support their base, if they were running a little hotter than that and for some they’ll probably make the trade in program and in the future there maybe a chance for them to either right size that or take the additional budget and hop into premium with that. So it’s a – it was designed at right around the average of what we see in terms of actual usage today.
Andrew Anagnost: Because you asked about that training program, I just want to make sure that we’re all clear about the why of that program. Because there’s a couple of customer wise and there’s a couple of Autodesk wise. From a customer standpoint, a lot of our multi-user customers are already have named user, named user licenses in their accounts. They’re living in what we’ve affectionately call hybrid hell inside the company, where they’re trying to manage two types of different systems. This will put them all on our new subscription backend. So it essentially brings all of these customers that live in hybrid environments into our new backend and provide them all the same analytics that the named users are getting. So there’s going to be a lot of customer benefits associated, especially when you layer on premium because of the control and security it’s going to give you. For Autodesk, this gets us one step further to retiring older systems that are based on serial numbers, systems that kind of, we have to maintain, systems that have sync issues that get in the way of us knowing about our customers. So we’re going to have more knowledge about our customers. We have more information about what they’re doing and we’re going to be able to service them a lot better.
Saket Kalia: Makes a lot of sense. Thanks guys.
Scott Herren: Thanks, Saket.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Phil Winslow from Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Phil Winslow: Hey, thanks guys for taking my question and congrats on a great close of the year. Just wanted to focus in on the different industry verticals, that you sell into, obviously, manufacturing AEC and obviously there’s a difference sort of between geos there. I wonder if you could provide us as sort of some more color and sort of how you closed out the year there. And sort of how you’re thinking about the forward guidance, sort of industry vertical of geo. Thanks.
Scott Herren: Yes, thanks Phil. And you may not have had a chance to know, it’s a busy night for everyone, but we posted some details by both geography and by product family on the slide deck that’s on the website. And what you see is we were really strong in both, we were strong in all three geos, both in the quarter and for the full year and across all product sets. The one anomaly and we talked about this in the opening commentary was in Media & Entertainment, which actually showed a slight decline for the quarter year-on-year. And that was really driven by one large multi-year upfront transaction that was done in Q4 a year ago. That skewed that. For the full year, Media & Entertainment grew about 9%. So we really saw strength across the board. Our expectation looking into fiscal 2020, I mean, you can see we go from an overall revenue growth rate of about 27% this year to one that’s in the 20% to 22% range next year. Part of that is the – there was about three points of added inorganic growth to our fiscal 2020 numbers. So yes, it takes it down to about 24% compared to 20% to 22% next year, which is just the law of large numbers in absolute terms. We see growth in revenue and a strong percent growth next year as well. And any color you want to add, Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: I mean the only color is our M&E business, because of its size. It just continues to be sensitive to large deals. It always has been because of its size and even the sub-segments within it are sensitive to large deals. That’s just the nature of that business.
Phil Winslow: Yes, got it. And then also just in terms of opportunity that the non-compliant users, obviously you called out some pretty significant change over. I mean, obviously at Analyst Day last year you talked about, I think it’s about $1.7 million, you’re still on the base. What do you think about just the growth that you saw in your overall user base this year? How much of it would you call for just core growth versus actually shifting those non-compliant users…
Andrew Anagnost: Most of it’s – yes. Sorry, sorry, Phil. Most of its core growth, Phil, so – but as I’ve said consistently over and over again, we’re getting better and better at talking to understanding and converting these non-compliant users. That’s why we gave you some of those stats as you can understand directionally, how this effort is going every year. It’s going to continue to get better and better and better. Our investment both from a system side and from our people side, in terms of people that actually handle directly non-compliant negotiations with customers are going up. So you’re going to see this consistent performance and most of that growth is just the core growth. But I hope you’re getting a sense for how this non-compliant usage starts to become quite an engine as we move forward.
Phil Winslow: Got it. I meant to say 12, not 1.7. Sorry about that. All right, thanks guys.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks, Phil.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Matt Hedberg from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Matt Hedberg: Hey guys, thanks for taking my questions. Congrats on a really strong end of the year. I guess, for either Andrew or Scott, I’m curious – Andrew or Scott, I think you mentioned, you’re taking into account the current macro with the coronavirus and exposure to China is small. I guess I’m wondering, how you think about the broader APAC region Japan or other regions. And have you seen anything yet thus far a month into the quarter.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. I’m glad you asked this question. First off, the whole coronavirus situations like the human situation, it’s kind of a human tragedy. And the best thing that can happen here for all of us is that it just gets resolved and contained relatively quickly and there’s a vaccine next year for the next flu season. But from a business perspective, how it impacts you is depends on your business. And we’ve looked pretty deeply at our business and here’s kind of a lay of the land I’ll give you. If you are a software vendor that’s exposed to big deals from especially large industrial that has kind of global supply chain disruption, you’re going to feel some effects from this, all right. That’s not us. In addition, if you’re in the travel industry, obviously, you’re going to feel some effects from this. But here’s what’s different about Autodesk and here’s why I want to help you understand how we look at the business and why we took into account from took into account some China FX in Q1. But we don’t see longer term effects at this point. Okay? Now I will say if this becomes a pandemic, all bets are off and we’ll have a different discussion. But right now our business is, is what we call it, almost micro-verticalized. We cut across lots of different verticals and it’s not just industrial verticals, it’s company size verticals. We go from the biggest to the smallest. Our business, especially in the first half of the year is not heavily dependent on large deals and at large companies that particularly large industrials. So we don’t see that kind of sensitivity in our business. But in addition, and I think this is super important for you to understand, it’s one of the great things about being an indirect company. Our business happens hyper-locally and what I mean by that is the VARs, especially in APAC, the transition, they transact with the customers, are actually new to the customers. All right? You’re not dealing with a situation where people travel or there’s a diaspora of salespeople heading in various directions to get the business done. Customers need our software and they need your software is now and the VARs are there. So this combination of this micro-verticalization, that spread across various companies of various sizes and its hyper locality of our business is why when SARS hit last round, we didn’t see much impact on our business. So, right now what we’ve done, we looked at China, obviously we just said alright more China, China was already having issues as well. So, we prudently looked at Q1 with regards to China and looked at the short term impact but we don’t see right now any other impacts in our business. Of course, like I said earlier, the pandemic hits we’ll have a different discussion, but right now I just want you to pay attention to that notion of highly verticalized micro verticals, different customer segments and hyper vocal, which is a great advantage of where we’re at.
Scott Herren: And Matt if could just tag on to that because there may be some confusion also with our Q1 guide relative to what’s out there and facts said. And of course, what’s in facts said is unguided, on a quarterly basis it’s interesting that it shows sequential growth. The consensus does from Q4, which of course is not what we experienced last year, since we’ve made the shift, last year we saw a sequential decline and even saw a sequential decline last year, despite the fact that Q4 of 2019 only had a month of PlanGrid included and Q1 had an entire quarter of PlanGrid included and we still saw a sequential decline. What drives that by the way, is not a recurring revenue decline and as we look at our guide for Q1 of fiscal 2021 we’re not seeing recurring revenue decline. What we are seeing is and we’ve talked about this in the past, this license and other line, it’s always the biggest in the fourth quarter. It has to do with largely to do with some products that we sell that we sell on a ratable basis. But the accounting still requires them to be recognized upfront. So, if you look at our license and other line in the fourth quarter, the quarter, we just announced it was $42 million. Now we think it’ll be about half that big in Q1. That’s really what’s driving the sequential decline. And so without commenting on how fast they got to nine, 10, I’ll tell you, it’s not a, we haven’t taken into account a significant headwind from coronavirus. We expect our recurring revenue to actually show a slight growth sequentially again.
Matt Hedberg: That’s fantastic. Great color. And then maybe just one more for you, Scott. You’re not guiding to ARR, which I think most of us expected. Given, it’s not a perfect metric for you guys like we saw on Q3. I’m just sort of curious if you could provide a little bit more color on that. And do you still think you’ll talk to like your fiscal 2023 ARR targets at some point.
Scott Herren: You know, Matt, we’re not talking about it and you nailed it. It’s because of some of the anomalies in the way we defined ARR and we talked about this extensively on the Q3 call in relation to our Q4 guide. It was a great metric as we were going through the transition and our P&L had a mix of significant amount of upfront plus ratable. You needed to see how we were building that recurring revenue base. At this point we’ve built a recurring revenue base of 96% of our total revenues. Right? So, doing ARR, which when I gave you an annual number was in effect saying that’s the fourth quarter recurring revenue and multiplying it by four. It didn’t accumulate through the year. That’s why we pulled back on the metric. I think you get as good, if not better, insight from just tracking revenue and knowing that 96% of that is recurring. You will still be able to calculate it, by the way. I don’t plan on focusing on it during these calls, but if you look at our P&L, remember the way we calculated ARR was subscription plus maintenance revenue actual reported for the quarter times four. We’ll continue to report in those line items. So you’ll continue to be able to track it if you want. I just think it’s a less reliable metric of where we’re headed, than revenue or current RPO, which you see in our results. Current RPO is up 23%.
Matt Hedberg: Super helpful. Well done.
Scott Herren: Thanks Matt.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities. Your line is now open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening, Andrew. Scott, you used the word aggressively during your prepared remarks, I believe to refer to internal investments you’ll be making. And on that point you now have by far a record number of openings in sales related positions.
Andrew Anagnost: Truly?
Jay Vleeschhouwer: We counted. Yes, yes. By far the highest I’ve counted in eight years. And it’s for territorial account execs, named account, inside sales, license compliance. And so the question is how are you thinking about that as a principle cost driver to your expense targets this year? And more importantly the production or revenue production effects you would expect from that kind of substantial onboarding of sales capacity. Number two you used to give a metric prior to the transition of your annual license volume. And the last reported numbers in the way you used to calculate it, were about 600,000 to 650,000 licenses. If we continue to follow that method and impute the volume of your business, you are now, it seems well above those last given numbers from a few years ago. It would seem now the consumption of Autodesk product licenses putting in particular collections is now in the high six figures. So, well above prior levels. So would you concur with that calculation that your intrinsic demand consumption of Autodesk product is well above what it used to be under the old way of counting? And then finally with regard to the changes in pricing to a single user preference, would there be an implicit connection there, Andrew, to your view of an eventual consumption model? Can you get there only if you do in fact have this kind of named user pricing?
Andrew Anagnost: Wow, that was good. You asked two follow-ups to the question. Okay. So first off, let me, let me start back to your first question about investment. So I want, I’ll speak for Scott and then Scott can speak for Scott. I want to make sure you’re clear, we are not losing any of our spend discipline at all. All right? We’re actually investing below our capacity to kind of make sure that we’re staying in line with things here. You’re seeing some of the areas we’re investing in go-to-market, we’re also investing in R&D. We’re investing big in construction. That shouldn’t surprise you but we’re also investing in fusion. We’re investing in the architecture with some of the things we’re doing around generative and other types of things for architects and Revits, Revit as well. We’re also in investing in our digital infrastructure. So yes, we are investing, right? And we said we would invest, but we’re investing prudently, we’re investing smartly and we’re excited about it. All right. Because we see a lot of return from the investments we make and we’ve been very deliberate about this. Now on your second point about the licensed growth, I’m not going to comment specifically on that, but you know, I can, one thing I can tell you is that the lower upfront costs of our products and the way we’re going to market right now, it makes a difference. Okay. Too many people spend a lot of time talking to the customers that were our old maintenance customers and how this transition has been hard on them and they’re confused and they’re not sure, but there is a whole swath of customers that are just sitting there going, how did Autodesk stuff get so cheap? All right. And that seems to be the forgotten people and yes, they’re coming in, they’re excited about our products. Some of them are using Revit when they never thought they could use Revit or they’re using an Inventor or they’re using Max. And if you’ve seen some of the things we’ve done with Max where we have an indie version of Max and I mean there’s whole gamut of flexibility we’ve layered out there for people that really changes the way people buy our software and who is buying it and who’s paying for it. And it is an exciting change and yes, it has impacted on us. I’ll say more about the specifics of what you asked for there. Now your third question and I remembered all three. Now about this move to the named user. Look, we, it’s imperative for us to try to complete the transition to SaaS excellence to be a named user company. And once you get people to named users, you’re also getting them on our new subscription backend infrastructure, which is super important. And as you correctly said, that backend infrastructure provides new types of flexibility that weren’t available in the previous hybrid world of dangling on some of the serial number based systems and some of the other systems. So, what you’re going to see over the next 12 to 24 months is increasingly rolling out more flexibility to our customers with regards to how they can apply this named user capability in multiple ways. You mentioned, consumption, the premium plans kind of a layer in that direction. So you’re right in assuming that we’re going to be able to do a much more flexible thing with our customers as a result of what we’ve done. It’s been a heavy lift to get here. All right, it’s been an absolute heavy lift but we’re going to be 24 months from here and our customers are going to be looking back and say, I don’t know, what I was complaining about because this is a better way to engage with Autodesk. Scott, do you have something to add?
Scott Herren: I’d be remiss on your first question, if I didn’t add, besides we’re continuing to maintain spend discipline. It was – we built it up pretty diligently over the four years of staying flat in spend, that’s not going away. But I think you also have to look at the increased spend, not as increased spend, but we’re increasing margin. We’re at a point in our growth story where we can both increase spend to drive future growth and increase margin. So we added 12 points to our operating margins in fiscal 2020. You see the midpoint of our guide, we’re adding five more points to our op margin in fiscal 2021 and we’ve said, it’s going to be 40% by the time we get the fiscal 2023. So the conversation around spend, while interesting if what you’re looking for is where are we investing, that’s a good conversation to have. You should know and everyone should be confident. We continue to manage that very diligently.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thanks very much.
Scott Herren: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Heather Bellini: Hi guys. Thanks for taking the question. I appreciate the time. Most of mine have been asked, but I just – I wanted to follow-up on the multi-user pricing, change that you had and totally understand, Andrew, your comments about kind of you need to go to a named user pricing model. But just wondering if there was anything you could share with us about maybe the impact that that helped drive in the quarter that just ended. And how you’re thinking about like what’s reactions been – what is the reaction been from customers who are going to convert to this so far? What’s their feedback to you on it? Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost: Good. So a great question, Heather. Good to hear from you. Let me give you some color here. So first off, we did increase the price of new multi-user licenses, new, all right. And renew is exactly the same price, right. So it was a 33% increase in multi-user. This is going to have a very little impact on our existing customers, right. The reason we did it was very simple between now and May, when the two for one starts in earnest, we’ve now set the price so that gaming is removed from the system. So what we didn’t want to see was this kind of like sudden hoarding of multi-user licenses heading into the May two for one. And that’s why we did this. It was basically a signal like, hey, here’s where we’re going. We’re heading into this new direction. We did not pull any materially significant business forward into Q4. This had no material effect on our Q4 results. And to be very clear, I’d repeat that, no material fact on our Q4 results. All right. This was purely a hygienic change to line up everything to the two for one offer. Most customers will not see a huge impact on this, except for the few that are going to be adding some multi-user licenses in there. It’s really too early to hear what customer impact is. We did hear from some of our early evangelists and as a result, we were able to kind of adjust some of the – some aspects of the program and do a few things that they kind of address some of their concerns but so far, it’s too early.
Heather Bellini: Great and then – I’m sorry, go ahead.
Scott Herren: A huge amount of pushback on that. Yes, this is Scott. I wouldn’t expect a huge amount of push back on that given that we designed it to be two for one, both in terms of price if you buy a new multi-user now, but at the trade end point because that’s what we see is the average number of single user or named users that are being served by a multi-user license. So it should be fairly neutral to most of our customers.
Heather Bellini: Okay, great. And then I just had one follow-up, if I may, just about the construction market and the deals you close there in the quarter, could you share with people kind of, is this typically a greenfield market where there is no incumbent provider except maybe excel or notebooks, or is this one where – when you’re closing business now it’s – is there any, any legacy replacement of a vendor and just kind of how do you look out and see the competitive environment? Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. For the most part, you’re going in and you’re digitizing a process from scratch for them. Now we do have a competitor we compete with frequently. We’re winning and beating them more and more. And we’ve actually kicked them out of some of our accounts because our customers do not like their business model and that will increasingly make it easy to kick them out of our accounts. It’s just not a good long-term business model. So we do have competitors that go into the same accounts, but essentially what you’re doing is you’re replacing analog with digital and – or you’re replacing e-mail on mobile with devices with some kind of process and process control. Now as we get deeper and deeper into pre-construction planning, model based construction management, interdisciplinary digital twins and all of the things that kind of build out on this, you actually start fundamentally changing the customer’s processes. But Heather, you’re essentially right, you’re replacing analog with digital and that’s where the money is and that’s where we’re going.
Heather Bellini: Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brad Zelnick from Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Brad Zelnick: Fantastic. Thanks so much. And first, I just want to follow up on Heather’s question on construction. It’s great to see the enthusiasm in Construction Cloud. Can you talk about some of the learnings from combining the product portfolio and how you’ll be more competitive in fiscal 2021? And also how big of a component of your mix can Construction Cloud become as we approach your fiscal 2023 target?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Okay. So first let me ask you about the customer reaction, the Construction Cloud and one of the things we learned. So one of the first things we learned is that we had a winter in BIM 360 docs because what we did when we were building kind of this next-generation platform. And it just so happens that all the acquired solutions hook incredibly nicely into this platform, which is super important because if you want to compete both inside the infrastructure business, with the department of transportation and internationally, you need what’s called an ISO compliant common data environment, which is what docs is going to be providing for our customers. So it’s actually a huge competitive advantage to have this environment. And we learned pretty quickly that the work we were doing with docs really kind of played nicely into that. We also learned pretty quickly that we have a huge mobile advantage with what we’ve done with the PlanGrid products and what the PlanGrid team has done. And we’re leveraging that advantage and expanding it into other parts of our portfolio. We also discover that the building network of BuildingConnected that by the way, is getting integrated with PlanGrid and getting integrated with some of these other solutions is an amazingly important asset, not only to our customers, but to us in terms of understanding the construction climate. We also learned what it takes to go internationally, so one of the things that we’re well-positioned to do better than anyone and we’re investing pretty heavily in that international expansion for our construction portfolio. Construction and international business, it always has been, it’s local, but it’s also international. And between our investment and a common data environment, go-to-market stand up in various places, you’re going to see us start to grow internationally pretty significantly and there’s nobody that we compete with that can actually do some of the things that we’re doing there in terms of the construction environment. Now there was another part to your question. I want to make sure I answer it because I got carried away on what we learned. What was the second part of that, Brad?
Brad Zelnick: Second part was just asking how big of a component of your mix, Construction Cloud has become as we look to fiscal 2023?
Scott Herren: Yes, Brad. Thanks for that. I don’t certainly want to get into giving that kind of granularity on our fiscal 2023 guidance. I’ll give you a couple of comments though that we’ve said a few times in the past and still believe construction’s the next billion dollar business for Autodesk. What you see is on the – in the wake of the transactions we did in fourth quarter last, we’ve done a great job integrating those. We haven’t lost any momentum in those acquired companies. And in fact, have seen an updraft in our organic construction business as a result of that. So scrolling on a really nice path at this point, you’ve seen what the inorganic piece looks like in our results. Looking at our total cloud growth gives you a good sense because BIM 360 is the organic piece of our construction business and it’s the biggest piece of our cloud results. So you get an overall sense of where construction is headed for us. And it’s a sizable business and will continue to grow, but I don’t want to get into trying to give you a – you here’s the, let me start to break down the components of our fiscal 2023 targets.
Brad Zelnick: No, that’s helpful, Scott. I appreciate it. And if I could just sneak in a quick follow-up for you about long-term deferreds, which were much higher than we expected, just given your continued traction of multi-year, how should we think about long-term deferreds going forward, especially as you make changes to some of your multi-user products?
Scott Herren: No, that’s a great question. So thanks for asking that. And obviously, the long-term deferreds are a result of multi-year, right, of multi-year sales and we said this is the year we expect multi-year sales to revert back to the mean, right to what we have seen, when we sold multi-year on maintenance historically. And that’s what you see that one of the effects of that is of course, it drives long-term deferred revenue and that’s what you’re seeing in our results. I thought mid-year that this was going to get that long-term deferred as a percent of total deferred revenue would be in the mid-20% range. It’s a couple of points higher than that. As we’ve analyzed that and we’re keeping a close eye on how multi-year is running as we’ve analyzed it, it still feel like that’s at a sustainable level and it’s below what we saw with maintenance. When we offered almost the exact same offer for three years, paid upfront on maintenance, long-term deferred got up to 30% of total deferred at that point. I don’t see us getting to that level. In fact, I think long-term deferred moderates a bit looking at fiscal 2021 as a percent of total deferred versus where it is. But we’ll stay on top of that. And if to the extent we need to make an adjustment in that offering, we’ll make that adjustment. I certainly don’t want to see that run at a level that’s unattainable or unsustainable. I think, Brad, what may be implied in your question that you didn’t ask is, is this going to create a headwind for free cash flow. And so besides the comments I just made on kind of the steady state that I see multi-year getting to, bear in mind one other fact, and we’ve talked about this but not since last Investor Day, that as we look from fiscal 2020 out through fiscal 2023, more and more of our free cash flow, in fact the majority beginning of this year of our free cash flow will come from net income as opposed to coming off the balance sheet and growth in deferred revenue, right? So as we scale both the top line and improve our margins out through fiscal 2023 more and more of cash flow comes right off the P&L in net income versus coming in growth in deferred.
Andrew Anagnost: This is someplace where I have to chime in just a little bit since you mentioned the free cash flow ramp. One of the things I want to make sure we all kind of like think up on here, you look back three years, here we are three years later, okay, the business ended up free cash flow wise where we expected it to be. The path had numerous twists and turns, and numerous puts and takes. We modeled it according to certain assumptions. We adjusted those assumptions as we went along. We have an execution machine that knows how to adapt. I just want you to remember, when we give you three-year targets, we are fairly confident we know where we’re going and we know how the free cash flow is going to ramp and we know it’s going to continue to ramp. We also know how to adjust as we execute through here. And how to move forward and make sure things happen the way they need to happen. And I just told you before, the safest assumption is to assume we’re going to do what we tell you we’re going to do. And if there’s any kind of hidden things like Scott said in that question, I want you to know we’ve got our handles on the controls here for this business.
Brad Zelnick: Thank you for a very complete answer. Thank you.
Scott Herren: Sure. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty from JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Sterling Auty: Yes. Thanks guys. Two questions on the construction area. The first one is, when you look at your solutions now, where are the biggest pockets of users in your customer base, so is it GC subcontractors, owners, et cetera? Just to understand where you’re seeing the biggest buying power at the moment?
Andrew Anagnost: Okay. So right now GCs are some of our biggest customers, subs are starting to ramp up quite significantly, all right? Because remember, with the BuildingConnected network, we have a lot of access to subs now. So you’re engaged with the subsea ecosystem in a way that where you were never before. GCs are the biggest buyers. But you’ll also be surprised interdisciplinary engineering firms are big buyers as well because of their intimate connection to construction planning processes and things associated with that. But, yes, starting with the GCs, that has been moving down markets quite significantly as we’ve matured.
Scott Herren: Yes, we gave an example, in the opening commentary of our significant subcontractor.
Sterling Auty: All right. And then the one follow-up would be there’s a lot of components that make up that construction ecosystem from project management to bid management to the financials, et cetera. Can you highlight with the solutions that you have, where do you think your biggest areas of strength within that group is today? And directionally, where do you see building out that portfolio?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So there’s two anchors of strength that we have that are pretty deep, one is field execution. We are by far massively advantage on the field execution side. The other area that is closer to the front end of the process is in preconstruction planning. There’s another area where we’ve brought tools and capabilities close to the building information model and all the things associated with that that are pretty powerful. Now there’s one kind of thin layer of technology where we’ve been playing catch up and actually it’s not really a very deep technological mode to be honest, but it’s in project management and in project costing. That’s something where we’ve been investing a lot, it’s where a lot of the R&D investment has gone. That gap is closing incredibly rapidly. The team is just pounding out enhancements and that’s the area we pay attention to because it’s not technologically sophisticated, but it’s important and it’s one of the areas that we’ve deployed to add those things and that’ll allow us to connect, feel the preconstruction planning in a way that other people simply can’t.
Sterling Auty: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tyler Radke from Citi. Your line is now open.
Tyler Radke: Hey, thanks a lot for taking my question. So maybe you could just talk about this new pricing you’re doing on the multi-user that named user? And maybe just frame it in the context of some of the other pricing changes you’ve made. And in terms of financial benefit, what’s kind of the timeframe that you expect to see the uplift play out? And should we be thinking this is kind of a possible source of upside relative to the existing 2023 targets which were put out before this plan was announced? Thanks.
Andrew Anagnost: So, Tyler, are you referring to the premium plan or are you referring to the new multi-user price? The question I answered earlier. The pricing on multi-user, we don’t see a significant upside being generated by that. That was a tactical pricing action designed to prevent gaming as we headed into the two for one exchange in May. So it’s not – that is not an accretive change, Tyler, that’s going to drive business. The bigger story is the premium plan that layers on top of the multi-user plan that will be a long-term continuing opportunity for us. And it should be one of those things that increases your confidence in our ability to hit our FY2023 targets, all right? And I think that’s kind of the way you should look at it. Scott, did you want to add anything?
Scott Herren: No, I think that’s right. I think the gist of your question, Tyler, was around multi-user and we did touch on that earlier. And I think the only thing I’d add again is that the way we set the price and the trade in program around multi-user moving them all to named user was in sync with our analysis of how many named users today are being supported by a given multi-user. So it should be pretty much a wash for most of our multi-user customers.
Tyler Radke: Great. And as I think about the premium plan, sounds like that’s a multi-year event. I mean, as I think about the existing 2023 targets, I mean, those have been out there for a number of years now. Any chance that come Analyst Day that maybe we look at targets beyond that? Or what’s kind of your – how are you thinking about kind of long-term targets now that 2023 isn’t that far away?
Scott Herren: Yes, I’m not – I think I feel good about the targets that we’ve laid out for fiscal 2023. Let me start there. And we sort of glossed over it given all the other news that’s in the environment, but I’m pretty proud of the fact that we hit the number that we laid out three years ago for free cash flow at the end of fiscal 2021, which was no small task given the amount of transition we still had to go through and the changes we made in execution to get there. So we probably had to start there. That’s a big stake in the ground, a big milestone for us. Looking at fiscal 2023, I feel equally confident in our ability to hit the targets that we’ve got out there of $2.4 billion in free cash flow. Looking beyond that, I think we will continue to see the same trends that drive growth out through fiscal 2023, of course, extending beyond that. I think that relative magnitude of some of those will change. Obviously, construction will be a bigger driver as we go further out in time. I think where we’re headed with Fusion in the manufacturing world will become a bigger driver further out in time, but many of the same drivers that get us to those 2023 targets will extend well beyond fiscal 2023. I’m not inclined at this point to put another quantitative target out though beyond fiscal 2023.
Tyler Radke: Great. Thank you.
Scott Herren: Thanks, Tyler.
Operator: Thank you. At this time I’m showing no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Abhey Lamba for closing remarks.
Abhey Lamba: Thanks, operator, and thanks everyone for joining us today. We look forward to seeing you at our Analyst Day on March 25 at our San Francisco office. Please reach out if you have any questions following today’s call, I would like to register you for the Analyst Day. With that, we can end the call. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect.

===== 2020 Q3  (2019-11-26 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by. And welcome to the Autodesk Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers presentation there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to hand the conference over to you speaker today, Mr. Abhey Lamba, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
Abhey Lamba: Thanks, Operator, and good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our third quarter of fiscal 2020. On the line is Andrew Anagnost, our CEO; and Scott Herren, our CFO. Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. You can also find our earnings press release and a slide presentation on our Investor Relations Web site. We will also post a transcript of today's opening commentary on our Web site following this call. During the course of this conference call, we may make forward-looking statements about our outlook, future results, and strategies. These statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us. Actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to our SEC filings for important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. During the call, we will quote a number of numeric or growth changes as we discuss our financial performance, and unless otherwise noted each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. All non-GAAP numbers referenced in today's call are reconciled in the press release of slide presentation on our Investor Relations Web site. And now, I would like to turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks, Abhey. Building on our strong performance in Q2, we delivered another quarter of solid execution in results with revenue, billings, ARR, earnings, and free cash flow coming in ahead of expectations. For the first time we delivered over $1 billion in quarterly billings outside of a fourth quarter, and our last twelve months free cash flow came in at nearly $1 billion, breaking yet another company record. Broad based strength across our entire product portfolio and all geographic regions drove these results. We have strong momentum in Construction, are gaining share in Manufacturing, and we continue to make strides in converting the non-paying user base. Before we dig into details from the quarter, I want to recognize the hard work put in by the entire Autodesk team, especially our colleagues in the bay area who ensured that our business did not experience any disruptions despite our San Rafael office, and many employees’ homes being without power due to wildfires in the final days of the quarter. Our business continuity planning was flawless and the entire team went the extra mile to ensure that we did not miss a beat under very difficult circumstances. Now, let me turn it over to Scott to give you more details on our third quarter results as well as details of our fiscal 2020 guidance. I’ll then return with insights on key drivers of our business and provide an update on the progress of our strategic initiatives before we open it up for Q&A.
Scott Herren: Thanks, Andrew. As Andrew mentioned, revenue, billings, ARR, earnings and free cash flow all performed ahead of expectations during the third quarter. Revenue growth of 28% was driven by strength across the board, with subscription revenue as the biggest driver. Acquisitions from the fourth quarter of last year contributed four percentage points of growth. The revenue upside versus our guidance was largely driven by deals with up-front revenue recognition, including those with the federal government or that include certain products like Vault and VRED. Some of these transactions were targeted for the fourth quarter and closed early. Overall, we’re very pleased with our strong execution in the quarter. Total ARR grew by 28%, which is impressive in light of a tough year-on-year compare. Our Cloud ARR grew164% tied to strong performance in Construction. Excluding $113 million of ARR from acquisitions, growth in our organic cloud portfolio came in at 35%. BIM 360 Design was once again the biggest driver of our organic Cloud revenue growth, with strength across all regions. Indirect and direct revenue mix remained at 70% and 30% respectively. Revenue from our AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT products grew 29% in the third quarter. AEC revenue increased 36% and Manufacturing rose 15%. Geographically, we saw broad-based strength across all regions. Revenue grew 30% in Americas and APAC, while EMEA grew by 24%. Our maintenance to subscription program, or M2S, now in its third year, continued to yield great results. The M2S conversion rate increased to an all-time high of 40%. The uptick in the conversion rate was expected as our maintenance renewal prices increased by 20% in the second quarter, making it more cost-effective for customers to move to subscription. Of those that migrated, upgrade rates came in at 21% in line with expectations. Net revenue retention rate continued to be within the range of 110% to 120% during the third quarter, and we expect it to be within this range in Q4. Similar to Q1, some of the deeply discounted three-year subscriptions from a previous promotion came up for renewal. This group of customers renewed closer to list price, and we were pleased to see the total value from the entire cohort grow. Billings grew 55% to more than $1 billion. The growth was driven by our organic business, contributions from Construction, and the return of multi-year contracts closer to historical levels. We believe our customers’ willingness to make long-term commitments to our solutions underscores the business criticality of our products. And we are closely monitoring the rate of multi-year buying to ensure it doesn’t create a headwind to future cash flows. Remaining performance obligations, or RPO, which is the sum of billed and unbilled deferred revenues, rose 32% and 6% sequentially to almost $3 billion. Current RPO, which represents the future revenues under contract expected to be recognized over the next 12 months, was $2.1 billion, an increase of 23%. This is a solid leading indicator of the strength of our business. On the margin front, we realized significant operating leverage as we continue to execute in the growth phase of our journey. Non-GAAP gross margins were very strong at 92%, slightly up quarter over quarter and up two percentage points versus last year. Revenue growth, combined with our disciplined approach to expense management enabled us to expand our non-GAAP operating margin by 13 percentage points to 27%. We are on track to deliver further margin expansion in Q4 and approximately 40% non-GAAP operating margin in fiscal 2023. Moving to free cash flow, we generated $267 million in Q3. Over the last twelve months, we generated a record $972 million of free cash flow, demonstrating the power of our subscription model and strength of our products. Lastly, we continue to repurchase shares with our excess cash, which is consistent with our capital allocation strategy. During the third quarter, we repurchased 856,000 shares for $124 million at an average price of $144.49 per share. Year-to-date we have repurchased 1.7 million shares for $264 million at an average price of $156.16 per share. In addition, we paid down another $100 million on the term loan associated with the fourth quarter fiscal 2019 acquisitions and intend to repay the remaining $150 million by the end of fiscal 2020. Now I’ll turn the discussion to our outlook. Our view of global economic conditions and their impact on our business remains unchanged from last quarter. As you will soon hear from Andrew, customers continue to increase their spending on our products even in segments experiencing some near-term headwinds. Our full-year revenue outlook has been updated for the upside we experienced in the third quarter, partially offset by the early signing of some transactions initially targeted for the fourth quarter. At the mid-point of our updated guidance, we are calling for revenue and ARR growth to be approximately 27% and 25%, respectively. Additionally, currency is now expected to drive an incremental headwind of about $5 million to our full year revenue. We are adjusting our ARR outlook as some of the expected Q4 upfront subscription revenue was recognized in the third quarter. Additionally, fourth quarter ARR is being impacted modestly by the currency headwind. As a reminder, we calculate ARR by multiplying our reported quarterly subscription and maintenance revenues times four. Our billings forecast has been updated to reflect our strong performance and the momentum behind multi-year deals. We expect long term deferred revenue to be in the mid 20% range of total deferred revenue at the end of the year. Strong billings and operational execution are driving the upside to our free cash flow outlook for fiscal 2020, which is now expected to be $1.30 billion to $1.34 billion. Looking at our guidance for the fourth quarter, we expect total revenue to be in the range of $880 million to $895 million, and we expect non-GAAP EPS of $0.86 to $0.91. The earnings slide deck on the investor relations section of our website has more details as well as modeling assumptions. Looking out to fiscal 2021, we expect continued strength, with revenue and free cash flow growing in the low 20% range. In line with our normal practice, we will provide a more detailed fiscal 2021 forecast on our next earnings call. In summary, I want to remind everyone that since our business model shift, we have moved to a much more resilient business model that generates a very steady stream of revenues, less exposed to macro swings than when we were selling perpetual licenses. We are committed to driving revenue growth while expanding operating margins. We delivered revenue growth plus free cash flow margin of 62% in the last twelve months and plan to end the year at around 67%. Overall, I'm proud of our performance and are confident of delivering on our near-term and long-term targets. Now, I’d like to turn it back to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks, Scott. As you heard, resiliency of our business model combined with strong momentum in our products and great execution by the team helped deliver another outstanding quarter despite continued uncertainty in some parts of the world. In terms of the macro conditions, demand remained relatively in line with the second quarter. The business environment and our results improved slightly in the UK and central Europe, and our commercial business in China continues to perform well despite a slow down in state owned enterprises. During the quarter Robertson Group, one of the largest independently owned construction companies in the UK to cover the entire construction lifecycle, significantly increased their adoption of our BIM 360 portfolio. The company deployed our software on over 60 projects over the last three years and estimates a 28% increase in productivity. This is an incredible return on investment. We are thrilled to be partnering with a company prioritizing such impressive continuous improvement. In another example, one of the largest automotive parts suppliers in central Europe nearly doubled their EBA commitment with us this quarter. With the move to electric vehicles, the customer knows innovation is needed to stay ahead of the competition. So they are investing in retooling their factory and migrating from 2D to 3D. Our customers understand the benefits of investing in growth opportunities under all kinds of economic conditions. These examples underscore the importance of our products regardless of the macro environment as well as our customers' commitment to investing in technology to stay ahead of competitors. Last week, we hosted 12,000 people at Autodesk University and customers walked away excited about our current products and our vision for their industries. In fact, 32% more customers attended the conference this year than in the previous year. Across the board, customers are looking to Autodesk to help them digitally transform their businesses and make them more competitive. Before I go into strategic updates from the quarter, let me also acknowledge that, for the fifth consecutive year, AU Las Vegas was a carbon neutral event. This sustainable effort is reinforced and expanded by Autodesk’s commitment to achieve company carbon neutrality in 2020. We’re also delivering and continuing to investigate ways to help customers realize their sustainability goals through automation and insights in our technology. In fact, over the next few years, we intend to ramp up our financial commitment to this work by investing approximately 1% of operating profits in the Autodesk Foundation. Now, let me give you an update on some of the key initiatives, specifically our continued traction within Construction, gains in Manufacturing, and successes in monetizing our non-paying user base. These are the initiatives that continue to be key drivers of our business. In Construction, the breadth and depth of our product portfolio continues to make our offerings more compelling for our customers. In the last two years, the number of participants from the Construction industry at Autodesk University increased over seven-fold to approximately 3,500. At AU this year, we announced Autodesk Construction Cloud, which combines our advanced technology with the industry’s largest network of builders and powerful predictive insights to drive more productivity, predictability and profitability for companies across the construction lifecycle. Autodesk Construction Cloud is comprised of our best-of-breed construction solutions, Assemble, BuildingConnected, BIM 360 and PlanGrid, and connects these solutions with Autodesk’s unmatched design technology, such as AutoCAD, and our 3D modeling solutions Revit and Civil 3D. The announcement included more than 50 new product enhancements across the portfolio and deeper integrations, including powerful new artificial intelligence that helps construction teams identify and mitigate design risks before problems occur. Autodesk Construction Cloud is being well received by customers and supports our long-term plan. PlanGrid and BuildingConnected continued their momentum, delivering $113 million in ARR with growth coming from new customers as well as adoption by existing Autodesk customers. During the quarter, one of Australia’s largest construction and infrastructure companies expanded its relationship with us by adding PlanGrid and BIM 360 to its existing product set. The transaction resulted in the largest new product agreement for PlanGrid globally and the largest regional enterprise deal to date. We are helping the company adopt cloud-based technologies to improve project delivery and safety. The depth and breadth of our solutions, that many other vendors in the space cannot deliver, is very appealing to our customers. For example, we enhanced our relationship with EBC, one of Canada’s leading construction companies focused on infrastructure, buildings and natural resources, by adding BuildingConnected to their existing portfolio of Assemble and BIM 360 solutions. Our sales team demonstrated how we could help manage their systems more effectively and prepare them better for the future. We were able to meet their needs for the design and construction phases of the building lifecycle for both the commercial and infrastructure industry segments. We continue to focus our investments on infrastructure, which has performed well in prior downturns. This focus could offer us greater resiliency should the macro environment weaken. We recently announced availability of Collaboration for Civil 3D, which is now included with BIM 360 Design, and enables teams to collaborate on complex infrastructure projects. We also continue to gain market share in the infrastructure space. This quarter we significantly expanded our relationship with JR Group, made up of seven companies responsible for operating almost all of Japan’s inter-city and commuter rail services. As part of our strategic collaboration, all seven of the group’s companies will use our tools such as Revit, CIVIL 3D, and AutoCAD, over competitive offerings to develop a nationwide BIM rail standard. Moving to manufacturing, the business is performing extremely well as we continue to gain share from competitors with steady innovations in generative design and Fusion 360. We believe a large number of small and medium-sized businesses will look to upgrade their vendor stack over the next few years, which is a clear opportunity for us to grow market share. Similar to last quarter, we had a number of competitive displacements of SolidWorks, MasterCAM, and PTC Creo. For instance, a 3D display designer and manufacturer in North America replaced SolidWorks and MasterCAM with Fusion 360 because of its integrated design and CAM capabilities. In another instance, a manufacturer of plastic machined components in the UK displaced SolidWorks and another CAM vendor with Fusion 360 in their design and manufacturing workflow. The company was attracted to Fusion’s cloud based collaboration capabilities in addition to the integrated functionality and price point. Our success in Manufacturing is not limited to small and medium-sized businesses. We are making inroads in larger organizations as well. During the third quarter, Daifuku, chose Autodesk as the best design software partner to move from 2D to 3D solutions. Based in Japan, Daifuku is the worlds leading material handling systems supplier serving a variety of industries, including the manufacturing, distribution, airport, and automotive sectors. With its new EBA the company has standardized on Inventor as its 3D platform and is also considering Revit for future building initiatives. We continue to invest in our Manufacturing solutions, in fact, some of you might have seen the exciting news coming out of Adutodesk University last week. We announced a partnership with ANSYS and our customers will soon have an option to use ANSYS’ simulation solutions while running our industry leading generative design workflows in Fusion 360. We also announced the introduction of a new end to end, design-through-make workflow for electronics in Fusion 360; providing key capabilities such as integrated PCB design and thermal simulation. This is something our customers have been asking for as the market for smart products continues to grow. With Fusion 360, users can take those electronic ideas and physically produce them in the same product development environment, bypassing the current disconnects between design, simulation and manufacturing that make data importing and translation necessary. Lastly, we are looking forward to meeting some of you at our Manufacturing event at the Autodesk Technology Center in Birmingham UK on Monday, December 2nd. At that time, you'll learn even more about our solutions and strategy in the space. Now, let’s close with an update of our progress with digital transformation and how it is allowing us to monetize the non-compliant user base. Our investments in our digital infrastructure have given us unprecedented access to non-compliant users’ product usage patterns. We continue to learn more about these users and are in the process of expanding our compliance programs in additional regions. During the quarter, we signed 19 license compliance deals over $500,000, including three over $1 million. The mix of deals over $500,000 was equally distributed by region and one of the million dollar plus transactions was with a commercial entity in China. Our approach to creating positive experiences for our customers as they become compliant is paying dividends. For instance, one large manufacturer in central Europe was paying for less than 10 manufacturing collections and had some old perpetual licenses. Our data indicated much higher usage. We worked closely with our partner and senior management at the company to identify and fix the non-compliant usage, resulting in almost a million-dollar contract. The experience provided during the process has opened the door for us to discuss competitive displacement to further expand their usage as they now view us as a true partner rather than a software vendor. I am excited about our year to date performance and looking forward to a strong close to the year. We continue to execute well in Construction, and are making competitive inroads in Manufacturing with our innovative solutions. I am also proud of the strides we are making in converting the current non-paying users into subscribers. Twenty years ago, Autodesk was known as the AutoCAD Company, today through the rapidly growing install base of 3D products like Revit, Inventor, Maya, and Fusion 360, we lead the market in bringing the power of 3D modeling and the cloud to all the industries we serve. We are highly confident in Autodesk’s ability to capitalize on not only our near term market opportunity, but also our long-term opportunity connected to the rise of AI driven 3D modeling in the cloud. Because of this, we remain committed to delivering on our fiscal 2023 goals. With that, Operator, we'd now like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Saket Kalia with Barclays. Your line is open.
Saket Kalia: Hey, Andrew, hey Scott; thanks for taking my questions here.
Scott Herren: Hey, Saket.
Saket Kalia: Hey, Scott maybe just to start with you just on the ARR guide and the adjustment. It sounded like there was a little bit of a tie-in with the upfront deals that signed in the quarter. I guess the question is, were these upfront deals that were originally expected to come in as subscription, but then came in as upfront? I guess from an ARR perspective I just -- I imagine signing it in Q3 as a subscription wouldn't make as much of a difference to Q4 ARR, but I'd love to just understand the dynamic there around the upfront deals this quarter and how it sort of impacted the ARR outlook for the year?
Scott Herren: Yes. It's a great question, Saket. Thanks for putting it out there. I think you are probably not the only one scratching their heads. Here’s the way you got to think about it. The -- if you step back and think of the way we define ARR, its actual reported subscription plus maintenance revenue for the quarter. And then we annualized it by multiplying by four. So we'll give you a full-year ARR number. What we're really saying is, just what we think our Q4 subscription revenue numbers -- subscription and maintenance revenue number will be times four. What you saw in Q3 is we had a fair amount of upside in the revenue line versus the midpoint of guide revenue was $18 million higher than the midpoint. Some of what drove that was upfront revenue. We always have a little bit of upfront revenue. So we have a couple of products, smaller products that under ASC 606 don't qualify for ratable treatment. So we sell them just like a subscription. They look -- the economics of them looked like a subscription. The customer buys it. They have to renew in 12 months. But under 606 you have to claim on that revenue upfront. It's small product like Vault that fall in this category. What happened in Q3 is we had a handful of deals for this small product set that we felt were coming in Q4. Actually we got closed in Q3, and because they are upfront that revenue moved out of Q4 and into Q3. And there's no tail. There's no ongoing -- all of their revenue is recognized upfront. This happens every quarter, but this was particularly magnified where we had a handful of these deals that we thought were coming in Q4, actually came in Q3 instead. So, good news is Q3 looks super strong. The downside is that creates a headwind to the Q4 subscription and maintenance revenue and therefore to the Q4 ARR calculation. So it's kind of a combination of ASC 606 in the way it treats. So just a small subset of our products and then how that gets rippled through in the way we calculate ARR, which is actual reported revenue times four. What's important to remember is a couple of things. One is, the way the rev rec works is not necessarily -- it doesn't reflect the economics of the transaction. We sell these on a subscription basis and they look to our customers just like any other subscription. So there's changes there are isn’t reflective of any kind of change in the overall economics of our business. I think the second is, when you peel back the growth that we're going to see in subscription revenue this year and you can derive this from the guidance we just gave you, Saket, we see subscription revenue continuing to grow for the full year, because that's an accumulated metric. It's Q1 plus Q2, plus Q3, plus Q4. When revenue moves across quarter lines, it doesn't matter when you aggregate it to the full year. For the full-year we see subscription revenues growing into 29% to 30% range. So still feel strong about that. We just got this anomaly between kind of the way 606 treats a small subset of products and how that gets reflected in our ARR. That's what you see in the ARR guidance change.
Saket Kalia: Yes. Sure. That makes sense. It sounds like those Vault deals were maybe term subscriptions which under 606 kind of requires that that upfront…?
Scott Herren: It has more to do with the product, Saket, than the way we sell it. We sell it just like we sell every other product. 12 months you -- they pay us upfront. They get access to the product at the end of that 12-month period they either renew and continue to use the product or they don't renew and they lose access to the product. So it's really transparent to a customer. It's more -- some of the details of the offering itself under 606 don't qualify for ratable treatments.
Saket Kalia: Got it. If I can ask a quick follow-up for you, Andrew, just to get off accounting. I mean really interesting development in the CAD market. Just more talk about SaaS adoption. Obviously we saw Onshape got acquired. And clearly you compete here with tools like Fusion 360. But curious how you think about SaaS adoption in CAD? And what if anything that deals can mean for Autodesk competitively?
Andrew Anagnost: First off, let me just kind of say that I have a lot of respect for John Herstig and the work that he has done over the years. I’ve respect for Jim Heppelmann and the work he has done in the past. And I think there are important forces in this industry, but the way this is all coming down and characterized is just off. Okay. So let's talk about what we all agree on and what's happening, what's really happening in the markets. So here we all agree on. Multi-tenant SaaS is the future of our business. It's the future of the entire software because I have been saying this for seven years now, okay? Seven years and we've been executing on it for seven years. Fusion 360 is a multi-tenant SaaS offering with the SaaS business model. Here's the other thing we agree on. What does this SaaS means? It means three important things. Data; the cloud is going to revolutionize data flow in the manufacturing and product development industry. Is just going to revolutionize multi-disciplinary data flow, data flow across various parts of supply, it just going to revolutionize data flow, compute, compute power. We're able to deploy compute power through the cloud in ways we've never been able to before, what we do a [general] [ph] design, that's all computed off the desktop. It's all – that is all a cloud compute exercise. And then the last thing I think we all agree on that. We don't – I'll talk about this equally and some of us are actually executing on it, is that we can layer machine learning on top of this data layer and with this compute and we can start doing predictive analytics and all sorts of predictive and insightful studies on top of what people do. Some of our general design algorithms already incorporate machine learning with regards to how they integrate CAM. So we all agree on that. All right? It's the uniform - and we're all building that to some degree. We’re I think quite a bit ahead and I'll get to that in a minute But here is what we don't agree on is how you do it. All right? And there is a big difference between the way Fusion and Onshape works. Fusion has taken a strategy where we have a thin client which is a browser and we have a thick client which is installed on the desktop and worked on that cloud data layer. The thin client and thick clients see the world exactly the same. They can't operate without the cloud behind it. There are dead without it. The reason we have the thick client is we're solving an additional problem. It's end-to-end workflow all the way from design to CAM, electronics and all these things. So we're putting a huge amount of power in there that you want – if you want to get in there in order to solve the bigger problem. Onshape put CAD in the browser, a thin client. We knew from our thin client experiments early on, which is like seven years ago, that don't work, okay? That boat don't float. And one thing we've just seen from this acquisition is we were right. What was Onshape installed base? Eight years into this experiment, 5,000 subscribers. We did more than that. We added more subscribers to the Fusion base in Q3 than that entire installed base. So we're talking tens of thousands of paid Fusion subscribers. And we're talking about 5,000 subscribers for Onshape. We know exactly why, because that thin client only solution doesn't work. You need a thin client and a thick client. Sure the thick client will probably get thinner over time, but that's what you need today. And you also need a new business model with the different prices and the different options. So, we just have a different view of how to do it. And we're pretty convinced we're way ahead. I think the data now -- now that we can see the data, we're now confirming that we're way ahead. But that's kind of where we're at. We all see the world the same way. We're executing on it differently and the market is voting with its wallet.
Saket Kalia: Very helpful guys. Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks, Saket.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Sterling Auty: Yes. Thanks. Hi guys. I'm wondering at this part of the transition you mentioned the increase in the maintenance pricing, but what are the additional levers that you have to drive increases in ARR growth on a dollar basis moving forward?
Scott Herren: Sterling, it's a lot of the same factors that we've talked about. So, obviously the renewal base continues to grow. That renewal base comes to us at a better set the price realization than a net new does. We continue to drive growth out of construction. And you saw. We gave you some of the data points both in the opening commentary and in the press release. Construction business drove a $113 million of ARR in third quarter. So, we continue to see strong growth there as well. Well, the core basically grows to a certain degree every year. We've -- I'd say 6% to 8% growth in the core every year. So the same factors we've always talked about that will continue to drive that growth. I think one thing to bear in mind;, we're in year three of the M2S program. And maybe the very first cohort of interest customers we signed. We've locked in their price for three years depends at the end of that time we said they revert to the terminal price, which for that set of customers will be about 11% price increase. We begin to see the front edge of that even for the M2S base that's been locked in. It will start to ripple in the second quarter of next year. So, besides just our annual price increase rhythm that we've gotten on, there is a few embedded price increases that will be coming through over the next few years as well. So, piracy recapture, construction, renewal base growth into an embedded price increases is what will drive it longer-term.
Sterling Auty: Got it. And then the one follow-up would be your kind of surpassed already what you expect in terms of long-term deferred as the mix. You talked about the percentage of multiyear deals. What I'm kind of curious about is what is the collection terms that you're offering to drive some of the collection of these multiyear deals?
Scott Herren: You know, its standard three years upfront, 10% discount. I think you see most companies that sell on an annual subscription basis will offer that kind of 10% is obviously a bit better than the cost of money over three years, but not a whole lot more. And there's no extended ARR terms. There's nothing else that goes with that. What I'd say just to perhaps get it what's underneath your questions, Sterling is, we're monitoring that very carefully. And one of the reasons that I went ahead and gave you some headlights on fiscal 2021 both revenue growing in the low 20% range and free cash flow growing in the low 20% range is I didn't want there to be this building perception that because multi-years reverting to the mean, but that was somehow upgrading a headwind and we wouldn't be able to see the same kind of free cash flow growth next year. Obviously it's an outsized growth this year going from $300 million of free cash flow in fiscal 2019 to 1.3 billion to 1.34 billion this year. But we see that growing another 20% next year in fiscal 2021. So we're monitoring the multi-year -- the percent of sales multiyear very closely. And if we see it begin to run too hot where we think it's not sustainable and it will begin to create a headwind. We'll modify the offering.
Sterling Auty: Got it. Thank you.
Scott Herren: Thanks Sterling.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Winslow with Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Phil Winslow: Hey, thanks guys for taking my question and congrats on a good quarter. Just question on the next year's outlook its building on your comments just now. When you think about the macro comments that you've made in terms of geographies, as well as the different verticals. How are you thinking about the puts and takes for 2021 and then just one quick follow-up to that?
Scott Herren: Yes. Did you say for 2021?
Phil Winslow: Yes.
Scott Herren: Yes. So first off let me comment on kind of how we view things since we talked last quarter. There really hasn't been a fundamental change in our view of the market right now. In fact, a few things got a little bit better, right? The UK and Germany are still performing below our expectations, but they're growing and they showed a slight improvement in Q4 relative – I mean, Q3. I can't see that far in the future yet. In Q3 relative to what we saw in Q2. The same goes for China. We're still not doing any business with the state-owned enterprises, but the business continued to grow just below our expectation. So we actually saw a little bit about firming up not a deterioration in the business, which is a good sign. Now as we look into next year, we're not seeing any fundamental change in the places where we've seen weakness. But more importantly, there's a trend going on that I want you to pay attention to which is a tailwind for us as we move into any situation that we see in the next year and how we feel about next year. People are moving more and more rapidly to the model-based solutions we're deploying and the cloud-based solutions we're deploying, because they see those as fundamental to their competitive shift. There are competitive dynamics. We're seeing a continued acceleration of BIM. That's going to continue into next year. BIM mandates, BIM project specs is going to continue. Inventor and Fusion 360 are growing as we head into next year. And the momentum on construction is solid. In addition to that one of the things that we always see as anti cyclical as we head into any kind of environment is infrastructure, and over the last year we've been investing in infrastructure capabilities in our products and a lot of those are going to show up next year and they're going to show up both with regards to some of our construction portfolio and some of our design portfolio. So we feel pretty good heading into next year. And that's one of the reasons why in the opening commentary we affirmed this low single-digits growth in free cash flow for next year.
Andrew Anagnost: Low 20.
Scott Herren: Yes. Low 20. Didn't did I say it's low 20. Sorry. Thank you for correcting. That would have been -- that would have - definitely have said somebody, that your low 20s -- to low 20% cash flow increase year-over-year.
Phil Winslow: Great. That's great color. Thank you. And then just a follow-up on that for Scott obviously you're not guiding to operating income or operating expenses, but also just help me think about sort of the framework for next year, because obviously this is investment year plus acquisitions, just high level, give us your thought process on the expense side. Then I will get back into queue.
Scott Herren: Okay. Alright. Thanks Phil on that. One of the things that we've said is we expected growth – spend growth and also COGS plus OpEx between 20 and 23 to be in this high single to low double-digit range. If you look at the growth we had this year spend growth and the guidance will be about 9%. But the overwhelming majority of that came via acquisition. So the organic business has been roughly flat now for about four years and there is some pent-up demand for increased sales capacity for continued investment in digitization. So, what I would model for fiscal 2021 is something towards the higher end of that low single to double-digit – sorry, high single to low double-digit range. So closer to the low double-digit range for fiscal 2021, but then averaging out in that high single to low double throughout fiscal 2023. Does that get what you're asking about that?
Phil Winslow: Yes. That's perfect. Thank you very much.
Scott Herren: Thanks, Phil.
Andrew Anagnost: We're experiencing some digit dyslexia here.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you. I guess just two quick ones, but one just following up on what Phil was just talking about. If you look out to next year would you say that the environment that you're expecting the environment to be stronger weaker or the same than what you had this year when you're when you're thinking about the puts and takes of everything you were just talking about? And then just was wondering how do you think about in the context of what you were just saying about expense growth. How do you think about managing operating margins if the macro-environment did start to go against you? I am just trying to think about the trade-off between driving growth versus protecting margins, if you could just share with us your philosophy there? Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost: So we absolutely expect things to stay fairly consistent heading into next year. I like to highlight the counter cyclical aspects of our business right now with regards to BIM mandates, with regards to the momentum around displacing SolidWorks and Mastercam and smaller accounts for fusion with regards to digitization and construction, with regards to infrastructure because these are important things to keep in mind. But our assumptions into next year is places where we saw our soft already continued to be soft relative to our expectations. And we're going to continue to see kind of the same thing heading into the rest of the markets. I'll let Scott comment on the investment model.
Scott Herren: Yes. The only thing I'd add to what Andrew just said before I jumping on spend management is, we do think by the way there continues to be an accelerating opportunity that's not necessarily tied to overall macro spend environment in areas like construction and the momentum that you see us gaining in piracy recapture. Understood management question, Heather, you see us really exercise good spend management muscles for four consecutive years at this point. I feel good about our ability to do that. I mentioned that there is pent-up demand for spend there is. But to the extent that we see the business beginning to trend lower than what we expected of course we'll tighten up on that front. I think it's a muscle that we built. That doesn't -- it's taken time. It doesn't go away overnight. So I think you can expect us to continue to be diligent in management. That said with the revenue growth we're expecting, next year we will not only grow revenues, we'll be able to grow spend and expand margins. We are expecting expanded operating margins next year versus this year. So I think we're pretty well-positioned from a spend management standpoint next year.
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you.
Scott Herren: Thanks Heather.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Your line is open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you and good evening. Andrew, I was pretty intrigued by your several references to infrastructure which is a business that as you know once upon a time the Company broke out and it looks as though it's still about a quarter to a third of your total AEC business even after including ACS. And so I'm wondering if that's a business that you might revert to reporting out in some way and also just talk about what you think the growth potential is of infrastructure as a proportion of the total legacy revenue? And then as follow-up longer-term question as well regarding your sales mix. That is to say your 50-50 mix expectations direct and indirect we'd have to wreck potentially be in the store. On that point could you talk about whether you're still confident in the stores becoming half of half or a quarter of the total. What are the limitations you think or risks to that trajectory of growth for the store? And if it doesn't come through how are you thinking about reverting spending or redirecting spending and sales development back towards named account direct and channel?
Andrew Anagnost: Okay. So you asked a couple of questions there. So let me let me start on the infrastructure questions. So, no, we're not going to be breaking out the business or providing any more color on what's percentage. But what I can tell you is that we've made some deliberate investments in rail and road, some of those have already shown up this year, more we're going to show up early next year that are targeted at where we believe some of the sweet spots in spending are going to be in areas where we have strength. You might have also noticed that we moved similar Civil 3D into the BIM 360 design environment. So now the same collaborative power that we have on Revit models is available for Civil 3D models. That's important. That was something that customers were looking for. And another thing we're doing that you'll start to see progress on is this notion of a common data environment, which is really important to infrastructure projects. And it's important to particularly infrastructure projects in Europe, but even in the U.S., people are really interested in these ISO-compliant, common data environment. That's going to be showing up really soon as well. So we have made some clear targeted investments that we believe allow us to go where the real opportunity is in that space. And on top of that, if you've been following what's happening with InfraWorks that products really growing up. And it's integration with Esri, and some of the things we've done there are actually pretty compelling and pretty interesting. Now with regards to the long-term targets, alright, so you're right. Right now about we're at 30% between direct and indirect. And the reason for that is not that the stores growing. The store is growing a lot, all right. It's still our fastest growing channel in the Company, okay? So, our digital direct channel is still the fastest-growing channel in the company. It's a fastest growing. Why isn't it showing more progress towards the goal? The truth the matter is, is that the channel grew well, too, all right. It grew robustly. And I think we should all celebrate that. And at the same time what happens is because right now the store is essentially majority an LT channel. That's not totally true because we sell the whole portfolio there. And we capture a lot of construction solutions usually direct. It's margin neutral right now, because the margin we make off of LT to the channel into the stores the same. So we're getting the same economics. That said, I'm not backing away at all from the 50-50 split or the 25 -- the half of that direct being from the digital direct channels. We're still going to achieve that. Remember, I always characterized that as a long-term target. And there's lots of things that haven't lit up yet that are going to help with that. Things associated with piracy recapture things associated with construction. There's a whole set of things over the next few years that are going to go into tip the balance on that number. So we're still confident. We're getting the economics we want. So we're getting the price realization. We want especially on the things that would most likely go digital direct. So we are still committed to that mix long term.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost: You're welcome.
Scott Herren: Thanks Jay.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Matt Hedberg: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my questions. The results of converting non-compliant users was impressive. I guess, first of all, was this the best quarter for converting these non-compliant users? And then on a go-forward basis should we expect more of the same as this cadence or are there additional steps that can, in fact, convert even more of these users?
Andrew Anagnost: So Matt, here here's a few things I wanted to characterize there. First off, we're absolutely on the plan that we always intended for this model. Every year we're taking a set of steps that we believe we are going to materially improve our penetration into the non-compliant base. And every year there'll be a set of new steps that we believe will provide some additional ramp-up in that space as well. So what do we do this year? We rolled out in product communication and tracking of how the priority of user journey -- the non-compliant user at journeys through the lifecycle of learning their non-compliant and what options they take as they travel through that cycle. We introduced those things we rolled it out throughout the year across more and more countries. And yes, we're seeing results that we expected primarily through two things. One, we're increasing better leads to our inside license compliance teams and we are converting people digitally as well through some of the digital communication. But the digital communication also creates these better leads. To put in context we have to kind of get a sense for what happened. Last year we did 21 deals over $500,000 in piracy whole entire year, 21 deals. In Q3 alone we did 19 deals over $500,000. So you can see yes, we are seeing increases in momentum. And there's a whole slew of things that we'll talk about later. There will be doing next year that will provide us to not only get even more intelligence on this space but make it more challenging for the base to jump to another pirated solution. Okay? And that will be a discussion for later. But this is to plan. Every year there's something that rolls out and every year we seem to be getting the results that we want from this program. And given what we know we're doing next year we feel confident we're going to continue to get the results we expect to get.
Matt Hedberg: Super helpful, Andrew. And then maybe, Scott just a quick one for you. On the multiyear renewals it's good to hear that, these are renewing closer to list price. Just a quick question, I wonder if you could comment on the churn you're seeing for these? Is it about what do you expect? That piece would be helpful.
Scott Herren: Yes. Matt it is. And to be clear what I was talking about it is if you remember in Q3 of fiscal 2018, as we started down this path of selling nothing but subscriptions, we offered a promotion for legacy customers turning in your perpetual license. And for a 50% discount you can get three years of the same product on product subscription. That was actually quite a successful. If you remember we get over 40,000 of those. That three-year term came due during this last quarter. While we saw, we expected there to be a higher than normal churn rate and we didn't see that. But the aggregate value of that customer set actually grew. So I think the promotion was quite successful. I've got people to try to move over to the product subscription and the aggregate value after renewal and they renewed closer to list, not in a 50% discount grow over that timeframe. So it was successful, but it did create a little bit of a headwind on our volume renewal basis.
Andrew Anagnost: On a unit basis.
Scott Herren: On a unit basis. Remember we started talking about renewal also as net revenue retention rate or sometimes I'll call it in our three -- and our three for the quarter continued to run in that 110% to 120% range overall. So this was -- it was accretive to that metric.
Matt Hedberg: That's great. Well done guys. Thanks Matt
Scott Herren: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Hamza Fodderwala: Hey guys. It's Hamza Fodderwala in for Keith Weiss. Thank you for taking my question. I just wanted to go back to the fiscal 2020 ARR outlook. So it looks like it was lower by about a 0.5 at the midpoint part of that was FX. And some of that was upfront revenue. Any sense that we could get for the magnitude of the greater upfront revenue because I mean to me it seems like the macro situation in Europe and North America was sequentially better. So I guess why wouldn't that carry forward into Q4 and reaffirmed the 25% to 27% growth outlook that you gave last quarter?
Scott Herren: Yes. Tom, the amount of upfront revenue that moved from Q4 back into Q3 was about 5 million. So that was -- that contributed to the upside in Q3 revenue. But remember the way we do ARR, subscription revenue times four. That by itself was a $20 million headwind to ARR in the fourth quarter. The fact is – but remember, that's upfront revenue. So there is no tail of deferred once we put that in. And because of 606 we have the claim all that revenue upfront. There is no Q4 impact of those. It just moved from Q4 back into Q3. That you see the full-year revenue. We see we've guided that point up, because float revenue is an accumulated metric. It's one plus Q2 plus Q3 plus Q4. ARR just taken a snapshot of Q4 subscription and maintenance revenue and multiply by four. So the midpoint of that ARR guidance change was $30 million. Twenty of it was just driven by this effect was about $5 million of incremental headwind from FX and about the same amount of just product mix. Does that does that clear up in your mind the move from Q4 back to Q3 and why it's an impact to ARR?
Hamza Fodderwala: Yes. So i guess ex those changes, would ARR growth have been sort of reiterated if it wasn't for those onetime impact?
Scott Herren: Absolutely. Exactly. And the interesting thing about this Tom is, the economics of our business by the way are completely divorced from the rev ramp issue that we're talking about. The economics of the business are unchanged. It just between having the claim that as non-ratable upfront revenue and moving it back into Q3, and the way we define ARR as quarterly revenue. It's that combination that drove the change in Q4 ARR.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. This is an interesting collision between the way we define ARR and the 606 accounting rules.
Hamza Fodderwala: Yes. It's always exciting. So I guess just one quick follow-up. So the billings obviously came in much stronger than expected. To what extent is the shift to multiyear deals performing better than you expected coming into the year? And should we expect that long-term DR mix to continue trending higher because it's already kind of around the mid-20% range of total that we've seen historically? That's it for me.
Scott Herren: Okay. Thanks for that too. Billings growth at 55% and over a $1 billion of billings in Q3 super strong. And the biggest factor driving that is the growth of our renewal base. That has nothing to do with multi-years. Is just the overall growth of renewal base. Beyond that the contribution from our construction business, construction continues to perform really well. With the noise around the ARR guide, we haven't really focused on the success of our construction business as much as we probably should have. It continues to perform really well and it's driving upside to our billings as well. Multi-year is part of it and you're right, we're already add long-term deferred at about 25% of total deferred. If you go back historically by the way, back into fiscal 2017 and 2018 before we began this transition, by long-term deferred ran as high as 30% of total deferred at one point. I don't think it gets back to that level. I think we keep it in this low to mid-20% range in terms of long-term as a percent of total. To the extent that it ran hot and I said this earlier in other words we were selling more multi-year than I thought we could sustain longer-term. I'd like to make a change in the offering. What I don't want to do is drive volatility and free cash flow because of the offering we've got out there for multiyear. At this point I don't think we've done that. But if it continued to accelerate that something we take a look at.
Hamza Fodderwala: Thank you very much.
Scott Herren: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brad Zelnick with Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Brad Zelnick: Great. Thanks so much for fitting me. Andrew, you highlighted the launch of Autodesk Construction Cloud at AU this year. What excites you most about the offering? How is the customer feedback into the launch? And how do you see it driving growth next year?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. What excites me a lot about this is the way we are unifying the whole entire stack around this common data environment and it's a real great return on the investment we made in BIM 360 docs, because that entire environment is becoming the common data environment and PlanGrid integrating into it, BuildingConnected integrating into it. The existing BIM 360 stack has already integrated into it. And everybody is looking at this insight internally within the development saying wow this is this is an amazing opportunity for us to bring these things together. So the whole ability to have a conversation with the customers about here's the umbrella brand and how we're bringing all these things together so that they actually communicate is a really exciting part of this. And I think it's going to come rapidly and customers are going to be delighted. When we rolled it out there were 50 new enhancements and there's a reason why those 50 new enhancements were in there is because we invested in acceleration of the integrations with respect to some of these things were moving faster not slowing down. I'm really excited about the pace of what's going on. I'm excited about what the team has been doing. And I'm frankly excited about how well we're winning in the market. People look at what we're doing. They look five years out at the landscape and they say okay I'm going to place my bet with Autodesk. And I think that's a credit to the team. I guess, credit to the momentum they've kept in here. And I think the whole story around construction cloud and the way they rolled it out and told you it is really a great piece of work by the team. So I'm really proud of them.
Brad Zelnick: Awesome. And Andrew, if I could just add another one for you. Your results seem to demonstrate continued success in executing on M&A. How should we think about your appetite for additional deals in both construction and manufacturing?
Andrew Anagnost: Well, we've always said that as we look out to the business we will continue to be acquisitive as we were in the past at the very least. We always look at the market for organic and inorganic opportunities. Right now we feel like our construction portfolio has most of what it needs. We're partnering aggressively. We could potentially do tech tuck-ins around the construction solution. As we look into other parts of the market you know we'll just have to wait and see. What you see as we've demonstrated an ability to capture significant inorganic targets integrate them and turn them into results. And I think that's one of the things you should notice regardless of whatever we do in the future that we become a serious machine around focusing around what are the real inorganic opportunities, how do we bring them in and then how do you make them successful. And that's our commitment to our customers and to the market.
Brad Zelnick: Excellent. Thanks so much.
Scott Herren: Thanks, Brad.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from Jason Celino with KeyBanc Capital. Your line is open.
Jason Celino: Hey guys. Thanks for taking my question. Building off the last question about the construction cloud announcement, sounds like it's more of a branding grouping all your portfolio products. But what was some of the initial customer feedback that you've heard?
Scott Herren: Yes. The customer feedback has been really solid and here's why, because if the customers don't react to the branding, they don't spend a lot of energy on that, but they do is they react to what we do. All right. So we like the branding because it helps us communicate simply. We were not propagating multiple brands out there. It allows us to focus our go-to-market efforts. It allows us to communicate more precisely at the company. The customers pay attention to what have you done for me. And what they were excited about at the Connect and Construct Event and all the discussions there is the feature velocity. All right. They're seeing us delivering on the integrations that we said we were going to deliver and there are watching us closely. Every quarter they're going to see, do we do we say we're going to do? Do we do we said we were going to do. So that's what the customers are excited about. They really loved the fact that we're integrating to a common data environment and we're building an ISO standard excepted common data environment. That's something that everybody gets us sums up on. They're really excited with the increased scalability and performance on BIM 360 design which was an area where they were kind of pushing on us a little bit. So those are the kind of things that customers are paying attention to. The branding makes it easier for us to tell the world what we are doing, so that you're going to see us basically amplify that, but the customers care about what we do not what we say.
Jason Celino: Great. Appreciate the color. Thank you.
Scott Herren: Thanks Jason.
Operator: Thank you. And that ends our Q&A session for today. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2020 Q2  (2019-08-27 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for your patience. You've joined Autodesk Q2 Fiscal Year 2020 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference may be recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to your host, Abhey Lamba, VP of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Abhey Lamba: Thanks, Operator, and good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our second quarter of fiscal '20. On the line is Andrew Anagnost, our CEO; and Scott Herren, our CFO. Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. You can also find our earnings press release and a slide presentation on our Investor Relations Web site. We will also post a transcript of today's opening commentary on our Web site following this call. During the course of this conference call, we may make forward-looking statements about our outlook, future results, and strategies. These statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us. Actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to our SEC filings for important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. During the call, we will quote a number of numeric or growth changes as we discuss our financial performance, and unless otherwise noted each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. All non-GAAP numbers referenced in today's call are reconciled in the press release of slide presentation on our Investor Relations Web site. And now, I would like to turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks, Abhey. Our great momentum from the first quarter carried into the second quarter resulting in strong performance with revenue, billings, earnings, and free cash flow coming in ahead of expectations. We also crossed the $3 billion mark on ARR for the first time, which was driven by solid performance across all regions and products. Our last 12 months free cash flow of $731 million is the highest amount of free cash flow we have ever generated in a four-quarter period in the company's history. We performed well in the first-half of the year demonstrating focused execution and the strength of our recurring revenue model. Although we continue to execute well and are not materially impacted by current trade tensions and macro conditions, we are aware of the current business and geopolitical environment that is causing uncertainty in the market. As we look across the next six months, we are taking a prudent approach to our outlook for the remainder of fiscal '20. However, we think the uncertainty caused by macro-related events is only a short-term issue. We remain confident in our ability to achieve the fiscal '23 goals we have laid out for you. Our confidence is grounded in the value delivered by our products, their ability to help our customers differentiate via innovation and digitization, focused execution delivered by our partners and sales teams, and the significant strides we are making to capture the non-paying user community. I would also like to point out that although there are headlines of some impact from the current environment on a few industry verticals, like manufacturing, we outgrew competitors and gained share in this space. The construction industry is also holding steady, and continues to invest in innovative solutions, and we saw ongoing strength in construction this quarter. Before I offer you more color on strategic highlights during the quarter, let me first turn it over to Scott to give you more details on our second quarter results, as well as details of our updated fiscal '20 guidance. I'll then return with further insights on the key drivers of our business, including construction, manufacturing, and digital transformation before we open it up for Q&A.
Scott Herren: Thanks, Andrew. As Andrew mentioned, revenue, billings, earnings, and free cash flow all performed ahead of expectation during the second quarter. Overall demand in our end markets was solid during the quarter, as indicated by our strong billings and revenue growth. Growth was driven by both volume and pricing, which is a result of the strong uptake of our products by new users, as well as increased usage with existing customers. Sales volume of AutoCAD LT also remained strong. This has historically been a leading indicator of potential demand slowdown. And as you can see, revenue from our AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT products grew 31% in the second quarter. AEC and manufacturing revenue rose 37% and 20% respectively. Geographically we saw broad based strength across all regions. Revenue grew 32% in the Americas, 27% in EMEA, and 33% in APAC, with strength across almost all countries. We also saw strength in direct revenue, which rose 38% versus last year, and represented 30% of our total sales, up from 28% in the second quarter of last year. Before I comment on ARR, I want to remind you of how we define it. ARR is the annualized value of our actual recurring revenue for the quarter, or said another way, is the reported recurring revenue for the quarter multiplied by four. Total ARR of $3.1 billion continued to grow steadily, and was up 31%. Adjusting for our fourth quarter acquisitions total ARR was up 27%. Within core, ARR growth was roughly in line with total organic growth, and was driven by the strength in product subscriptions. In Cloud, ARR grew 175%, propelled by our strong performance in construction. Excluding $98 million of ARR from our fourth quarter acquisitions, growth in organic cloud ARR, which is primarily made up of BIM 360 and Fusion 360, increased from 43% in the first quarter to 45%, which is a record for that product set. We continue to make progress in our Maintenance to Subscription, or M2S program. The M2S conversion rate of the maintenance renewal opportunities migrating to product subscriptions was in the high 30% range in Q2, which is higher than our historical rate. This uptick in the conversion rate was in line with expectations as our maintenance renewal prices went up by 20% in the second quarter, which made it significantly more advantageous for customers to move to subscription. Of those that migrated, upgrade rates among eligible subscriptions remain within the historical range of 25% to 35%. Now, moving to net revenue retention rate, during Q2 the rate continued to be within the range of approximately 110% to 120%, and we expect it to be in this range for the remainder of fiscal '20. As a reminder, the net revenue retention rate measures the year-over-year change in ARR for the population of customers that existed one year ago or base customers. It's calculated by dividing the current period ARR related to those base customers by the total ARR from those customers one year ago. Moving to billings, we had $893 million of billings during the quarter, up 48%. The growth in billings was driven by strength in new customer billings and strong renewals with continued momentum in our core products. And as we have said in prior quarters in line with our plans, billings are also benefiting from a return to more normalized levels from multi-year agreements. Remaining Performance Obligations or RPO, which in the past we have referred to as total deferred revenue is the sum of both billed and unbilled deferred revenue, and rose 28% versus last year, and 3% sequentially to $2.8 billion. Current RPO, which represents the future revenues under contract expected to be recognized over the next 12 months was little over $2 billion, an increase of 23%. On the margin front, we realized significant operating leverage as we continue to execute in the growth phase of our journey. Non-GAAP gross margins of 92% were up two percentage points versus last year. Our disciplined approach to expense management combined with revenue growth enabled us to expand our non-GAAP operating margin by 14 percentage points to 23%, while absorbing two meaningful acquisitions. We realized significant leverage from our investments in sales and marketing and R&D initiatives during the quarter, and are on track to deliver significant margin expansions in fiscal '20 and further expand non-GAAP operating margin to approximately 40% in fiscal 2023. Moving to free cash flow, we generated $205 million in Q2. Over the last 12 months, we've generated a record $731 million of free cash flow, driven by growing net income and strong billings. Lastly, we continue to repurchase shares with our excess cash, which is consistent with our capital allocation strategy. During the second quarter, we repurchased 253,000 shares for $40 million at an average price of $159.54 per share. Almost all of our repurchase activity during the quarter was through our 10b5-1 plan, which we entered into before the most recent market volatility. Now I'll turn the discussion to our outlook. I'll start by saying that our view of global economic conditions and their impact on our business has been updated to reflect the current state of various trade disputes and the geopolitical environment and their potential impact on our customers. While we have not seen any material impact to our business, we are taking a prudent stance regarding customer spending environments in the U.K. due to Brexit, Central Europe due to a slowdown in the manufacturing industry there, and China due to trade tensions. These items individually are not material headwinds, but in aggregate are responsible for our guidance adjustment, which now reflects our current views based on what we know about the environment today. Our pipeline remains strong globally, including in these regions, we began noticing some changes in demand environments in these areas toward the end of July. As such, for these affected areas, we feel it's appropriate to adjust our expectations for the rest of the year. As you'll soon hear from Andrew, customers continue to increase their spending on our products even in these areas and our renewal rates are fairly steady. Additionally, we are now assuming more billings will occur later in the quarter for the remainder of the year. At the midpoint of our updated guidance, we're calling for revenue and ARR growth to be approximately 27% and 26% respectively, which speaks to the resiliency of our model versus prior cycles. The wider the normal range of our full-year guidance is a result of the greater uncertainty we're expecting over the second-half of the year. Additionally, currency now offers a headwind of about $10 million to our full-year revenues versus being neutral at the beginning of the year. As such, the low-end of our updated constant currency guidance is in line with the low-end of our initial outlook we shared with you at the beginning of the year, and it also reflects the potential for a slight deterioration in the environment from the current level. While our billings guidance has come down by about $50 million, billings are still expected to grow by approximately 50% or 40% after adjusting for the adoption of ASC 606 last year. This supports our view of strong demand for our products even in uncertain environments. Regarding free cash flow, the $50 million adjustments to $1.3 billion is primarily a result of our updated view of billings and their timing. We expect to achieve our original target of $1.35 billion trailing 12 months free cash flow during the first quarter of fiscal 2021, and while it's too early to give you a detailed color on fiscal 2021, we expect to continue growing billings, revenues, and free cash flows while expanding our margins. This is supported by what we're seeing in North America, especially in AEC, where our pipeline remains strong and we have more visibility into our business within Central Europe and China. Construction is also performing very well as we continue to increase the value we're bringing to our customers, and we continue to make strides with capturing revenue from non-paying users. Looking at our guidance for the third quarter, we expect total revenue to be in the range of $820 million to $830 million and we expect non-GAAP EPS of $0.70 to $0.74. Third quarter free cash flow is expected to be modestly above second quarter. The earnings slide deck on the Investor Relations section of our Web site has more details, as well as modeling assumptions for fiscal '20. In summary, I want to remind everyone that since our business model shift, we have moved to a much more resilient business model that generates a very steady stream of revenue that is less exposed to macro swings than when we were selling perpetual licenses. So while we are adjusting our fiscal '20 guidance slightly, we're still expecting revenue growth of 27% for the year, margin expansion of about 12 percentage points, and we're confident of delivering on our fiscal '23 targets. Now I'd like to turn it back to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks, Scott. As you heard me, we delivered very strong performance in the first-half of the year, and despite negative headlines from Europe and manufacturing, we are still seeing strong demand for our solutions. For example, a large European automobile company recently signed a new three-year Enterprise Business Agreement or EBA despite a more challenging macro backdrop for their industry. They see the new agreement as an investment design, and they know innovation is needed to stay ahead of the competition. They view Autodesk as a market leader in this area and counting us to provide new innovative design solutions such as generative design. The EBA also offers for them the flexibility to access our entire product portfolio, including products ranging from manufacturing and agency collections to Alias, 3Ds Max, Maya, and Walt, while at the same time representing a more than a 130% increase in annual contract value for us. We will continue to partner with them to ensure that they get maximum value out of our products and remain a leader in an industry that is undergoing significant change. Our customers know that at the end of every downturn is an upturn, and if they don't continue to innovate and use the latest technology tools throughout the cycle, they will be at a distinct disadvantage when growth returns. This underscores the importance of our products regardless of the macro environment as well as our customer's commitment to investing in technology to stay ahead as competitors. Now, let me give you an update on some key strategic growth initiatives, we are focused on, specifically our continued traction with construction, gains in manufacturing, and leveraging our digital transformation to capture the opportunity within our non-paying user base. These initiatives are key drivers of both our near and long-term business. In construction, BIM 360 was the primary driver of our organic growth in cloud led by BIM 360 Design & Build. Our customers are continually finding value in this offering, and the PlanGrid team continues to see strong momentum. For example, Tutor Perini, one of the largest general contractors in the U.S. selected PlanGrid over some competitor offerings for two 500 million key projects. The team wanted to provide real-time up-to-date documentation and plans to the field. Senior management for these projects had used PlanGrid before at a different firm, and this relationship provided an opportunity to demonstrate plan for its capabilities for these two projects. PlanGrid set up the projects by processing the drawings and pulling out title block information categorizing the drawings with tag and hyper-looking detail call-outs for 2,000 drawings in under an hour. This was an immediate time savings for Tutor Perini. Additionally, the field teams have access to new drawings, changes, RFIs, and some middles right away, and an easy-to-use interface. Going forward, we continue to look for opportunities to partner with Tutor Perini across all of their products and subsidiaries. BuildingConnected and Assemble also performed well as we continue to focus on integrating these offerings. During the quarter, we integrated BuildingConnected's bid management solution with PlanGrid technology, enabling the seamless transfer of data from pre-construction to the building process. The integration allows construction project managers to automatically push design and pre-construction files from BuildingConnected to PlanGrid, saving time, reducing errors and further enhancing the cost savings associated with using both platforms. And as you recall, we integrated Revit with PlanGrid with the launch of PlanGrid BIM last quarter and have received tremendously positive feedback from customers regarding the update. In the first quarter after its release, the product is also being used in over 650 projects by more than 300 customers. These integrations are steady steps towards providing Autodesk construction customers with integrated workflows that connect the office, trailer, and field. We are also continuing to see outstanding cross-selling with our recent construction acquisitions. For example, during the quarter, [indiscernible], an existing Autodesk customer expanded its relationship by adding BuildingConnected and Assemble solutions to reduce the time to open new locations and downtime to the construction updates and existing locations. And as a reminder, infrastructure is an area that we have seen in the past performed well during macro-related slowdowns, and we continue to focus efforts in this area. This quarter we secured a new Enterprise Business Agreement with Gannett Fleming. Gannett Fleming is a leading global engineering and architecture firm ranked Number 35 on the ENR top 500 design list. The Gannett Fleming Executive team considers a strategic partnership with Autodesk to be a distinct competitive advantage. With the EBA, Gannett Fleming now has direct access not only to the full portfolio of Autodesk technology, but also to a wide range of Autodesk services and expertise that will help them achieve their corporate growth and market expansion goals. On the manufacturing front, revenue grew 20% in the second quarter, despite a more challenging manufacturing environment in Europe. Customers are seeing the benefits of our differentiated solution, and we continue to gain market share, while displacing competitive offerings in this space. For example, during the second quarter, a leading Swiss watchmaker selected Autodesk design and manufacturing collection to replace SolidWorks, given the flexibility offered by solutions. In addition, our investments in general design and Fusion 360 have resulted in competitive displacements not only in the CAD market, but also in the Computer Aided Manufacturing or CAM space with our lower barrier to switching vendors. As a result, we see displacements of competitors like Mastercam, and once we're embedded in those customer's downstream processes, we are increasingly penetrating design activities within those same accounts. Customers pick Fusion over competitive offerings due to its integrated CAD/CAM functionality, its compatibility with other CAD tools, ease-of-use, and attractive pricing model. Now let's talk about progress with our digital transformation. Many of you recall that a key part of this transformation will increase the insight we have on our non-compliant user base. One of the initiatives we undertook to accomplish this started last year and has given us the ability to analyze usage patterns of our non-compliant users. Since last year, we have analyzed significant amount of data on these users, including how long they use the software and how their journey traverses across non-compliant usage to downloading free trials or using student additions. With this data, we can test different ways to convert them, including in-product messaging and leveraging our inside sales team. While still early in the conversion process, we have an increasing amount of data that allows us to take necessary actions to convert this large pool of potential customers. In the quarter, we expanded our pilot cases for in-product messaging to many international regions, and enhanced our license compliance initiatives using our sales teams as well as being email campaigns. These conversions resulted in multiple deals, including two over a $1 million, one of which was in China. Our billings from license compliance initiatives were up by approximately 65% versus last year, although on a small base. So, as you've heard, we made great progress this quarter that enabled us to finish the first-half of the year strong. We continue to execute well in construction, where IT spending remains strong. We are making competitive inroads and manufacturing with our innovative solutions and are making strides in converting the current 14 million non-paying users into subscribers. We are highly confident in Autodesk's ability to capitalize on our large market opportunity, and are committed to delivering our fiscal '23 goals. With that, Operator, we'd now like to open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Saket Kalia of Barclays. Your line is open.
Saket Kalia: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions here.
Andrew Anagnost: Hi, Saket.
Saket Kalia: Hey, Scott. Hey, Andrew. Hey, Andrew, maybe just to start with you, slightly higher level question on the macro, I know we spoke about some of the regional items that we've seen, whether it was the U.K., China or Central Europe, but I want to maybe think about the macro from a different lens. Clearly a lot of concern out there about the manufacturing economy, and as we know, not all of Autodesk's business is levered to the manufacturing space, but for the part that is, can you just give us some color on the verticals that Autodesk sells into, whether that's auto or aerospace for example, just to sort of get a sense for where Autodesk kind of sits with regards to different sub-segments of manufacturing specifically?
Scott Herren: Hi, Saket. Before we jump into that, I'd like to clear out something. We've heard that there's some confusion in our guidance metrics from the press release footnotes. So, and what our current guidance for free cash flow for fiscal '20 is $1.3 billion, we get there by saying free cash flow -- or cash flow from operations will be $1.37 billion, you'd net out $70 million of free cash flow to get to $1.3 billion. So, I think the footnote created confusion that the $1.3 billion wasn't already netted for CapEx. It is. So it's $1.37 billion before CapEx as cash flow from ops, $1.3 billion is the free cash flow guide for the year. Okay, go ahead.
Saket Kalia: That's helpful. Thanks, Scott.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, it's good to clarify. So, let me address your question about verticals in manufacturing in particular. All right, first off, just let me just frame a few things. Our manufacturing business actually did pretty well. We grew 20%, a lot better than any of our competitors. That has a lot to do with the way we're diversified. It also has a lot to do with the price points and the upfront -- the reduced upfront cost of our offerings are pretty attractive to a lot of people, and we're also seeing acceleration in the CAM space due to the Fusion 360 portfolio and the way it integrates design and CAM along with the generative capability. So, we're seeing pretty strong performance in manufacturing, but to your point about which verticals we are exposed, our biggest vertical in manufacturing is what we call industrial machinery, and this is machinery of all manner and type. It's machines you'll see inside automotive factories, but it's also machines you see that package cereal or to wrap toys, or to do any manner of things, make paper, and large industrial machines. It's our single biggest segment. Another really big segment for us is what's called building product manufacturers, and these are the people that build things that go into buildings, and they're also the people that build things that hang on buildings and prefabricate components of buildings, so think doors and windows manufacturers, think air conditioner manufacturers, think curtain wall manufacturers if you understand how skyscrapers are made. Our smallest level exposure is actually in the auto and aero space, where other competitors have deeper exposure in terms of the engineering processes. We are definitely big in auto in some of the more forward-looking aspects of the auto industry. So we're embedded deep in the design departments, which are several years ahead of where the current production is and where production volume is. And we're also working closely with a lot of autos and some of their next generation production workflows. I think you've seen some of the things we've been talking about with generative with regards some of the work we've done with GM and some of the other automotives to kind of help consolidated multiple parts in multipart assemblies into a single 3D printed part. And we're definitely engaged in some of that work, but that's some of the hierarchy of exposure we have to manufacturing. Make sense?
Saket Kalia: That does. That's really helpful. Scott, maybe for you for my follow-up, a little bit of a different topic, but I'd love to talk a little bit about the remaining maintenance business. Obviously this is the last year of M2S price increases, as you've mentioned before. And that maintenance ARR sort of continues to decline in that high 30% range. How do you sort of think about that decline in coming quarters? And maybe just speak to sort of the profile of your remaining maintenance customers. I guess with the last 25% price increase should we sort of start to see a step up in that maintenance base decline or should we kind of think about it kind chugging along the way it has so far. Any color there would be helpful.
Scott Herren: Yes, sure, Saket. So this is the year -- by the way, it's a 20% price increase, not 25%. But Q2 is the first full quarter that that third price increase that we announced three years ago, it went into effect at the beginning of Q2. This is our first quarter with that, and we actually had some interesting results. The conversion rate of -- maintenance rates that came up for renewal actually increased, which is what you'd expect with the staying on maintenance going up 20%, from what had been about a third of those that come up for renewal converting to something in the high 30% range for the quarter. So conversion rate increased, as expected. Interestingly for those that did elect to stay on maintenance, and some do, the renewal rate actually ticked up. I would've expected with the increase in price it to stay flat or maybe even decline, it actually, the renewal rate for maintenance for those that did not convert actually it ticked moderately, but ticked up slightly in the quarter. So we're seeing the exact same -- the behavior we expected when we laid out the M2S program. And at this point it's -- we have three more quarters to go, it'll actually overlap into the first quarter of next year before it's finished.
Saket Kalia: Got it. Very helpful, guys. Thanks.
Scott Herren: Thanks, Saket.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Phil Winslow of Wells Fargo. Your question, please.
Phil Winslow: Hey, thanks, guys for taking my question. Thanks for the commentary on Asia-Pacific and Europe. I wondered if you'd give is more color on what you're seeing in the U.S., particularly just into the quarter and in terms of the pipeline there, and particularly by vertical, that'd be very helpful. Thanks.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, so the Americas and the U.S., in particular, were strong. We grew 32%. Our pipeline is solid in the U.S.; it's solid across the whole Americas. Our visibility is pretty good. We're seeing broad strength across all the segments. So we're not seeing any weakening in any kind of segment or by any types of vertical. So the U.S. business is looking solid. And it continues to look solid right now and until something changes in the environment. But we saw a great visibility in our pipeline to the U.S.
Scott Herren: Phil, the other comment that's worth adding on to that is, I think there was some concern that emerging markets might have underperformed during the quarter, and it's actually -- you have to dig into the appendix of our slides that we posted on our Web site, but you can see emerging markets actually grew north of 30%. And obviously there's -- a chunk of those emerging markets are in the Americas as well. So we continue to see, with the exceptions of three areas that we pointed out, we continue strength geographically across the board.
Phil Winslow: Got it. And also in terms of the breakdown, as Saket was saying, obviously your business is sort of like a matrix internationally and then by multiple verticals, and then multiple sort of sub-verticals within inside of those verticals. When you think about just manufacturing exposure versus, let's say, your commercial construction versus media and entertainment, is there one geography that's weighed more, let's say, towards your commercial construction and one more towards manufacturing? Any sort of color in sort of the…
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, absolutely. So that's an easy place, Phil, to give some color. So, construction, we're definitely leaned more towards the U.S., there's no doubt about it. On manufacturing we're definitely leaned more towards Europe. We've historically been more successful in Europe relative to competition than in the U.S. So when you see manufacturing slow down in Germany it slows down our overall manufacturing business. So Europe is definitely where we're more exposed in manufacturing. The U.S. is definitely where the bulk of business is for construction right now, though we're growing pretty quickly internationally on the construction side as well. But that's kind of the high-level breakdown.
Phil Winslow: Okay, great. Thanks, guys.
Scott Herren: Thanks, Phil.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities. Your question, please.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. Andrew, a quarter ago, on the call, you made some interesting remarks regarding what you're calling your early warning system, this was in the context that you were talking about digital infrastructure and your customer engagements team. The question is, what is that system telling you in terms of some of the key metrics that it's set up for in terms of usage and other metrics. And is it thus far a U.S. oriented system or is it giving you signals globally that are helping you? And then secondly, a longer-term technology or roadmap question. I made some comments on the call earlier about your integrations thus far with the ACS acquisitions and the BIM and Revit, and so forth. What about the roadmap however between AEC and manufacturing, if you're going to pursue industrialization of construction you have to have that cross-segment integration. You haven't really spoken about it much, but perhaps you can talk about that roadmap?
Andrew Anagnost: Okay, all very good questions, Jay. So, first, let me talk about the early warning system and what it's telling us. So it is broad geographically. It tells us about multiple products in multiple geographies. And one of the things -- and what it's also intended to do is give us a predictor scores that are at risk renewals so that we go take direct action with regards to at-risk renewals. What I can tell you at a high level is it's telling us is there's no slowdown in usage of our products, right. And in fact, usage continues to grow across all types of products and all manner of verticals. So we're not seeing any systematic declines in usage or usage activity [indiscernible]. Our pirates [ph] continue to use our products robustly, and as do our paying subscribers, but remember that the core part of that system is designed to help our teams understand which one of our accounts are most at risk for renewal. And yes, you're right, we watch things like activations, we watch things like product usage, and we watch other things like access to support that allow us to kind of score these customers in terms of risk, but it's global, and we're not seeing any changes in the usage trends, usage continues to go up globally. Now with regard to integration of the construction, I think you're actually pointing to a very important area, and it's one of the things that we're really focusing on behind the scenes, and it has to do with creating some workflows for the building product manufacturers, which includes, like I said earlier, curtain wall as well as the components that go inside of buildings. So what we've been working to do is expand the interlope between Revit and Inventor, so that you can actually take low-precision models from Revit, move them into the high-precision environment of Inventor, so that you can get -- do fabrication prep for things like curtain walls and other types of manufacturing components, and then actually move them back into revenue in the low-precision world in an account slated way, so the changes that happen inside of Inventor go back and update inside of the Revit model as well. We've been improving those integrations continuously behind the scenes. You're going to see more improvements in those integrations in Q4, and a continuing roadmap next year. It's not completing fully industrialized workflows for construction, but it's a prerequisite to making sure you have a good BIM to manufacturing or 3D solid modeling workflows, so that you can actually do some of these more complex interactions between a building information model and a 3D model for manufacturing purposes. So, we continue to work on those Revit and Inventor integrations, and you'll see acceleration in that area.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Thanks, Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks.
Operator: Next question comes from Heather Bellini of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Heather Bellini: Great, thank you. Just a couple of questions here, Andrew, I just want to make sure that your tone and your conservatism, it seems like you're not seeing the weakness here, so to speak, but you're just being more conservative in your outlook. I just want to confirm that that's how we should be reading your comments. And then, I guess one of the other questions would be how we see growth trending, and churn and see growth, which may be a precursor to a slowdown if you think of the fact that your products are deployed as increased deployment as people are hired into the industry? And then I guess the follow-up from there would be just from a linearity perspective after last quarter when you said linearity was a little bit more backend loaded, I know you guys were going back to, assuming the same linearity in Q3 this year that you did last year, is that where it actually came out of? If you can give us some color there, that'd be great. Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost: All right. So, what I'll do is I'll answer your middle question first, then I'll answer your first question, second, and I'll let Scott answer the third, okay?
Heather Bellini: Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost: So, your middle -- it's okay, see growth ensuring, no change, all right. We're seeing the same kind of see growth, where our renewal rates are solid. In some places, we are seeing improvements. So, all of those trends are consistent right now with a fairly steady environment. Like we said earlier, we've seen some indications in certain specific markets that lead us to be a little bit more cautious, particularly Germany and manufacturing, U.K. and Brexit, and you know, the state-owned enterprises in China, we simply cannot engage with them, and that's going to put pressure on our expectations relative to those markets. Even though emerging in China is a small part of our business, it's a small percentage. Over a couple of quarters, we could easily add up to $5 million in missed expectations, but there is a lot of noise. You can all hear it, it's all going on, there's change -- there is something new every day, all right, all you have to do is checking Twitter feed. So, there're all sorts of noise, and what you see us doing, and I want to make sure we put this in context. What we did is we took the high-end of our guidance down. So, we narrowed the range. The low-end of our guide on a constant currency basis is unchanged. So, this is a prudent narrowing of the range to kind of reflect this noise we're seeing in the system. I think it's the right thing to do right now. I think it's appropriate, but even if you look at the worst case scenario on all of that, worst case scenario, we're coming in at 96%, at worst case of the numbers we set out there four years ago. I think that's pretty good. That's not just great modeling. It's actually great execution in flexible and adaptive execution, and it's that ability to kind of track the business to that kind of fidelity that gives us a lot of confidence in terms of what we're looking to see out in FY '23, and I want to make sure just since you asked the question, I want to reinforce a few things that are really important drivers around some of this stuff. First off, one just side comment, we could easily do some unnatural acts to hit that free cash flow number at what we stated previously in the last call. You wouldn't want us to do that. I have no interest in pushing an agenda in that direction, and we're just simply not going to do it. It's not good for the business, it's not good for the long-term health and for the long-term prospects of the business, and we have to pay attention to the long-term prospects of the business. So we're not going to do any a natural things to try to drive that free cash flow number up, and I think that's an important point. But the resilience in the model, because remember, as we move into next year the model transition is done, and we've got the resilience in the model us look out to FY '23, but look at just how the midpoint of the guide changed, half of that is due to currency FX, okay, a total complete short-term impact on our business. The other thing I wanted you to be aware of in terms of what's kind of guiding us with the conservatism, and we're at pipeline solid, we're looking out pipelines, we've got more visibility to our business than we've ever had before, the pipeline looks good in countries where we're historically having problems. I think you might remember a year ago we talked a lot about Japan, Japan is doing great. So, we're seeing things like that, but more importantly, as we look out beyond the FY '20 guide into some of the FY '23 things, construction is doing really well. We believe the construction is going to continue to do well during the downturn, IT spending construction continue to grow during the downturn last time. In '07 and '08, Revit continued to grow for us. I think you're going to see that same thing, our performance on non-compliant users is getting better and better, and also, let's just say there was a protracted downturn. Something interesting happens in those downturns, infrastructure spend tends to go up. We've gotten in front of that. We've done some things in our core design products and our construction portfolio to ensure that we're good partners to the infrastructure business. So, we intend to capitalize on any infrastructure spend that could come out of a protracted downturn. So, you're right, we are simply being conservative and we're being prudent, because of the noise out there in the system and because of the weakness we saw in some places, where they can have impact on our expectation, was correct. We're growing robustly in all those places. We just have higher expectations for those places, and I think it's the right time to make that kind of adjustment, and it's all short-term, but we're still very confident about what we can do in FY '23.
Scott Herren: And Heather, I think the other…
Heather Bellini: Yes, Scott.
Scott Herren: Yes, in other part of your triple questions, that was around linearity, and I think the thing that we are seeing in linearity, and again in Q2, which was consistent with our expectations in Q2 was more sales are happening a little bit later in the quarter than what we had experienced in the second-half of fiscal '19. So, it's more like the traditional linearity that we had in the first-half of fiscal '19, and that's now built into our forecast for the second-half of this year. So it has a couple of effects when you do that obviously, and Andrew has talked about this a big chunk of the adjusted in our guidance is all tied to FX, but holding out aside, as linearity pushes on a little bit, it has an effect on billings, where billings covered layer in a quarter, and then you end up collecting some of those billings is kind of during the current quarter and the following quarter. So there's a little bit of an effect on billings and an effect on free cash flow as well from linearity, but that's the way to think about it. The midpoint of the guide is 27% revenue growth, midpoint of the billings guide is 40% growth even normalized for the 606 implementation at the beginning of last year, and the midpoint of the guide is 12 points of margin expansion. So it's a strong year. We continue to feel good about the momentum in the business.
Heather Bellini: Great, thank you so much.
Scott Herren: Thanks, Heather.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gal Munda of Berenberg Capital Management. Your line is open.
Gal Munda: Hi, thank you for taking my questions. The first one is just in the manufacturing side. We see the manufacturing is going below the AEC part of the business, and I was just wondering if it's macro-related or is it maybe got something to do with the comments you made around the shift to the new platform, you mentioned that Fusion 360 is gaining market share, you mentioned that Fusion 360 is growing very, very strongly, and I'm wondering whether Fusion 360 by taking market share is also potentially taking market share from some older solutions, they have like Inventor, which might provide kind of short-term headwind to the revenue there?
Andrew Anagnost: All right. So, Gal, let me let me kind of answer that and cover that. First off, we grew 20% manufacturing better than any of our competitors, all right, better than the market. So, our performance in manufacturing is actually very strong. The relative difference in the performance between manufacturing and AEC is simply due to the fact that AEC is stronger. What we're seeing in AEC is Revit is not only being adopted very robustly, it's actually being mandated, or BIM is being mandated in more and more countries and for more and more projects. Japan in particular is an interesting place, where historically BIM was slow to be adopted, and it's starting to see an acceleration of adoption, and you're seeing BIM mandates showing up in Japan as well. So I want to make sure that we understand the relative performance difference between those two things, and our performance relative to competitors in the overall market. Now, to your point about Fusion, one of the reasons why there is no cannibalization related to Fusion is because one every Inventor customer that's getting Inventor to the collection gets Fusion with it, all right, so they actually get both products. So, if you buy and subscribe to collection, you get all the things that are at collection, you actually get Fusion as well, and Fusion is a design app, can't do all the things that Inventor does. So there's very little kind of cross overlap between those two applications in terms of actually complete design things. The growth that you're seeing in Fusion is actually coming more from competitive swaps. We always like -- we've always given several examples of SolidWorks displacements, we've seen other placements as well, and this growth in the CAM space as well, where the integrated end-to-end solution and the price points are just really, really attractive. So, I just want to make sure that we put color on that, manufacturers doing great, the relative difference between AEC and manufacturing has to do with the fact that AEC is doing better, and it's doing better because of BIM mandates and BIM momentum, and we're not seeing any cannibalization from Fusion in our core Inventor business.
Gal Munda: Perfect, that's very helpful. And then just as a follow-up, could you comment a bit about the performance between the direct and indirect, so basically the channel and your own sales force, you basically mentioned that you had some significant EBA wins, maybe also comment a bit more on the e-commerce side of things, how the direct performance is going there?
Scott Herren: Yes. It's Scott, Gal. We talked about the mix being 70% through the channel, 30% direct, which is compared to 28% direct in Q2 of last year. So, it's grown a couple points. Our direct business actually grew 38% year-on-year. So we're seeing good strength in direct. Within EBA, as we continue to do most of our EBAs in the second-half of the year, and within that, most of them in the fourth quarter and the second-half of the year. So the EBA business while we had good traction with EBAs in Q2, the quarters where we really start to see a lot more EBA businesses late in Q3 and then through Q4. The e-commerce business or e-store is actually growing very nicely year-on-year, again, growing off a smaller base, but growing very nicely year-on-year, and that's part of our overall digital sales approach, right, it's not just put up a store and try to drive people to it. We also use the e-store as the backend transaction engine for a lot of our inside sales teams. So, we're seeing very nice growth through that whole digital sales channel, which comes to us at higher net revenue content to Autodesk. So, it's actually performing quite well.
Gal Munda: Thank you. Thanks for taking my questions.
Scott Herren: Thanks.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks, Gal.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ken Talanian of Evercore ISI. Please go ahead.
Ken Talanian: Thanks for taking the question. Yes, as you think about the uncertainty related to the second-half, could you give us a sense for how you see the billings impact related to demand patterns and linearity differ if at all between the larger EBA type customers and the smaller volume-oriented ones? And along those lines, how should we think about the EBA renewal opportunity in the back-half of this year versus last?
Scott Herren: Yes. Ken, we always have -- as I just mentioned, we always have more EBAs in the second-half of the year and in particular, in the fourth quarter than we do in the first-half of the year. That was -- we know when those EBAs are coming up for renewal, and we have the best insight of any of our transactions on what's happening with the EBA. So, we have a good sense of when those are going to close. That said, as always it's been pretty accurately reflected in our outlook. What you see in terms of the adjustment in billings of $50 million adjustment in billings, first of all, in context, it's a $50 million adjustment at the midpoint on a number that's greater than $4 billion, right, so it's a little more than a 1% adjustment in the full-year billings, half of that $50 million roughly is strictly FX. The remainder is really localized around the three areas that we talked about, around the U.K. with concerns over Brexit, and we saw that actually much more so in July than we did in the first two months of the quarter; same with the slowdown in the manufacturing base in Germany, and then with the state-owned enterprises in China. So the adjustment in billings is really a reflection of FX, and then those three kind of localized effects that I think everyone's feeling, not just Autodesk.
Ken Talanian: Understood, and if I may, given that you've already reached about $98 million in ARR from your acquisitions, and I think you're targeting $100 million for the year, how are you kind of thinking about the contribution to the year now?
Scott Herren: Yes, super happy with the way the integration has gone, and Andrew, I'll let you comment on this as well talking about the numbers. I'm super pleased with that, and the $100 million that you referred to was really what we talked about the PlanGrid. So it'd be slightly higher when you add BuildingConnected to that as well. I feel like we're on track. I'm really happy with the way those have performed so far, it's -- those are two really significant transactions to pull-in in the same quarter, and not -- we haven't lost a bit of momentum at either one of those. So feeling good about construction business overall, and maybe the interesting point before I hand off to you, Andrew, is not only have we done well with the acquired products, the breadth of the portfolio we have in construction now has created an updraft for BIM 360, and we talked about our Cloud, our organic Cloud ARR growth at 45% for the quarter, BIM 360 is one of the big drivers of that. So, we continue to see not just success in construction with the acquired assets, but a bit of a halo effect, because of the breadth of that product portfolio on our organic BIM 360 products.
Andrew Anagnost: You took all my interesting points.
Scott Herren: Oh, I'm sorry.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, look, the construction portfolio is performing really well. That is very unusual to get this kind of first-half, you know, first two quarter performance out of big acquisitions like that. We're happy. On the integration side, senior leaders from the acquired companies are taking senior positions inside the construction solutions team. So, we're seeing better and better alignment between those organizations. We have a lot of confidence in where we're going with these things. You see continuing stream of product integrations. Our customers are getting comfortable with our roadmap. The reason customers accelerated their purchasing of BIM 360 is because basically they just -- they see us saying, doing, and acting in all the right ways. So, they're doubling down at Autodesk, and that's nothing, but an excellent sign for how this business is going to grow into next year.
Ken Talanian: Great, thanks very much.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks, Ken.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Zane Chrane of Bernstein Research. Your line is open.
Zane Chrane: Hi, thanks for taking the question. I just wanted to dig into manufacturing little bit more. The 20% growth in manufacturing revenue really was driven by ARR added in Q3 and Q4 of last year. If I look at the annualized value of manufacturing revenue based on the number of days in the quarter, it looks like it's down about $4 million or $5 million in ACV compared to what it was at the end of Q4. So, and that's in contrast to pretty strong incremental growth in manufacturing revenue each quarter of fiscal '19, is the weakness in first-half on that incremental manufacturing revenue added? Is that due to increased churn or lower expansion with existing customers, or just a pause and adoption due to the macro uncertainty? Thank you.
Scott Herren: Yes, it's neither, Zane. So, to be clear, the 20% growth in manufacturing is in line with the growth in manufacturing we've seen historically over the last two or three quarters, that we're not seeing -- even in the markets that we talked about, the three markets that we talked about having localized impact, we're showing strong double-digit growth even in Germany, which of course is a manufacturing-based economy…
Andrew Anagnost: In ACV.
Scott Herren: In ACV. So, we're not seeing that kind of -- I'm not exactly sure the math that you did there, we're not seeing -- we can pick it up offline, and we're not seeing any acceleration or deceleration, significant deceleration on the manufacturing side. Renewal rates look strong across the board. New product subscription growth with -- back to one of the questions that came up earlier was in line and actually slightly higher is what we've seen in the prior couple of quarters. So, the manufacturing space continues to perform well, and I think it's a bit of a standout relative to our peers that are far more manufacturing-focused when you look at that growth rate.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, just even to comment on Germany, and we'll just talk about it from a pure ACV standpoint. The ACV growth in Germany was still double-digit, high double-digit growth. What we saw was a gap between our expectations, and the growth we were seeing as we headed into the end of the quarter. We have high expectations for that market, and those expectations were not getting met in the same kind of pattern that we would have expected in past quarters, but ACV is growing across the board manufacturing. So, I think maybe it's something that would be absolutely good to follow-up on and make sure we got the math right there.
Zane Chrane: Okay. Then the next -- just a quick question on the gap between the results versus your high expectations going in, is the gap more driven by lower expansion than you expected or less adoption from potential new customers?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So it is mostly a cross-sell and up-sell opportunity slowing down a little bit, you know, I'll give one example as we look out into the end of the second-half, accounts in some of the European countries where we expected to see EBA conversions are looking like -- the more going to be subscription sales versus the EBAs. So what we're seeing is a little bit of change in behavior at the EBA level and at the up-sell and cross-sell level, and that's really what's triggering our caution. And in terms of what we saw during the quarter, we expect a certain level of uptick in the ACV as we get towards the end of the quarter, and for the manufacturing in Germany, in particular, we didn't see that uptick in ACV. We're still doing great growing, but we didn't see the uptick we expected towards the numbers we want to see. We took that as an indicator of some slowness.
Zane Chrane: Very helpful, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kash Rangan of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Kash Rangan: Hey, guys, thanks for being completely detailed and transparent with all the disclosures. I was also curious, given that we've not seen any meaningful turn in the business so far, how confident are you that we have levels at the estimates, or is it potential no -- rather revisions potential based on what you might uncover in the quarter or do you feel that you've seen enough and you've scrub the model enough to account for -- whatever it is that you saw in July and that we should be okay from this point onwards?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So obviously we spent a lot of time scrubbing the numbers and looking at this and making sure that we were looking at this in a prudent way. We feel confident that we've set the guide, right, I mean, obviously we're one tweet away from something changing, you know, unless something radical changes in the macro environment we feel pretty confident given our pipeline visibility to what we're guiding out there right now, and again I just want to reiterate what we did is we narrowed the range from the top-end down, the bottom the constant currency stayed the same, right, prudent measured action relative to what we're seeing out there. We think we've got it right, and look, if something comes from our field, something will come from that field, but we feel like we've got it right and we scrubbed our numbers. Scott, do you want to comment…
Scott Herren: Yes, the only thing I would add to that, Kash, and it's a great question and I appreciate you asking it, so we can talk about it on the call, is that -- as we started to analyze, not just where we're headed in the -- with the strength of our pipeline and the overall strength in our renewal rates, which the renewal rate is becoming a bigger and bigger part of our business. Net revenue retention stayed in the same range. Renewal rates on a volume basis if anything ticked up modestly of course that picked up slightly sequentially. So, I feel good about the core business, and we talked about the Remaining Performance Obligations, even the current RPO, right? So those are -- they're going to turn into revenue in the next 12 months, growing 23% year-on-year. Who knows what the next Tweet will say, but we feel like we've built in and everything that we can see at this point. Yes.
Kash Rangan: Thanks so much again, and appreciate the transparency.
Scott Herren: Yes. Thanks, Kash.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Richard Davis of Canaccord. Your question, please.
Richard Davis: Thanks. Two quick questions, one, you had a little bit of kind of work on rationalizing kind of the overlapping features between PlanGrid and some preexisting functionality, how far are you on that? And then on the second question would be share repurchase, I think you said 253,000, how much is left, and can you accelerate that, can you surge that, or what's up of that? Those are two simple questions. Thanks.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, Richard, thank you for that. All right, so first off, let's talk about how we position the portfolio to our customers and port position the breadth of our portfolio. I made it very clear that the BIM 360 products that's going to focus on project management, project-centric workflows, and all the things associated with managing projects from start to finish, and integrating them into the pre-construction workflow. PlanGrid is going to focus on field execution and all the things associated with field execution and the capturing of information in around field execution and communicating that information back up into the global project management environment. We've made progress on multiple fronts. Like I said earlier, we've integrated BIM into PlanGrid, and so, there is BIM PlanGrid integration. We've also integrated some BuildingConnected bid management function into PlanGrid as well, but one of the really exciting things that we're working on, and it's part of the integration strategy is that both the PlanGrid team and the BIM 360 teams have seen the next generation building BIM 360-docs solution we built as being the foundation of what we call a Common Data Environment. This is something that's specked out in the AEC industry. It's called the CDE. And docs is going to be the foundation of our Common Data Environment and both PlanGrid and BIM -- and on all the other core BIM 360 functionality are integrating into that platform, which gives us a great steppingstone, not only to satisfy some pretty complicated requirements around Common Data Environment, but also to bring the products together more rapidly. So, you're going to hear a lot of things from us in the second-half of this year, in the first-half of next year about how these portfolios are coming together, but our customers get it, they understand, and they are buying in more to our solution because they see us acting in the direction of what we said we're going to do.
Scott Herren: And Richard, on your stock buyback question, you're spot on, so we spent $40 million during the quarter, year-to-date we spent $140 million. There is no change in our stance on cap allocation. So we'll continue to offset the core support the growth of the company first, took offset the dilution from our equity plans and then return excess cash to shareholders. We've been doing that pretty effectively with a more opportunistic buying pattern. So, our price grid is based on some Monte Carlo modeling that we do. And during the trading blackout window, of course we have to trade under 10b5-1 plan. Our trading blackout window began in early July, right before the most recent market volatility. So the grid that we had set up didn't necessarily reflect the volatility that we round up experiencing. At this point, I think you should definitely expect us to be back in the market buying back stock.
Richard Davis: Thank you so much.
Scott Herren: Yes. Thanks, Richard.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Tyler Radke of Citi. Your line is open.
Tyler Radke: Hey, thanks for squeezing me in here. So, you talked about how you think some of these macro issues, there are only a temporary thing or a short-term thing, I guess what gives you the confidence there, and then as you think about your lowered expectations, is it fair to say it's all coming from manufacturing, or is there any reduction in your view on AEC? Thanks.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. All right, so first off, again, let me just clarify a few things that give us confidence about the short-term impacts. One, half of the change in the midpoint of the guide is currency effect, okay. So, let's just make sure we're all level set on that, remember, it's currency effect, I think that's really important. The only thing that gives us a lot of confidence is our pipeline visibility. We have more visibility, because of the changes in some of the models that we have in terms of our go-to market model with the rise of our mid-market programs and some of our direct programs, we have quite a bit of visibility into our pipeline, and we can see into our pipeline, we see robust pipeline, we have visibility all the way through to the end of the year, and also visibility beyond that. So we feel pretty good that some of these things are short-term effects. All right. In addition, we don't see anything slowing down with regards to construction and with regards to our piracy conversion work. So, if we just -- if we just look at high-level, those things are all kind of short-term impacts on our business. All right, and what was the second part of your question, because I thought you asked another clarifying thing about what gave me confidence on the short-term?
Tyler Radke: Yes, that was just the confident that it's only a short-term macro part, and then on the -- I think you kind of answered it, but around the guidance, was it all a reduction in manufacturing, was there any reduction on AEC?
Andrew Anagnost: No. Yes, there is no incremental view in AEC. The change in guidance came from those FX effects and our view of the impacts of the softness we saw in manufacturing in Germany, the softness we saw in the U.K. and the gap between our potential in China and what we're actually able to execute on. Those are really the key drivers.
Tyler Radke: Okay, great. And if I could just sneak in one more for Scott, as you think about kind of some of the expense levers you have if you continue to see more softness, just what's kind of your willingness to maybe pull back on hiring, or being more conservatives, you have to keep free cash flow or profitability targets in place?
Scott Herren: Yes, it's a great question, Tyler. I think we've graphically demonstrated pretty effectively over the last four years, sound, spend, discipline. We continue to show to demonstrate sound, spend, discipline. We've effectively kept total spend flat for -- ex the acquisitions in Q4 we have total spend flat for four consecutive years. So, there will be a bit of an opportunity for us to take up spend at the same time we're increasing margins. If you look at this year, we talk about spend growth of 9% and margin growth of 12 percentage points of margin year-on-year. I expect margin to expand again into fiscal '21, although there is some pent-up demand percent having been flat for four consecutive years or some pent-up demand. So, spending will increase current course of speed, barring something significantly different happening in the overall macro environment spending will see a little bit of an increase again in fiscal '21.
Tyler Radke: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back over to management for any closing remarks.
Abhey Lamba: Thanks for joining us. This concludes our conference call for today. If you have any questions, feel free to contact us. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2020 Q1  (2019-05-23 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and thank you for your patience. You've joined Autodesk First Quarter Fiscal 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference may be recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to host, VP of Investor Relations, Abhey Lamba. Sir, you may begin.
Abhey Lamba: Thanks, operator, and good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our first quarter of fiscal '20. On the line is Andrew Anagnost, our CEO; and Scott Herren, our CFO. Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. You can also find our earnings press release and a slide presentation on our website, we will also post a transcript of today's opening commentary on our website following this call. During the course of this conference call, we may make forward-looking statements. These statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us. Actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to our SEC filings for important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. During the call, we will quote a number of numeric or growth changes as we discuss our financial performance and unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. And now, I would like to turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks, Abhey. We started off fiscal '20 with great momentum, accentuated by continued acceleration of recent construction acquisitions and strong growth across all geographic regions. Our billings and free cash flow came in at or above expectations and reflect the strength of our business. We are on track with the integration of PlanGrid and BuildingConnected and have exciting achievements to share with you. Although, our first quarter revenue came in at the low end of our guidance range, we are on track to achieve our fiscal '20 ARR and free cash flow guidance and are reaffirming our fiscal '23 targets. Our pipeline for the rest of the year is strong and growing, and the underlying demand strength we've seen in prior quarters continues to drive growth in our business. There is no change to our view of the strength of the business or the current spending environment in our end markets. Before I offer you more color on strategic highlights during the quarter, let me turn it over to Scott to give you more details on our first quarter results as well as our guidance. I'll then return with further insights into some of the key drivers of our business, including construction, manufacturing and digital transformation, before we open it up to Q&A.
Scott Herren: Thanks Andrew. As Andrew mentioned, our leading indicators, billings and free cash flow, performed well. Total revenue of $735 million was up 31% and 28% excluding our recent acquisitions. It was within our planning assumptions, although at the low end of our guidance range. This was primarily driven by linearity, as we closed more business later in the quarter than anticipated, which affected the amount of ratable revenue recognized in the quarter. Overall demand in our end markets was robust, as indicated by our strong billings and revenue growth. Our subscription volume also grew steadily across the board. Sales volume of AutoCAD LT remained strong. And this has historically been a leading indicator of potential demand slowdown. As you can see, revenue from our AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT products grew 37% in the first quarter, slightly better than the 36% growth rate in Q4. AEC and manufacturing also rose 37% and 24%, respectively. Geographically, we saw broad-based strength across all regions. Revenue grew 35% in EMEA and APAC, and 27% in the Americas, with strength across almost all countries. We also saw strength in direct revenue, which rose 36% and represented 30% of our total sales, consistent with last year. Within direct, our e-store grew 45%. Looking at ARR, total ARR continued to grow quickly, up 33% versus last year to $2.8 billion. Adjusting for our recent acquisitions, total ARR was up 29%. Core ARR growth was in line with our total organic growth, while Cloud ARR grew 164%, propelled by strong performance in construction. Excluding the $83 million of ARR from our fourth quarter acquisitions, organic Cloud ARR, which is primarily made up of BIM 360 and Fusion 360, grew a record 43%. We continue to make progress with our maintenance to subscription, or M2S, program. The M2S conversion rate in Q1 was consistent with prior quarters, with approximately one-third of maintenance renewal opportunities migrating to product subscriptions. Of those that migrated, upgrade rates among eligible subscriptions remained within the historical range of 25% to 35%. As a reminder, this is the last year of the M2S program, and we are continuing to incentivize customers to convert. In addition to strong new customer billings, the growth in ARR was supported by continued expansion of our renewal base. And as we introduced at our Investor day in March, the net revenue retention rate is a key metric to monitor the health of our renewal base. Net revenue retention rate measures the year-over-year change in ARR for the population of customers that existed one year ago, or base customers. It's calculated by dividing the current period ARR related to those same base customers by the total ARR from one year ago. During Q1, the net revenue retention rate was within the fiscal '19 range of approximately 110% to 120%, and we expect it to be in this range throughout fiscal '20. In Q1, some of the deeply discounted subscriptions from our global field promotion we ran three years ago came up for renewal. We were very pleased with the renewal rates of this group of customers as they renewed closer to list price, and the total value from the entire cohort grew. Moving to billings, we had $798 million of billings during the quarter. On a normalized basis, billings rose about 40%. Recall that last year we adopted ASC 606, which resulted in adjustments of approximately $160 million to our deferred revenue balance and impacted billings, since billings are calculated by taking the sum of revenue plus the change in deferred revenue. The growth in billings was driven by strong renewals and continued momentum in our core products. We also benefited from some customers renewing early in the quarter due to upcoming price increases. Our recently acquired construction assets contributed nicely to the billings increase. And in line with our plans, multi-year contracts moved higher, helping our total billings. Recall that multi-year payments are good for our customers as they benefit from stable pricing and a single approval process. Our partners like them as they can sign higher contract values and maximize their cash flow. And we benefit from a more predictable revenue stream and upfront cash payments. The second and third year of those multiyear agreements are recorded in our long term deferred revenue, which grew by 12% and ended the quarter at 17% of the total deferred balance. As we indicated at our Analyst Day, we expect to end the year with a long term balance in the low 20% range of total deferred revenue, in line with the historical range. On the margin front, we realized significant operating leverage as we have entered the growth phase of our journey. Non-GAAP gross margins of 91% were up 140 basis points versus last year. Our disciplined approach to expense management combined with revenue growth enabled us to expand our non-GAAP operating margin by 13 percentage points to 18%, despite absorbing two significant acquisitions. Moving to free cash flow, we generated $207 million in Q1. Over the last twelve months, we have now generated $550 million of free cash flow, positioning us well to hit our full year target of $1.35 billion. Note that Q1 benefited from the very strong Q4 of fiscal '19 that we had. As you may recall, we had over $1 billion of billings during Q4, some of which was collected in the first quarter of fiscal '20. As such, I expect our free cash flow in Q2 to be down sequentially. We continue to repurchase shares with our excess cash, which is consistent with our capital allocation strategy. During the quarter, we repurchased 582,000 shares for $100 million at an average price of $171.84 per share. Now I'll turn the discussion to our outlook. I'll start by saying that our view of global economic conditions and their impact on our business is unchanged from the last several quarters. We are not seeing any noticeable impact from Brexit and the various trade and tariff disputes. For the full year, we are reiterating our fiscal '20 free cash flow outlook of approximately $1.35 billion as well as our outlook for ARR of about $3.5 billion, up 27% to 29%. In line with our initial plans, we expect billings of about $4.1 billion at the midpoint, driven by the strength of our renewal base, new subscription growth, continued normalization of multi-year billings, the flow through from unbilled deferred revenue, and our acquisitions. When looking at the quarterization of free cash flow for fiscal '20, we continue to expect about three-fourths of the free cash flow to be generated in the second half of the year. Looking at our guidance for the second quarter, we expect total revenue to be in the range of $782 million to $792 million, and we expect non-GAAP EPS of $0.59 to $0.63. The earnings slide deck on the Investor Relations section of our website has more details as well as modeling assumptions for the fiscal second quarter and for full year 2020. Now I'd like to turn it back to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks Scott. Now, let me give you an update on some of the key growth initiatives we highlighted at Investor Day, specifically progress made in construction, manufacturing and digital transformation. These initiatives are key drivers of our business both near and long-term. First, in construction, we are seeing continued strength across the portfolio as we execute on our strategy to deliver a comprehensive, integrated platform that seamlessly connects the office, the trailer, and the field. We had significant accomplishments during the quarter as we integrated PlanGrid and BuildingConnected into Autodesk. Both acquired companies showed impressive growth, which is important to call out considering that acquisitions typically see a slow down during the integration phase, whereas we experienced accelerating momentum. Post-close, we have won fifteen head-to-head bids against leading competitors in this space. Other milestones included the launch of our first product integration and the realization of revenue synergies. Q1 was the first full quarter where we had the entire construction portfolio in place, as we closed PlanGrid in December 2018 and BuildingConnected in January of this year. Feedback from customers has been very positive regarding the addition of these best-in-class solutions to our comprehensive construction portfolio, which now includes BIM 360, PlanGrid, Assemble Systems and BuildingConnected, in addition to the design tools we have always sold into that market. On the technology development front, we were able to accelerate the product roadmap for PlanGrid, which resulted in the introduction of PlanGrid BIM last month. This is a new product integration between Revit and PlanGrid that allows customers to immediately access BIM data in either 2D or 3D directly within PlanGrid on their mobile devices. We were able to deliver this frequently requested feature at an accelerated pace now that PlanGrid is part of Autodesk. In fact, when PlanGrid BIM was launched we hosted a webcast and the demand was 5x what PlanGrid had normally seen for prior product launches, and the number of customers who requested to be contacted by a sales person following the webinar was also more than 5x what they normally experience following a product-focused webinar. We've also seen synergies begin to develop on the sales front. For example, APTIM, a leading construction services vendor and joint customer of Autodesk and PlanGrid, tripled its PlanGrid users as part of the Enterprise Business Agreement for its Digital Foreman Initiative. Other Autodesk products they use include AutoCAD, Civil 3D, Plant 3D, Map 3D and Revit. And because we have been clear with our customers that PlanGrid will be focused on field execution and BIM 360 on project management, there are a lot of synergies between the two offerings that our customers have yet to realize. We are also seeing BuildingConnected thrive within the Autodesk construction ecosystem. Since the acquisition they have grown their user base from about 700,000 to over 800,000. Now, I'd like to elaborate on the impressive growth comment made earlier. When we made the acquisitions, I said that we were focused on keeping the strong sales momentum going, and that is exactly what happened. At PlanGrid, the sales teams are continuing to perform strongly with both new and existing customers. For example, they expanded their relationship with Rosendin Electric, a long standing PlanGrid customer with plus 6,000 employees and annual revenue of about $1.5 billion. The company recently extended its contract for three years and significantly expanded it, in part due to Autodesk's long-term vision. PlanGrid sales have also started to benefit from being part of the Autodesk family. During the quarter, Jacobs, a global leader in professional services sector and a long-standing Autodesk customer, decided to further enhance its relationship with us by adding PlanGrid to one of its divisions. In making this decision, Jacobs pointed to its current speed in the field, ease of use, and integration with the rest of the Autodesk suite as determining factors in adopting the software. The Company is currently utilizing PlanGrid on $1 billion infrastructure project. PlanGrid also ended Q1 with its largest ever pipeline of deals. And the momentum continued at BuildingConnected too. BuildingConnected has introduced new features that continue to make its platform more and more valuable to larger and larger portions of the market. In fact, they had their best quarter ever in Q1 in terms of new business and are seeing their flywheel continue to drive new business on both the general contractor and subcontractor side. BIM 360 also continues to demonstrate strong growth. In fact, our organic Cloud ARR, of which, BIM 360 is the largest component, was up 43% in Q1. This was driven by strength across the entire BIM 360 portfolio, especially BIM 360 Design, which is our real time collaboration tool for Revit users. We also saw both existing and new customers increase adoption of BIM 360. A good example here is WeWork, with 485 locations and 466,000 members around the world, WeWork provides spaces and services to help people work, learn and collaborate in more meaningful ways. They expanded their subscription with Autodesk this quarter and are one of our largest BIM 360 Design customers. We are excited to work with them and look forward to further enhancing our relationship over the coming years. Overall, all parts of our construction portfolio are performing at or above the plan and showing strong growth. I am extremely proud of all the teams involved. They remain focused and dedicated to helping Autodesk grow and drive positive change in the construction industry. And lastly, I wanted to note that for those looking to get a more in-depth view of our construction business, we are hosting an event on June 4th here in San Francisco, where you'll have the opportunity to hear directly from AECOM, Webcor and DPR in addition to our construction team regarding our portfolio and go-to market opportunity. I hope to see all of you there. On the manufacturing front, revenue grew 24% as customers see the benefits of our differentiated solution, we are gaining share and displacing competitive offerings in the space. For example, a large manufacturer of locomotives and rail equipment further expanded its relationship with us, they are in the process of deploying our manufacturing solutions across their various divisions and are relying on Inventor, our CAM solutions and factory design utilities to automate their workflows. Our solutions displaced competing our products due to our simplicity and short implementation cycles, which is in line with their rapid product introduction requirements. Our investments in generative design and Fusion 360 have resulted in more than 100% year-over-year growth in monthly active users for our commercial customers. Users love the cloud-based, comprehensive solution of Fusion 360 and it is disrupting the industry. Fusion 360 offers unprecedented value and out-of-the-box productivity for concept to production workflows, and that appeals to a large swath of our customers. A US-based specialty pharmaceutical company purchased Fusion 360 to replace SolidWorks for designing and manufacturing auto-injectors. After reviewing various options, they decided that Fusion 360 provided superior collaboration and data management capabilities in the cloud with no setup or maintenance complications. A Midwest metal fabrication company chose Fusion 360 to replace separate instances of CAD and CAM solutions. They were impressed by our integrated CAD/CAM functionality and collaboration features. With Fusion 360, they were able to replace CATIA, Creo, Mastercam, and PTC Windchill, allowing them to rely on fewer platforms and to promote collaboration. Then when it comes to digital transformation, we are seeing the positive impact it is having on our business. We are also making progress in using digitization internally as part of our plans to convert the large number of non-compliant users into paying customers. All new single user product subscriptions are already using identity-based authentication and we continue to move existing customers to this new system. We are on track to migrate all eligible single user subscriptions to identity-based authentication by the end of the current fiscal year, which will provide a much better user experience for our customers and help us in combating non-compliant usage of our software. Beyond that, we are already starting to see results from our efforts to engage directly with customers using non-compliant versions of our software and expect our ongoing learning to increase our effectiveness in FY '20 and beyond. As you heard, there's a lot of activity happening towards the growth initiatives highlighted at Investor Day across construction, manufacturing and digital transformation. These drivers, as well as the large opportunity we see in converting the current 14 million non-paying users into subscribers, should result in an acceleration in profitability and cash flow metrics and sustained growth going forward. We are highly confident in Autodesk's ability to capitalize on this large market opportunity and are committed to delivering our FY '20 and FY '23 targets. With that, operator, we'd like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Phil Winslow of Wells Fargo. Your line is open.
Phil Winslow: Thanks for taking my question and congrats on great start to the year. I just wanted to drill into your comment about just the linearity of the quarter, Scott you mentioned that the quarter's billings and it was well within your assumed range with revenue at the low end just because of linearity, but your full year expectations are unchanged. Wonder if you could just drill into that, where was the linearity different was it something about specific industries or more geographies, and sort of how are you thinking about the go forward there?
Scott Herren: Yeah. Thanks, Phil. It was - it's certainly within the range of our guidance and our planning, $735 million was the low end of our guidance range. So it wasn't a significant variance from what our expectations were. So we did see those both Q3 and Q4 had - but I'll call better linearity. So earlier, linearity in each of those quarters, as we came into Q1, Q1 actually ended up with the linearity of similar to last Q1, as opposed to the improved linearity that we've seen in Q3, and Q4, which I guess is not really surprising, given that, beginning of the year, people don't have budgets yet, sales teams are going through sales kickoff, et cetera. So we ended up with the same linearity we had in Q1 a year ago as opposed to kind of the improved linearity we've seen in Q3 and Q4 and that's what pushed us to the low end of the range. I'll go ahead and answer your follow-up question, which is our assumption for Q2. On linearity is that it'll look more like Q2 '19 as opposed to the improved linearity that we saw in Q3 and Q4, it doesn't really have an effect on the full-year, you see full-year guidance remains unchanged, and you see, actually, Q2 guidance shows a pretty nice step-up sequentially as a result of getting some of that, and that came in a little bit later in the quarter, obviously we have it for the full quarter of Q2. So it doesn't really change our view at the year. That was a good strong start to the year. Just had linearity more in line with what we had seen a year ago as opposed to what we had seen in the prior two quarters.
Phil Winslow: Then just a follow up for Andrew. It was great to hear some of those wins on the PlanGrid side, BuildingConnected, wonder, if you can provide just more color on this early feedback you're getting now you provided some earlier, but how you think about bringing this into the product line and maybe even also using BuildingConnected even almost as a funnel for PlanGrid as well. Just some more color there that would be great.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So what was the second part you said about PlanGrid there Phil.
Phil Winslow: Sorry to say as a funnel, potentially you're seeing bid management, actually you've been using that as a sort of lead management, so to speak for PlanGrid?
Andrew Anagnost: That's exactly, and actually you've hit on one of the points that's important about this coming year. The PlainGrid folks and the BuildingConnected folks immediately found some synergies between how they approach the market and their individual businesses. So there's a strong flow of leads and discussion back and forth between those two teams, and that plays a pretty integral part. Remember, BuildingConnected has visibility to the whole entire project bidding environment within the US. And obviously, PlanGrid is super eager to go and talk to those projects about how they can improve site execution and effectiveness and success for their particular projects. So that's one of the big uplifts we're seeing is some of the connection between those two offerings. And frankly as we brought BuildingConnected in, we saw a very nice surge in their business. Like I said, they had their best Q1 ever in terms of new business, because people just like the fact that they're part of Autodesk and that - what they're focusing on with the bid management is - it's a good tool, they added a lot of features in there during Q1. And it's a solid result.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Saket Kalia of Barclays Capital. Your line is open.
Saket Kalia: Maybe first for you Andrew, just picking up off the last line of questioning on PlanGrid. Clearly, it seems like it's off to a good start. And I believe the initial approach here was to let them operate largely separately at least for the vast majority of sales. But it seems like you were able to really cross-sell to some mutual customers relatively early on. So can you just talk about how you sort of envision the combined company maybe looking by the end of this fiscal year PlangGrid plus Autodesk BuildingConnected, and within that maybe touch on the - just a very minor overlap you might have with some products with Autodesk versus PlanGrid, and how you plan on sort of handling that?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So first off, all let me comment on some of those synergies we found in shared accounts. So one of the things we did very quickly as we established how we were going to go-to market with our named account side of our business, and a lot of the places where we're seeing like joint shared updates in our named account business. So that was a place where we have a named account rep, where we can come in and say, hey, look you know what, we can augment your solution with PlanGrid and we can do some - we can get this project, put it up on PlanGrid, we can get this project put it up on BIM 360 that's where you're seeing a lot of collaboration, that fits within our standard salesforce, and it's functioning really well, and we have an interconnect strategy between those two, and a quarter retirement strategy that allows people to cross-sell and get benefit in terms of quarter retirement for both sides of the equation. Now what you see that PlanGrid team being highly effective at is doing land and expand in new accounts in the construction ecosystem. And we focus a lot of that team on going out and reaching construction companies that we historically did not touch. And that's where they're spending a lot of energy. So they leverage our named accounts team for some of these synergistic sales and they go out and they find new business out there using their existing infrastructure, which works very effectively. As we move across into the year, what you're going to see is basically - we're going to maintain that essential structure, but we're going to make sure that we coordinate sales more tightly within the Autodesk construction group as we move towards the end of the year. But we're going to continue to have that synergistic relationship between our named account program and the salesforce that sits inside of the construction group. And we just - we just think those synergies are going to increase as the year progresses. Remember, we just rolled out a tokenized version of PlanGrid as well, and you know how effective we are at driving usage within some of the named accounts underneath our EBA, so you're going to see that have a synergistic factor as well and it's all brand new. I mean, we're very, very early on, in that.
Saket Kalia: Maybe for you Scott, just to peel back the onion a little bit on ARR. It was actually a little funny, the maintenance ARR number actually came in a little bit below what I was expecting, but I think the consensus is actually a little bit higher. Maintenance at this point is getting to be such a small part of the business, but I guess maybe just to better help - better calibrate, maybe the pace of decline, any sort of idea for how we should think about that pace of decline in maintenance ARR, maybe through the rest of this year or some broad brushes?
Scott Herren: Yes. So it's a great question, Saket. The M2S program, of course, just entered its third year, right, at the beginning of Q2, we just entered the third year of the M2S program. And this is when the more significant price increase goes into effect for those who want to renew maintenance. Ahead of that what we've seen is the maintenance renewal rates, we're not talking subs in renewal rates anymore, but if we were the maintenance renewal rates have held up very nicely in that space. And so we continue to see both success with conversions. I said that on the - during the script that was in the range that it had been historically, of those that convert the upsell, the collections continues to be good. We're down to at this point just short of 700,000 maintenance customers left, and that I'm super pleased. We started this with a little more than 2 million maintenance subs, and we've now moved all but at about 700,000 over to product subscription. I think this year is the year where we'll see a lot more of the remainder move over. So what I would - my expectations is we'll continue to see good success with that moving over. And of those that elect to say - to stay what we have seen is the minus renewal rates are holding up nicely.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities. Your line is open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Andrew, let me start with you. One of the things that you've talked about with respect to digital infrastructure is your usage telemetry, your ability to observe and collect data about how customers are employing the products, particularly now the - it's mostly subscription. Can you talk about any trends or key observations that you're getting from the use of telemetry particularly in the growing collection space. Second question there's been quite a bit of commentary in the call thus far with regard to direct sales, and how you're handling the integration of the construction acquisitions. A broader question perhaps about customer engagement, you like some other companies have created a new customer success group, and this has become increasingly common in software. What do they do? And how do you measure the success of the customer success group?
Andrew Anagnost: So let me start with the first question about the kind of the insights we're seeing. So we'll - there's a few things I can tell you, one of the insights we're getting is, usage is continuing to go up, it's going up nicely across numerous product sets. And that's really great to see. The other thing we're seeing is that collections are seeing usage patterns better than the old suites in terms of how many products people are using, which shouldn't surprise you, because there's more offerings inside - more diverse offerings inside the collections and we're seeing some of those things. And one of the other things I'll tell you is that the ramp up of "new releases" that were moving away from what we would like to consider major releases. People are ramping up on to the latest capabilities relatively quickly including the people who don't pay us, which is important for us to talk about, because it says, that cohort of non-paying users continues to follow us into some of the newer capabilities. And I think that's important in terms of the future capability of capturing some of that opportunity as we move forward. So yes, we are seeing some more fidelity in terms of usage, and we are seeing some interesting trends and some things that looked a lot better than they were in the suite days. Now in terms of the customer engagement team. The first thing I want to talk about is what is the team measured on? They're measured on net revenue retention. Okay. That's their job. Their job is to go in there and renew and help grow those accounts, and that's the primary metric they track. They also have metrics around MPS for the interaction that they have with the customers, not kind of global MPSs, but relationship MPSs and network net promoter scores around the various interactions. But, primarily, we measure them on how well we capture money from the renewal base and net revenue retention in particular. The way they function is a function along the spectrum from low touch - low human touch digital relationships all the way up to high touch engagements. One of the digital infrastructures we built that's facing this team is what we call the early warning system, it's an umbrella of a lot of metrics that basically give this team a sense for how healthy an account is how healthy are they on their usage capabilities, how healthy are they on their adoption of learning tools, on other tools, has there been a drop off, and it helps them kind of spend their time with the accounts that need the most assistance and the most engagement with Autodesk. It is a new practice, we've beefed it up, it consolidates several things in the area, but I just want to emphasize the number one thing they're revenue - they're measured on is net revenue retention and that's how we track the success of that organization. Scott, do you want to add anything ?
Scott Herren: No. I think you nailed it. That's - We - the customer success team under Ray has actually done really nice job so far, and one of the things we mentioned Jay in the in the opening commentary is that our net revenue retention rate has stayed right in the range that we talked about at Investor Day. Last year, all year, it was in that approximately 110% to 120% range, and it stayed right there again in Q1. So Ray and his team are off to a really good start.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heather Bellini of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Heather Bellini: I had a question about - I know your referenced to linearity in your prepared remarks. I was wondering, if you could share - if you noticed any impact or what you're hearing from your manufacturing customer base in the quarter just due to the kind of ongoing tariff war that seems to be going on, and if they've given you any sense of whether or not that's impacting their own spending plans? And also - I'm just also just because I'm getting asked myself, you obviously had very good outperformance, it seemed on long term deferred versus some people's expectations. Could you share with us kind of how did short-term DR track versus your expectations? And that's it. Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost: So I'll take the first part, then I'll hand the second part over to Scott. So you saw our manufacturing business grew quite nicely during the quarter, really strong growth. Now that doesn't mean we aren't hearing from our manufacturing customers that they're seeing pressure in terms of the commodities they use to build their products and things associated with that. They absolutely are. All of our customers are paying more for certain basic things to bring into their business. But you have to understand what we sell to them isn't a commodity, it isn't a metal or a fabrication or a supplier. It's a mission critical tool and it's a mission critical digital process. And a lot of our customers see these tools and expansion of their investment with us as helping them be more efficient and be more effective when they're seeing cost pressures rise in other areas. Like a lot of those competitive wins I talked about are really focused on consolidation of multiple tool sets into the single solution we offer, which is easier to deploy. It's lighter touch. It's got more and more end to end things, the different types of price points. So customers are actually looking to us to help them get more efficient, while they're seeing the cost of things that roll in the door to make their products go up. So we have not seen any kind of backing away of expenditures in our software space. We're seeing no signs of it. We haven't seen it yet, it doesn't mean things can't change. But we also - we do know that our customers are turning to us to make them more efficient. And I think that, that puts us in a good position when they're seeing the cost of other parts of their business go up. Now I'll turn it over to Scott for the second part.
Scott Herren: Sure. On the second one, it's interesting, Heather, of course what you see showing up in long-term deferred, the sequential growth. There's some of the success we're having in - having multi-year payments get closer to the mean that they had been in historically. We're still not quite there, right? So there's still a little more headroom in long-term deferred to get to what we talked about at Investor Day as that being kind of a low 20% range. If you look at the growth rate year-on-year, the long-term deferred grew 12%, short-term deferred actually grew 21% year-on-year. So we're seeing really nice performance as you'd expect when you see the billings line grow the way it as has. We're seeing really nice performance across the deferred revenue spectrum. When you add in unbilled, total deferred revenue grew 24% year-on-year. So it was obviously strong billings quarter that led to both good revenue results, but in particular, strong growth in deferred.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Hedberg of RBC Capital Markets. Your question please.
Matt Hedberg: Andrew, we continue to hear positive feedback from channel partners around generative design, it really transforming the whole design process. I know this remains a focus for you guys. Wondering about a little bit of an update there on this momentum and really customer receptivity to this - sort of this new way of designing ?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Well, there's a lot going on there, and we're rolling out a lot more in generative tools, especially to the Fusion platform. Manufacturer going to see some new capabilities in terms of generative geometry creation tied to 2.5 axis milling constraints and more of the mainstream kind of CNC applications the customers use. So we'll probably going to see a little bit of an explosion of use of some of these tools as we roll some of this out. But you're right, we're getting a lot of adoption. And the partners are excited about it, because they can go in and have a very, very differentiated discussion with their customers about what they can do with these tools. Now one of the things we're seeing, and I want to make sure that people understand this, because people thought, well, these are really advanced things, isn't just like 3D printing focused, and isn't this just for people that want to create organic shapes for 3D printing. The biggest usage right now that we're seeing with regards to generative design is people exploring new types of design options for things that they either had existing or they are building from scratch, and then taking those explorations and turning them into things they can build using their traditional manufacturing methods. So they're essentially using generative design as a tool to show them new solutions to problems that they wouldn't have naturally found in the first place. And that's one of the exciting things about what's going on right now is that, it's having a real impact in the mainstream customers and on the customers that are kind of looking out on the cutting edge of things. So you're absolutely right, there's lots of reasons to be excited and our partners are really getting engaged in our manufacturing portfolio, because of generative.
Matt Hedberg: And then maybe just a quick one for Scott, obviously, a lot of questions on the construction opportunity. I'm curious when you think about adding sales capacity to this year, how do you kind of think about into the overall pace, and then, how do you think about putting that sort of like more or so in the construction versus A&E or the manufacturing side, just sort of wondering about, just sort of how you kind of allocating your sales capacity adds this year ?
Scott Herren: Sure. Construction is such a massive opportunity for us Matt, it won't surprise you to hear that we rotate a lot of investment into it. Coming on the heels of the acquisitions we did in the fourth quarter, we've also increased spend in each of those. It wasn't the normal buy them and go through a bit of a downsizing, we've actually done the reverse. We've acquired those companies, integrated them nicely into Autodesk and at the same time increased the investment in construction. So great results out of the gate as Andrew mentioned in the opening commentary, and I think you can expect to see us at this level of performance, and what the market really beginning to turn this direction, you can expect to see us continue to invest in construction.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Talanian of Evercore ISI. Your line is open.
Ken Talanian: So for the customers that are still on maintenance, do you have a sense for how the percentage of that group who might upgrade to collections compares to the folks who are already converted?
Scott Herren: What I'd say Ken is really haven't seen the needle move much on that. We've had great success at the point of people moving from maintenance over to product subscription, we've had great success having them kind of cross grade and instead of going single product to single product, going single product to collection. And that really hasn't changed over the last six quarters or eight quarters now that we've been tracking into us. So I'm not expecting a significant change. The one thing I would note in the demographic which is quite not surprising to you, the bigger customers that aren't EBA eligible, obviously the bigger customers that were on maintenance were some of the first to adopt into us and move over. It's not as bigger skew as you might think from the biggest to the smallest, but there is a little bit of a bias to the larger customers. As we get down to the smaller and smaller customers, we might see a point or two difference there, but I wouldn't expect it to be significant. Andrew, anything you'd add?
Andrew Anagnost: No. I think we've seen a consistent pattern, and we don't see anything that would indicate that changing. I agree with you. It's probably going to make a point or two different as we get deeper into that base. Just because of the size and because maybe a mix shift inside that what's left to the maintenance base.
Ken Talanian: And are you seeing any non-payer conversion from the shift to a serial number free licensing model.
Andrew Anagnost: We always see non-payer conversion every year. So one of the things I just have to say, because I say it every call, this non-paying conversion thing isn't going to be this big explosion, all right. It's an ongoing process. Some of these people have very clever ways. They continue to not pay us. But what I will tell you is that we've successfully rolled out some really interesting ways to have conversations with these customers and engage with them directly. And we are learning a lot that we think is going to play pretty significantly into our long-term strategy with regards to converting these people. We have direct engages with them. We can track where they go after an engagement whether or not, they continue to pirate or they pursue some kind of other path. So we're learning a lot. And that's what we expected to do this year. Every year, we convert non-paying users into users, every year, we convert more than we did the previous year. But more importantly, every year, we're learning more about how to effectively engage with these customers. And that should give you a really good feeling about the long-term growth prospects as we start looking at those 14 million non-paying users and converting them over the next few years.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sterling Auty of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Sterling Auty: I think you gave commentary that you saw strength across geographies, obviously see the pie chart with the percentages. But just wondering for - about some colored commentary. Looking at the PMI results coming out of Europe today, there's been questions in other areas of software around possible squishing as here in North America, what are you seeing from just the macro by geography ?
Andrew Anagnost: So we're not seeing any kind of geography-based slowdowns. And by the way, the PMI in EMEA has actually been in contraction territory for a while. So it isn't like a new phenomena. And for us, we see the PMI as measuring a different side of the demand curve. It's much more focused on the purchasing of kind of the core assets that kind of go in the door and come out as product. We're selling efficiency in digital transformation. So right now, we - and what - actually let's just look back historically, we've never seen a strong correlation between the PMI and near-term impacts on our business. Long term, as the PMI phasing contraction territory, you absolutely, eventually would see an impact on our business. Short-term what people do is they tend to buy more of our software to try to invest in digitization and kind of getting their processes more aligned, more efficient. So we're not seeing any slowdown in any geographic areas. And the ongoing PMI results don't signal anything to us in terms of our demand environment.
Sterling Auty: And then one follow up, do you mind as where are we in terms of the various pricing or discount changes both on maintenance and other parts that you had outlined at the beginning of the transition. What changes recently went into effect if any? And what were the impacts?
Scott Herren: Yes. Sterling on the - you're talking about the maintenance to subscription program that we're - that we just began or if you remember, we started that program actually kind of middle of Q2 a couple of years ago. So we just began the third year of that. And at the third year, what we have said then and just went into effect at the beginning of May is the cost to convert - the price to convert would go up by 5%, the price through renew maintenance from last year, the price through new maintenance have got up 20%. So both of those increases went into effect in early May. So we're sitting three weeks into that right now, not expecting to see any significant change in terms of renewal rate. I do think at this point, it probably becomes a lot more attractive for those that have gone under maintenance, to actually make the conversion. Through the first quarter what we saw in conversion rates, as they kind of held in at that roughly a third that are converting at about the point of renewal. We'll see now with the difference in - pretty significant difference in price. We'll see how that goes in this quarter and through the end of the year.
Operator: Next question comes from the line of Matthew Broome of Mizuho. Your line is open.
Matthew Broome: You recently launched 2020 editions to AutoCAD, Revit and some other products. Just curious how early feedback has been for that. So that which new features you believe will have the biggest impact?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So like I said earlier, we've seen pretty rapid adoption of these capabilities as they rolled out, which actually bodes well for how customers are reacting to those things. I don't have any feedback on particular feature sets. Because we're working like a big lumps of areas, like in one area we're working on in Revit in particular, is on rail and things associated with rail and adding capabilities that make it more efficient for rail. So there's going to be lots of areas and each one of these products that are broadly accepted. But when it comes to AutoCAD in particular, customers are starting to embrace the multi-platform nature of what we've done with AutoCAD, and the way we're making it easy to integrate not only our own storage environments, but third-party storage environments like Dropbox and Box, and other types of environments, so that our customers can efficiently use AutoCAD data in multiple types of storage environments. One of the features we rolled out and it doesn't get a lot of visibility is that when a customer is inside the Dropbox environment, and they go and they click on a DWG files, it actually launches the AutoCAD - AutoCAD web, the viewer - and it put its full AutoCAD web, and it actually says, you are subscriber, if you're a subscriber they get the edit experience. But it is the - AutoCAD web version inside these applications, that kind of reach that we're getting with some of those things is actually exposing more and more customers to the power of the multi-platform view we've taken with some of these applications. So I think you're going to hear more and more about what we're doing there. On the Revit side, you're going to hear more and more about some of the things we're doing around rail and other areas, where we're extending the capabilities to be not just Revit, but in InfraWorks such as more specifically say it's on the InfraWorks side. You're going to hear more and more about some of those things as well. But those are some of the areas that are getting a lot of interest and a lot of traction.
Matthew Broome: And I guess, could you provide a brief update on the media and entertainment business. It looks like there was a little bit of revenue deceleration there during the quarter.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So there's a couple of things you want to know about the media and entertainment business. One, it's very sensitive to large deals. All right. So for instance in Q4, we had a couple of really big deals in M&E. So there was a quarter or a quarter change around media and entertainment just related those deals. Last Q1, we also had a big deal that came in. And like I said, the media and entertainment business of all our businesses is very sensitive to these large deals. So there is a quarter over compare to that large deal, but in addition and this is something I want you to pay attention to over a multi-quarter scenario, similar to what we did in our manufacturing business, we've retired certain products in that space that we're no longer collecting revenue on and you'll see some kind of year-over-year declines associated with that. So for instance, we don't charge for sketchbook anymore that product is out there, it's completely free, it's available to people to anybody who wants to use it. That, that money isn't in there anymore, and it shows up in the year-over-year. But those are things that are affecting the M&E business. We actually had a pretty robust M&E quarter, right? But as I said, there's sensitivity to large deals and this idea that we feel kind of retired certain products especially things like sketchbook that are going to have year-over-year impacts.
Operator: Our next question comes from Rob Oliver of Baird. Your line is open.
Rob Oliver: I wanted to take it back to the construction side if I could Andrew, and talk a little bit about the pricing side. I know you've said you guys favor the named user bundles. How is pricing playing out so far relative to your expectations coming in? And on those 15 deals in particular, where there was head-to-head competition, did price play a role at all? And then I have a very quick follow-up? Thanks.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So first off, like I said, we're really happy with the results of construction in Q1, we hit all our goals we're looking good heading into Q2, we're really happy with things that are going on. So let me tell you right out of the gate, that the pricing models are working in their form, but I think I know you're asking a different question. So like - when we go in against the competitor, let me tell you about the two things that help us win. The first thing is competitors just like the story, they see us with a best-in-class field execution solution at one end, they see us with a best-in-class design collaboration solution at the other end, all cloud-based. And they just look at us and when we tell them look, we're going to connect the building information model all the way from design through to site execution, and we're going to do it with these things in between, they believe us, and they see it and they expect it all of its functionality is going to roll out over time. And when we do things like accelerate the rollout of PlanGrid BIM into the PlanGrid environment as quickly as we did, people start to say, okay, thank you Autodesk, you're showing us the evidence that we're heading in the right direction. So they buy the vision, they buy Autodesk role, they don't see anybody else able to do this end-to-end kind of connection the way we're doing, and that's been something we've been consistent about. And yes, when they go in and look at the business model that we come to market with, they say look yours is a much more customer-friendly business model, this is one I can grow with. This business model over here is this going to penalize me as I grow. So yes, we do see those things. But I want to just make it clear, primary reason we win is the big story. And that's the thing that is getting customers excited. It's the thing that's engaging them, and it's the thing that's bringing more people into our ecosystem and we are seeing that.
Rob Oliver: And just as a quick follow up, and Andrew, you had mentioned on the last call and Scott just reiterated. Did you guys not only absorb the planned R&D at PlanGrid and BuildingConnected but you've ramped that R&D. And aside from platforming and integration, and this - and I apologize because this maybe leading on to the - to for the ramp of other areas that you're seeing from an end-user functionality perspective, that are interesting to you as a possible recipient of those R&D dollars. Thank you guys very much.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So one of the things, I want to make sure I reiterate. I mentioned this during the last call, but I think it bodes restating, we've definitely applied clear missions to the two product stacks and the two teams frankly and we've actually swapped people back and forth between the two teams. PlanGrid is very much focused on field execution and being the best-in-class tool for field execution. So they're looking to accelerate the roadmap that they had in place for field execution both customer-driven and internally-driven, and that's where they're spending their dollars. On BIM 360, we're focusing the BIM 360 team much more on closing all the gaps around project management and things associated with project management, RFI flow and all of the things that go - connected to that and then connecting those things back to the PlanGrid environment and the customer see a seamless flow. So we've - this mission-based assignment of teams has been super important. It has resulted in additional R&D dollars going in. We are absolutely accelerating PlanGrid's roadmap, not decelerating it, and we're accelerating BIM 360's roadmap with regards to project management capabilities. So that, that you will hear more about in June. But I think it's important to just reiterate, where we put the money and how we're spending it to moving forward because we really do want these solutions to survive, thrive, grow and connect together rapidly inside Autodesk. So we're committed to that and yes, we spend more and we brought them in and we got the results we wanted. So I think we're going to keep doing that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kash Rangan of Bank of America. Your line is open.
Kash Rangan: My question Andrew for you is when you look at the maintenance subscription conversion program, can you just give us an update on how much of that installed base has accepted the price increase versus converting to subscriptions and what is left in that third bucket? Any strategy or plans you might have in place to convince the last set of holdouts to get on the program. Thank you very much.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So we never, we never expected that every subscription - that every maintenance customer was going to move to subscription during this program. I think one thing that's important to note is we basically converted two-thirds of them already at this point. So there's really only one-third of the subscription base left from when we started this program. And as we told you over and over again, we've - everyone we've moved, we're growing the value of those customers through consolidation and through other efforts associated with that. So we have to pause and look at well how far have we come here with regards to this program. And I think it's pretty impressive results given what we're trying to accomplish. We have always expected that by the end of the year, there were going to be a set of customers left in, and there are going to be a set of customers left in maintenance. But I think also what you heard from Scott earlier is that the renewal rates for maintenance are holding up quite well, incredibly well actually even with the price increases that are in front of customers. So customers are going with us along the journey. There are going to be some left at the end of the year still on maintenance, and we'll look at what we do in terms of working with those customers as we get to that point. But we're already two-thirds in there, we'll be more than two-thirds by the end of the year, we've been successful in increasing the value of those customers and most of those customers that have moved over are happy and the ones that are still on maintenance are renewing it at robust rates. So the program looks like a success to me.
Operator: Next question comes from Keith Weiss of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Hamza Fodderwala: This is Hamza Fodderwala in for Keith Weiss. Just a couple of quick questions from my end. The first one, so the manufacturing revenue growth really accelerated this quarter and it's been up double-digits for a few quarters now. I'm just wondering what's the inflection point there as far as you starting to really put up growth that's faster than many of your peers, what's driving some of that share gain? And what's the roadmap there going forward?
Andrew Anagnost: So Hamza what you're seeing there is the strength that was always there underneath that you couldn't see, because of all the product retirements we did. Alright. So we've been doing this for several quarters in the core part of our business, which is one of the reasons why we're so excited about, how we're doing in manufacturing in general right now. You saw declines or slowness in the manufacturing business, because we retired a whole set of products. Some of them we just retired completely, some of them were transitioned into the collections environment, some of them were combined with other products, we did some large consolidations, and this resulted in some revenue that is essentially disappeared. But it showed up eventually in other places, so now what you're seeing is the underlying strength in the core manufacturing business that was always there. And we're - like I said excited about it and when you look at some of the things that are in the roadmap, what you're going to see is tighter and tighter coupling of this design to make workflows. You're going to see more showing up in Fusion with regards to end-to-end design all the way through to machining workflows and new generative algorithms that take not only 3D printing workflows, but - workflows for 2 axis, 2.5 axis, 3 axis milling operations and automating the geometry creation. You're also going to see more workflows between Inventor and Fusion. So that Inventor customers can take advantage of the downstream production workflows that are built inside a Fusion. Customers are starting to look inside the manufacturing and - the product design and manufacturing collection and they're cracking it open and they're seeing some things that they think are pretty amazing. That's part and parcel of what's driving our growth. Customers are consolidating on what we have because they see us. I can take these eight weird things that I had against consolidating this as one thing. And by the way I've got this cloud workflow that makes all my data problems a lot cleaner and it's just working. And I expect you'll see it to continue to work in the future. So I'm just happy you can now see the underlying strength in the business that we knew was there all along.
Hamza Fodderwala: And just a quick follow up. We did hear that there was a price increase on multi-user licenses in May. Just wondering if that caused any pull forward business from Q2 to Q1. That's it from me.
Scott Herren: So we did see and we referred to this a little bit in the opening commentary, Hamza. We did see a little bit of early renew activity, but really the same percent that we've seen historically. So if you add up our total sales what percent were early renews where you'd see people trying to front run the price increases earlier renews. So as we looked at that, it was really in line from a percentage basis with what we've seen historically. So I don't - I'm not anticipating any change or any kind of an impact to the full year model from that. Having said that, the change we made on multi-user pricing was really to do a better job capturing the value of what we're shipping with that you've seen us make kind of incremental changes in multi-user now for a couple of - couple of years in a row. And it's to better align the price with the value that's being delivered on multi-user.
Operator: At this time, I'd like to turn the call over to Abhey Lamba for closing remarks. Sir?
Abhey Lamba: Yes. Thank you for joining us this afternoon. If you have any questions, feel free to contact us. Thanks for joining us. Bye.
Operator: That does conclude our conference. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2019 Q4  (2019-02-28 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Autodesk Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2019 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference Mr. Abhey Lamba, VP of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Abhey Lamba: Thanks, operator , and good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our fourth quarter and full year of fiscal 2019. On the line is Andrew Anagnost, our CEO; and Scott Herren, our CFO. Today’s conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. As noted in our press release, we have published our prepared remarks and a slide presentation on our website in advance of this call. The prepared remarks document is intended to serve in place of extended formal comments and we will not repeat them on this call. Going forward, we will replace the prepared remarks with the slide presentation, lastly we will post a transcript of today’s opening commentary on our website following this call.  During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the anticipated future performance of the company, such as our guidance for the first quarter and full-year fiscal 2020, our long-term financial model guidance, our revenue and cash flow expectations, the factors we use to estimate our guidance, our maintenance to subscription transition, our expectations regarding product mix and pricing, ARPS, customer value, cost structure, our market opportunities and strategies, and trends for various products, geographies and industries. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time-to-time with the SEC, specifically our Form 10-K for fiscal year 2018, our Form 10-Q for the period ending October 31, 2018, and our current reports on Form 8-K including the Form 8-K filed with today’s press release and prepared remarks. Those documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today’s call, but we will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today’s press release, prepared remarks and on the Investor Relations section of our website. We will quote a number of numeric or growth changes as we discuss our financial performance, and unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison under ASC 606. And now, I would like to turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks, Abhey. I am excited to share with you our impressive close to fiscal 2019 and the strong momentum we experienced closing the year. Consistent with the prior two quarters, we experienced strong personal performance across all geographic regions and in all product categories.  In fiscal 2019, we achieved multiple milestones putting us in an excellent position to deliver on our fiscal 2020 targets and advance the company to the next chapter of growth. Here are some of the key accomplishments we achieved this year. Recurring revenue was 95% of total revenues for the full year and has reached a steady state. Our total revenues of nearly $2.6 billion were the highest ever in the company's history. Our total subscription plan subs are now greater than total maintenance subs were at the peak of the prior model. We returned to positive free cash flow and earnings, we significantly expanded our operating margin and we strengthened our construction portfolio and now have an unrivaled breadth of construction solutions. Beyond that, I couldn't be prouder of the Autodesk team that delivered these results. They worked hard and they deserve all the credit and it’s my honor to represent them. Now before I dig deeper into our successes in the quarter let me take a step out and revisit the five key priorities I laid out for the company at the beginning of last year. Our top priority entering fiscal 2019 was the continued execution of the business model transition. We now have less than 20% of our revenues coming from maintenance agreements and I'm happy to report that we were effectively finished with the model transition and look forward to executing on our growth strategy. We continue to invest in digitizing the company to provide our customers with a better experience as they grew through their own digital transformations, which is a recurring theme we hear from all of them. We have a focus on driving the building information model to the design and make process in AEC and during the year we highlighted a number of customer wins that are using BIM to manage their design and make processes in the AEC industry. We look forward to executing on that theme further in fiscal 2020 as BIM momentum remains strong. We are continuing to invest in automating the process of design to manufacturing and we are seeing early signs of the conversions of construction and manufacturing processes. Looking at our Q4 performance we built upon the broad based strength over last couple of quarters by achieving 34% growth in annualized recurring revenue or ARR, which remains the most important metric for us. We are becoming a more strategic partner for all of our customers, but in particular for our larger customers, a fast reflected in the strong growth of our enterprise business. Within product categories we continue to see greater adoption of industry collections in our BIM 360 solutions. In line with our expectations our free cash flow has accelerated in a meaningful way as our billings topped $1 billion for the first time in the fourth quarter. Scott will walk you through more of the financials, but I want to spend a little bit more time talking about our progress in various areas. Expertise in our products remained in high demand and is growing rapidly, according to indeed hiring lab AutoCAD expertise is featured among the top 10 fastest growing skills and technology job searches. In addition according to Upwork’s latest quarterly index Revit expertise is featured among the top 15 hardest skills for freelancers in the U.S. job market. These are important indicators of the ongoing opportunity we have to grow our subscription base and to turn more and more of our users into subscribers. During the year, we strengthened the foundation of our construction business with both organic and inorganic investments. In addition to investing in our BIM 360 portfolio we purchased assemble systems to bolster our preconstruction capabilities, plan grid for document centric workloads and field execution and building connected for bidding and risk management. This year our focus is on integrating these businesses to deliver even greater value to our customers. The broaden product portfolio will help us expand our presence with general contracts, sub-contractors and building owners. The feedback from our customers regarding these acquisitions has been overwhelmingly positive and they’re excited about the expansion of our portfolio. For instance, Clayco a leading construction design firm based in Chicago has been an Autodesk customer for many years. As use of BIM 360, Assemble, PlanGrid and Building connective they have fully embraced the digitization of construction. They rely on the breadth of our portfolio deliver value to their customers by automating their design and make activities throughout the preconstruction and construction processes. We look forward to strengthening our relationship with Clayco by investing in solutions that expand their workloads. Additionally, we see opportunities to expand our relationships with other leading companies in the space. Beyond that BIM adoption remains one of the key drivers of investments in the infrastructure space. Mandates for using BIM drove another seven figured enterprise agreement with a large European infrastructure provider during the quarter. We doubled our contract with the customer as they look to expand the adoption of BIM for building and managing their infrastructure projects. Our unique portfolio design tools is allowing them to expand from products like AutoCAD and Inventor into Revit the world’s leading BIM design tool. BIM 360 for site execution and other advanced analysis tools. We look further to strengthening our partnership with them and many other organizations that are looking to rely on advanced technologies to drive efficiencies. On the manufacturing side generative design and our investments in Fusion continue to attract global manufacturing leaders to partner with us. During the quarter, we signed an enterprise agreement with Hyundai Motor Group who plans to leverage our technologies to create innovative designs. Hyundai is very interested in utilizing our capabilities in general design and we look forward to partnering with them to drive innovation in the automotive space. In summary, I am extremely pleased with our fiscal 2019 performance and I'm excited about the future. We are entering fiscal 2020 with strong momentum in every geographic region and across all product categories. This sets us up well to achieve our target of $1.35 billion of free cash flow this year. We also expect to see acceleration in our construction business this year and beyond. When combined with continued execution in the quarter this will drive strong ARR growth into the future and help us reach our FY2023 goals. Now, I'll turn it over to Scott for more details on the financials. 
Scott Herren: Thanks, Andrew. Before digging into the numbers, I would echo Andrew’s excitement entering fiscal 2020 as we are experiencing great momentum in our business driven by strong execution. Record billings of just over $1 billion in the quarter, coupled with better than expected cash collections drove free cash flow of $294 million. For the year, we ended up generating free cash flow of $310 million this kind of powerful leverage and the model drives our confidence in achieving our fiscal 2020 cash flow target. Before discussing more detailed financial metrics for the quarter, let me highlight the impact of the fourth quarter acquisitions on our results. The acquisitions contributed $27 million to ARR, $7 millions to total revenue and $43 million to billings for the quarter. Recall that we calculate billings by adding the change in deferred revenue from the balance sheet to our reported revenues. The acquisition contributed $36 million to deferred revenue on the balance sheet, and $61 million to unbilled deferred for a combined contribution of $97 billion to total deferred revenue. The acquisitions also increased our total expenses by $12 million, resulting in a negative impact of $5 million to our operating income or 85 basis points to our non-GAAP margin for the quarter. The acquisitions negatively impacted our non-GAAP earnings per share by $0.03. Lastly, they contributed 127,000 subscriptions that are included within our recorded cloud and total subs numbers. Please refer to the earnings slide deck on our website for more information on the contribution from acquisitions and our adjusted results for the quarter. And I'll discuss the remaining financial metrics excluding acquisitions as our fourth quarter 2019 guidance did not include their contributions. Our Q4 ARR growth of 33% benefited from a 17% increase in total ARPS and 13% increase in subscriptions. Our strong performance across all product lines and geographic regions drove the results for the quarter. There was approximately 1 percentage point of benefits to the ARR growth related to upfront revenue recognition of some products such as VRED [ph] and Vault that do not incorporate substantial cloud services and are recognized up front. Before I go into more details about our subs and ARPS, let me reiterate that this is the last time will be disclosing subs and ARPS on a quarterly basis. Going forward we will use events like our annual Investor Day to report on these metrics that will help you build your long-term models. Looking at subscriptions, we grew total subscriptions by 13% to $4.2 million. In the quarter our subscription plan subs grew by 291,000, organically, led by growth in product subscriptions. We added 51,000 cloud subs driven by the continued adoption of them BIM 360 solutions. For core subscriptions or net additions of 74,000 were driven by strong adoption of our industry collections, which continue to grow as a percentage of net new products subs sold. Industry collections now represents approximately 28% of our total subscription install base. Moving to the maintenance to subscription program or M2S. We continue to make solid progress. In Q4 our 110,000, customers migrated from maintenance to product subscriptions. We now converted nearly 800,000 maintenance customers to subscriptions since the inception of the program.  Similar to the last few quarters, the conversion rate remains strong, with approximately one third of the maintenance renewal opportunities migrating to product subscriptions. Of those that migrated upgrade rates among eligible subscriptions remain within the historical range of 25% to 35%. We expect the number of M2S interest migrations to moderate in fiscal 2020 as we have less than 800,000 maintenance subs remaining. Maintenance renewal rates experienced the modest decline versus a year ago, which is as expected. Product subscription renewal rates ticked up year-over-year. Overall, we continue to experience very high renewal rates for M2S related subs and industry collections continue to command higher renewal rates. We expect the renewal rate for product subs to keep increasing as the product mix shifts towards higher value products. Now, let's talk a little bit more about annualized revenue subscription ARPS. Total ARPS posted another quarter of strong growth as it continues to benefit from the same drivers we discussed at last year's Investor Day and that have manifested in the previous few quarters.  These drivers include continued growth of the renewal base, which comes at a higher price to Autodesk, the increase in digital sales also at a higher net price to Autodesk, the product mix shifts industry collections, the maintenance price increase for those customers who don't take advantage of the M2S program, unless discounting and promotional activity. Contributions from our direct business raised by 2 points sequentially to 30%. Our eStore which is like a bigger part of our digital sales grew by more than 50% in fiscal 2019. For the past 6 quarters, our eStore has generated over 20% of the new product subscriptions. Q4 also marked the 9th consecutive quarter of more than 30% growth in our enterprise business, demonstrating greater adoption within the largest customers. In fact, our EBAs posted over 60% revenue growth in the quarter. Looking at the balance sheet, total deferred revenue grew 13%, which also includes the unbilled amount. Unbilled deferred revenue increased by $80 million sequentially to $530 million due to strong EBA performance. Our long-term deferred revenue post in sequential growth for the first time in the second quarter, driven by multi-year subscriptions, which we expect to normalize back toward historical norms during fiscal 2020 and beyond.  While our stock repurchases slowed down in Q4 as we are conserving cash for the acquisitions. We used $293 million in fiscal year 2019 to repurchase 2.2 million shares at an average price of $130.15. We remain committed to managing dilution and reducing shares outstanding overtime. Now, I'll turn the discussion to our outlook. And I'll start by saying that our view of the global economic conditions remains unchanged for the last few quarters and we continue to monitor the potential macroeconomic impact from Brexit and the various trade and tariff disputes. There have been some foreign exchange volatility, but our hedging program has succeeded in smoothing out the bigger swings.  We are reiterating our fiscal 2020 free cash flow outlook of approximately $1.35 billion. Our across the board strength and momentum exiting fiscal 2019 will help us drive ARR growth in the range of 27% to 29%. On an organic basis, we expect our total non-GAAP expenses to grow by only 2%, while the acquisitions will drive another 7 points of growth.  In line with our initial plans, we expect billings growth to accelerate to about 50% due to continued normalization of our multi-year billings, flow through from unbilled deferred, strengthen our renewals, new subscription growth and acquisitions. Recall that our fiscal 2019 billings were negatively impacted due to the adoption of ASC 606 accounting standard, which combined with the recent acquisitions is offering a little over 10 percentage point tailwind to our billings growth in fiscal 2020. Looking at the quarterization of free cash flow for fiscal 2020 given normal seasonality and strength of payment collections and large deals signed in the fourth quarter, we expect about three-fourths of our free cash flow to be generated in the second half of the year. Lastly, the non-GAAP tax rate for fiscal 2020 is expected to be 18% or a point lower than fiscal 2019.  Looking at our guidance for the first quarter, our strength in the fourth quarter presents a tough sequential compare, given normal software seasonality, other revenue in Q1 is expected to be about half as much as we experienced in Q4. Normalizing for the upfront revenue recognition in the fourth quarter subscriptions and contributions from recent acquisitions our expected sequential change for the first quarter revenue growth is in line with our historical trends. Slide deck on our website has more details on modeling assumptions for the fiscal first quarter and full year 2020. Before we start the Q&A part of the call, let me summarize by highlighting that fiscal 2019 was a year of milestones for us. We exiting the year with strong momentum in our free cash flow that drove our revenue growth plus free cash flow margin to 37% for the year.  Going forward, we continue to focus on driving our free cash flows driven by ARR growth and margin expansion. I could not be prouder of the accomplishments of the Autodesk team and I want to acknowledge our fantastic employees, customers and partners around the world. We look forward to seeing most of you on our Analyst Day on March 28th where we'll discuss our plans in more details.  Operator, we’d now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Philip Winslow with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Philip Winslow: Thanks guys for taking my question and congrats on a great close of the year. Andrew just wanted to focus in on the ton of business obviously Scott mentioned that your view of the economic conditions were still positive unchanged for the last couple of quarters. If you do drill down into the industries AEC manufacturing what's the feedback that you're hearing from customers about their spending intention, anything that you want to call out there? And then just one follow-up for Scott on that.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. All right, Phil thanks. Look like we said we're seeing strength across all the geographies and all the industries everyone's growing well, and everyone is signaling an intention to keep buying. So right now we don't see signs of a slowdown in anyone's purchasing activity. And we probably told you previously many times that we watch the AutoCAD and LT revenue streams fairly carefully to see if we see any signs those grew 36% year-over-year. So they're still robust and strong. So right now all the industries we look in Phil they're all showing signs of a continued growth. So nothing slowing down right now.
Scott Herren: Yes, Phil from a revenue standpoint AEC growth was 35% for the quarter, that’s quite sequentially. So AEC has been strong for us all year continue to be strong manufacturing growth actually picked up from 20% in Q3 to 29% in the quarter we just closed. So we're seeing, if anything we're seeing in staying hard and get stronger.
Philip Winslow: Got you. And then Scott follow-up on your comments on ARPS just wonder if you could help us just kind of frame this coming fiscal year obviously you had a lot of positives in fiscal 2019 maintenance pricing M2S collections. How are you thinking about just ARPS this coming year and maybe kind of walk us through the puts and takes this year compared to fiscal 2019.
Scott Herren: Yes, so I think we'll continue to see the same trends that we’ve seen in ARPS. The long-term drivers of our ARPS growth are still in place. That's the shift -- that continued shift to industry collections obviously drives on our subs we gave you some stats in the opening commentary that the industry collections are now 28% of our total product subscription base which is huge. So that's driving ARPS subs I think that trend continues. We'll see higher net from a continuing growth in the renewal base and renewals come to us at higher net price. We’ll see the continued shift to direct sales, which also comes to us at a higher price. And then smaller pricing changes and less discounting. So some of the core trends that we saw driving it and we talked about it last Investor Day and we saw it driving it this year. Those things will continue in the fiscal 2020.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Saket Kalia with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Saket Kalia: Hey guys, thanks for taking my questions here. Maybe just to shift gears to construction and start with you Andrew. Realizing it's still early for PlanGrid, can you just talk about how you're thinking about pricing strategies here down the road. I know that we've talked about the benefits of the per user model. But if I think about other packages like EBAs, which have been so successful as of late and think about potential with PlanGrid., I'm curious how you're thinking about PlanGrid pricing strategy with what you've learned with some of the innovations with Autodesk pricing strategy down the road?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, Saket that's a really good question. I mean, I think you probably know that PlanGrid current pricing strategy is basically packets that have unlimited project access, unlimited number of sheets that are being accessed. So they have a nail gun, dozer and clean kind of purchase level. We have named user models. We also have a project based model and then we have the pay per use EBA model. One of the things that's important to recognize about the construction ecosystem is projects involve multiple people participating on trying to create an outcome. And generally speaking, what people want to do is get as many people into the project using the software as possible. And they want to do it in a predictable and economical way. So you've seen lots of models being played within the space.  One is the project based model where people charge you as a percent of the project value and every project they add, they keep charging you more. We found that model to be very problematic as you get deeper and deeper into your customers’ business because the customers basically start to push back and this idea of paying more and more based on the number of projects you're putting into the ecosystem. Named user bundles are attractive because you can essentially, pay charge discounted pricing for thousands of users at once. You'll probably see that showing up in the PlanGrid model moving forward. And you mentioned lastly, the notion of paper used pricing. So imagine being able to sign up for a project and just pay for what you use as you go along through the project. You'll probably see us start to experiment with those things as we move out in the later years. At the very least PlanGrid over a period of time, we'll start integrating with our EBA model. And our EBA customers will be able to do pay per use models. So looking forward, start to imagine the plan grid models lining up with some of the models we already have and start seeing us looking at more kind of paper use type models as we move into bigger and bigger project ecosystems.
Saket Kalia: Got it, that's really helpful. And maybe on that same topic for you, Scott. Can you just remind us how the billings work for PlanGrid and BuildingConnected? And similarly how that could change over time just as those businesses become more integrated with Autodesk?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, initially with PlanGrid and BuildingConnected we're leaving the sales teams intact so we can maintain the momentum in each of those businesses. So they will flow and they will be consolidated obviously with our total results, but they'll flow in through their own sales teams. I expect to see -- for the full year I expect to see those billings come driving somewhere around the mid-single digits of our year-on-year billings growth. So, it's a notable amount of billings growth for the year. The one exception to that is we will have the PlanGrid sales also incorporated to our named accounting, the people that sell on to our largest customers sell the EBAs. They'll also be selling PlanGrid. So a little bit it coming from our own sales team the remainder will continue to come through the sales teams that are there. And we are investing by the way to grow those sales teams post-acquisition.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Heather Bellini : Great, thank you so much for taking the question. I had two just related to collections and then on the construction side. You guys have obviously seen a pretty steady mix shift over to collections skews and I'm just wondering if you could share a little bit with us, what's driving those conversions? And specifically, are you doing anything to help and sent that with maybe special promotions around collections?  And is there any change in terms of the mix I think you used to say it would be expected it to be 30% of the mix? Any update on that would be helpful. And then, I had a follow up on the construction side, which obviously now you've got a more robust offering. I'm just wondering what you're seeing if anything different from a competitive standpoint. Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost: All right, Heather. So I'll start make a comment on the collections thing and I'll let Scott weigh in as well and then we can come back to the construction point. So real quick, what's happening with collections is kind of what we expected as customers are looking at their options they're looking at upgrading from maintenance to subscription, they're looking at how they move their new suites into new types of mixes.  They're just looking at the collections and saying, hey, what this is a better way for me to consolidate my offering. My typical user uses this application and this application. I'm just going to true up on collections. We saw a similar phenomenon with suites. We're just seeing it accelerated in at a somewhat larger scale with collections. And we expect that to continue as we move forward, which is a good thing. One, it simplifies our relationship with the customer. It increases the value of the account on an account by account basis. And it gets more of our technology on our users' desktop. So it's all goodness from our perspective. Scott do you want to add something?
Scott Herren : The only thing Heather to the question of what's driving that? Why is it going faster than suites? So we've talked in the past about a lot of work that was done to simplify from suites that were several different suites and each had three different versions a good, better, best version down to three. And I think that simplicity has made it not only easier to sell and more efficient for our sales team and our channel partners, it has made it easier to buy on the buy side. So I think that's the biggest driver behind it. There's always an occasional promo, there's nothing we've done explicit to try to drive this much faster. I would say at the point of conversion, as Andrew just talked about, when you convert from maintenance to product subscription, that is a very attractive price point. At that point to go from individual products over to collections. That's why we're seeing that upgrade hitting that next 25% to 30% of those eligible or actually taking advantage of it and go into a collection from a single call.
Andrew Anagnost: Heather you actually hit on something, back in the suites days we did lots of cross selling promotions around suites. We've done very few if any, around collections, which is a really big difference between that program and what we're doing now. And I think it talks to the maturity of the model and its connection with subscriptions. Now on your construction comments with regards to competitive dynamics, we’ve kind of surged into these acquisitions, really pleased with what we're seeing, we feel like we've consolidated I think pretty broad and exceptional solution. And it's right on track with some of our long term strategic objectives.  So when we go and talk to customers right now the conversation isn’t really about competitors it’s about okay what’s going to happen with the PlanGrid roadmap, what’s going to happen with the BIM 360 roadmap, how are you going to get the building information more entrenched into my processes. So our conversations with customers are excitement about what we’re doing, not about what our competitors are doing, which is a really great conversation to have. And I just want to remind you a couple of things so that you kind of get a good sense for what we’re doing here with regards to both PlanGrid and BuildingConnected we acquired these companies and we did not changed their run rate with regard to R&D we didn’t change the run rate at all. In fact, we’ve layered more R&D investment into PlanGrid and into BIM 360. So what we’re doing is we’re accelerating the roadmaps of both of those products with much more targeting. So PlanGrid is going to focus a lot more on site execution and the things associated with that execution. BIM 360 is going to focus a lot more on project management and project flow these are two incredibly sharp teams that are just going to kill it with what we’ve been able to do with the acceleration we’re layering in. That’s why you’re seeing things like construction IQ coming out right now, which we’re really excited about because it’s completely differentiated in the market. That’s using data that only we have to aggregated layer machine learning on and actually provide predictive outcomes of what could possibly happen in a construction project moving forward. Nobody has that kind of stuff. So you’re seeing a surge ahead of the competition, not lose any momentum at all. This is a big area for us and we’re taking it really seriously and we’re investing more.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Your line is now open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Andrew for the six quarters as you’ve been highlighting your own internal digital infrastructure is there somebody for you to characterize or quantify or if otherwise describe how that infrastructure particularly in terms of transactional and license activation capabilities has evolved. I mean it’s clear that your intuitive license volume is already well above where it was before the model transition you’ve got some pretty ambitious plans for multiplying the size of the eStore. So in terms of what’s occurred and what still has to occur could you talk about that infrastructure? And then a follow up.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, so Jay, this is actually something really exciting I can comment with regarding to infrastructure. It doesn’t get a lot of news, but what’s happening now is that every new purchase of a single user license that happens out there in the market whether it happens from a partner or directly to us is going into a completely new backend that is serial number three.  So all of our customers that buy these single user licenses that used to manage large spreadsheet for serial numbers that is all gone. So they are actually buying licenses that are completely identity based and that is a powerful lubricant to how our customers manage and use Autodesk software.  Now at the same time the existing licenses they have that are sitting on the old model serial number base are being progressively migrated over to the new system. So by the end of the year every single user license is going to be sitting on this new system and serial numbers are gone from our single user business. Now if you know anything about how people manage our software, this is a non-value added activity that sucks lots of time in dollars away from managing a relationship with Autodesk that is getting removed. And that is a direct results of the investment we’ve made in the digital infrastructure. You’re going to see similar moves as we look at how we do multi user licensing in the future that’s something I’ll save for another day. Now the other thing that we’re able to do and you’re going to see it coming out more and more is usage analysis and it’s not just for our EBAs, but we’re actually going to be projecting usage behavior back to our customers so they can see who’s using what and to what degree the software is getting utilized. Now that will allow them to better control their relationship with Autodesk, it will allow us to better understand what they’re using and what we can recommend to them next. So this year is a big year for lighting up infrastructure changes that we’ve been investing in over the last 18 months and customers are going to see real benefits Jay these are not trivial changes in the way they manage their relationship with Autodesk. So we’re actually pretty excited about it.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay, thank you for that. The follow-up is as you know we track pretty closely your headcount your open regs and where you’re investing in sales and R&D and so forth you have quite a number of very interesting sounding senior management positions which you are looking fill and maybe you could talk about the thinking behind some of those.  For instance a Head of Building Design Strategy, a Chief Data Architect, Head of Brand Strategy, Brand Activation, a Head of Self-Service Transactions, multiple things that sounds pretty interesting and maybe just put that in the context of where you're going this year and beyond.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So look, we are dead serious about having every aspect of Autodesk be completely digital. End-to-end from the customer’s first touch to when they get the product, to when they use the product and when we provide layered automations on top of them. We manage and deal with mountains of data from our customers.  So for instance, what you heard about the chief architect role there that’s all about making sure that the infrastructure we're building behind the scenes takes that data from cradle to grave so it adds value to the customer in every single touch point. And does it in such a way that it's highly trusted, high integrity, the data is used in the service to the customer, not in the service of anyone else. So those roles, what you're seeing is basically how we're translating the maturity of our investment into new types of automation activity. And we're just looking at, hey, we need this talent set, we need this talent set, in order to layer on this automation. So we're hiring to our roadmap is what we're doing. And you're going to see more of that and frankly we're getting really interesting people coming on board that are interested in some of these positions. So very astute observation and yes, you are correct that pre-stages other types of automation and activities that are yet to come from us, which we believe are kind of game changing in our industry.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Gal Munda with Berenberg. Your line is now open.
Gal Munda : Hey, thanks for taking my questions. The first one I just have Scott for you maybe on the cost side. The guidance for the next fiscal year is kind of a high-single digit growth in terms of the cost base. Is that something we should be thinking more sustainable going forward considering the fact we've had a few years kind of flattish cost base or is that something that's more of a one-off?
Scott Herren : Yes, Gal it's a great question. If you fill back the guidance was 9% total spend growth for the year. And if you fill that back, it's about two points organic. So maintaining kind of the cost discipline that we've had. But of course you layer on what Andrew just talked about in the -- not just the organic growth, but also the investments we will make in those businesses. That's another 7 points of spin growth overall. I think that's probably not a bad range to think. As you look further than beyond fiscal 2021 to 2021 through 2023 that's probably not a high-single digits is probably not a bad rates think about going forward. It all depends on how -- what opportunities are out there and what's going to drive the long-term top line growth for the company.
Gal Munda : That makes sense. Thank you so much. And then, if I just kind of shift gears towards manufacturing a bit, kind of, construction has been getting a lot of the highlight recently, but in terms of the manufacturing, can you give us any color on the adoption of Fusion 360 when you look at some of the competitors they’re still growing pretty healthy in that space?  Is that -- how is the business growth? Maybe if you look throughout 2018 in calendar terms compared to what you've seen maybe the years before, because the product is kind of more mature now is in -- had several iterations. How do you feel about it?
Andrew Anagnost: So, Gal let me tell it to you -- this is Andrew let me say just a couple of things well nobody's growing at 29% in the manufacturing segment right now, right. That kind of growth is sure taking besides us. All right, so, we -- and by the way, the reason you're seeing that growth is we talked a lot about year-over-year compare that people were questioning for a while because we were retiring some manufacturing products. So we were actually taking revenue out of the system as we retire and consolidate some products. Mostly consolidating some of those products into the Fusion stack and into the Fusion platform, so now what you're seeing is the compares that actually show it was sitting underneath all of that. And you're seeing robust growth in our manufacturing segments. What you're also probably seeing if you're looking around in various forms of it, Fusion is really on fire. It's really in terms of user growth, probably the fastest growing platform in the industry right now. And we're happy with where it's at right now. What you're seeing is this exploration of what we've integrated into the platform with generative design, people are poking into this and using it in ways that frankly, we didn't really foresee and I'll give you some examples. There's traditional hardline manufacturers that are using the generative capability inside of Fusion to kind of explore a series of design options that would traditionally kind of have been 3d printed natively and then what they're doing is saying wow, this is a better than I ever had, and they turned it into enrollment. So they're actually using the capability inside of Fusion to explore design space they never explore it before. And they're doing it with constraints in their manufacturing methods and other things and then turning it into solutions that they can use right now with traditional methods they have. Really unique workflows, really unique things. Stay tuned, I think we've been very clear with you and construction was the first priority. We've established a strong construction portfolio, we’re happy with what we've got there. In terms of major acquisitions we’re done. But as you look over the next 12 to 18 months, watch this space, you're going to see it start making the kinds of organic and inorganic moves in the manufacturing space that just accelerate the leadership position we already feel like we have.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Brad Zelnick with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Brad Zelnick: Excellent, thanks so much, and congrats on great results, guys. I've got one for Andrew and a follow-up for Scott. So firstly, something that came up in our conversations with partners this quarter was some confusion about the go to market strategy with PlanGrid. Can you just remind us of your strategy for integrating it into the broader construction portfolio, whether we should expect PlanGrid to continue being sold standalone or perhaps bundled with build or ultimately integrating it with the BIM 360 platform longer term?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So, for the foreseeable future, you're going to see PlanGrid continue to be sold standalone. We do -- we are rolling out a program where if a partner find the deal, they get a commission on the deal, they get a finder's fee essentially for being participating in the deal, but PlanGrid is going to continue to sell directly. We are also looking at ways to appropriately create offerings that combined capabilities from BIM 360 and PlanGrid where customers might be confused about which solution is best and stay tuned, you'll see some of that. But for the most part, we're letting this solution run and continue on its own. Remember, PlanGrid reached into a part of the construction ecosystem that we weren't spending a lot of time on either were our partners frankly, okay. So we're actually deeper into the construction chain than we were before and we're letting them continue to go into that chain, renew their deals and actually find new deals and that will continue. But we're definitely going to make sure that our partner if they find something we want them to tell us about it. We want to make sure they make some money of it.
Brad Zelnick: Great. And just for Scott, cloud subscriptions by my math grew about 35% organically. Can you maybe rank what are the different drivers there? And I think organic cloud ARPS was up only about 4% year-on-year was that in line with your expectations? And can you remind us of the levers that drive confidence in ARPS growth? Thanks.
Scott Herren : Sure. On the cloud side the biggest drivers of the -- organically of the cloud subs continue to be BIM 360 is number one and driving the biggest chunk of that growth Fusion 360 would be second and then there's a handful of smaller products beyond that Shotgun is in there, AutoCAD 360 is in there. But those two drive the majority of the cloud subs adds. The ARPS growth is in line with our expectations for the BIM 360 product set and on BIM 360 we also made a price change on it recently. Quarter and half ago we made a price change on Fusion 360. So you'll begin to see that price increase start to float its way through into the cloud ARPS as well. So I feel pretty good about where we are in the cloud side and you can see the inorganic contribution in the slide deck that we posted you could see it there was also a positive to the cloud ARPS for the quarter.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Sterling Auty with JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Sterling Auty: Thanks, hi guys. I guess, I missed it but I'm going to ask the question anyway what is PlanGrid and the other acquisition actually going to contribute in terms of this fiscal year’s guidance because I didn't see it anywhere.
Scott Herren : Yeah. So we didn't spend a lot of time breaking that out we said that point of acquisition with PlanGrid that it would drive, we expected it to drive about $100 million in ARR this year. And that's consistent with what's built into the guidance that we gave, I broke out the spend it was between the two of them, they drove 7 points of spend growth year-on-year. So you can do the math of what that looks like. That's probably about as much as we've done. The other thing as you're doing your own calculations and I saw in some of the previous notes people trying to do the calculation. The other thing just to bear in mind is that the swing in interest the foreground interest on the cash spent and the added interest expense for the $500 million short-term loan agreement, we picked up.  So all-in-all it’s a slight headwind on EPS for fiscal 2018, it’s slight headwind for us on free cash flow for fiscal 2020, but we feel good about being able to contain it.
Sterling Auty: Excellent. And then just one quick follow up, Scott, just as we think about the cash flow guide, I think multi-year agreements were going to be a decent contributor to that. What's been your experience remind us when you put the multi-year back into place? What's your experience and what does it need to do to hit that 1.35?
Scott Herren : Yes, it is one of the contributors. There are several things obviously that drive the cash flow growth year-on-year from -- well we posted $310 million of free cash flow this year, but remember that included about $130 million of one-time cash outflows tied to the restructuring that we announced a year ago and the exit tax and moving our European hub out of Munich [ph] into Dublin. So the three candidates actually understand reflects $130 million of one-time payment that won't repeat themselves in the fiscal 2020. There mainly the growth is the two things we talked about is net income and you can back into the net income increase year-on-year from the guidance points we gave you, but net income grow strongly driven by top line growth. And then billings growth, and it will grow for all the reasons we've talked about in ARPS, an element of it is multi-year, which is what you're touching on. We reintroduced the 10% discount for three year paid up front multi-year products subs. We hadn't previously offered any discount on that, although we did still have some multi-year sales of it. There was no discount. We reintroduced that in Q4. And if you noticed, I know it's a busy night for you guys. But if you look at our balance sheet, you'll see our long-term deferred actually grew for the first time in seven quarters as we saw pretty good uptake. People buying that three year product subscription deal. So we expect to see that continue to grow next year and get back into the range that its historically been. And think from a -- in terms of what long-term will represent of our total deferred revenue, we think it gets back into that 20% to 21% range that we talked about at Investor Day last year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Zane Chrane with Bernstein Research. Your line is now open.
Zane Chrane: Hi, thanks for fitting me in, congrats on a great quarter gentlemen. I was speaking with developers in one of the new skyscrapers in New York. And they were telling me how adopting Revit recently they're expecting that to generate a 3x return on the multimillion dollar contract they signed with you guys. That wasn't so much surprising so much as the fact that it sounded like a fairly recent decision. It made me wonder how penetrated do you think your customer base is in terms of Revit adoption for those customers that may potentially use it or could benefit from it?
Andrew Anagnost: I think, Zane you're actually hitting on something that's important to discuss. People think that Revit is already like fully matured and penetrating the market, it’s actually still very much the early kind of majority type market for Revit adoption. We are actually seeing massive growth in Revit usage, Revit adoption. That's why I highlighted the increasing visibility of Revit skills is one of the skills that’s important moving forward into the years. Revit has got a long way to go in terms of growth. And it really is the new engine of how architecture and building design is going to be done. And it's not even begun, its journey very much into the infrastructure space. So look for Revit to keep going and going and going and watch how the skills referenced on Revit climbs up that list from where it is today well into the top 10. That's just to be expected, especially in Europe where Revit adoption is taking off from the very early stages. It was much more mature in the U.S.
Zane Chrane: That's helpful. And as far as the adoption, do you think that it will be driven more by the adoption of collections or do you see a lot of enterprise customers buying it standalone?
Andrew Anagnost: Our enterprise customers almost all buy it through EBAs. So they get access through the EBAs. It doesn't hurt that the collections have Revit insight so the users can immediately start moving projects to Revit. But frankly, the big driving force for Revit has a little to do with how we package our software. There's a couple of things that are driving it. One the return, you heard from those customers in New York. They basically see a fairly significant return. Owners in particular see a significant return and are more and more starting to mandate BIM for particular projects. Governments are doing it, owners developers are doing it, people are just starting to expect BIM to be part of the process because they're seeing the ROI. That is more of a secular driver in terms of where things are going, this kind of digitization of the whole design to construction process, then how we package our software and sell it.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Matt Swanson: Hi, this actually Matt Swanson, on from Matt, thanks for taking my question. Just one for me. In our survey work this quarter we had a reseller bring up a large deal that came from previously pirated software. I know before at one point you had mentioned 4 million pirates in mature markets. Could you just remind us what this opportunity is just kind of how you go about identifying and pursuing it?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So just to put it all in scale, right? We have 18 million users of our products worldwide, there's 404 million subscribers. So can you can kind of see there's a big delta between users and subscribers right now. Now, the way we look at this, especially in mature markets is we look at people, who are using the software and maybe have a few illegal copies or few illegal serial numbers inside their environment and we go and we have conversations with them. For the most part, when you hear about big deals like that, that was somebody that was probably really stretching the limits of what was legal with regards to our software. Long-term what you're going to see with this whole entire process.  And like I said, I've said this over and over again on calls, there's no big surge that's going to happen at any one point as a matter of fact, if we tried to create a big surge, I actually think what we do is create a big backlash. All right. What's you're going to see is a gradual kind of continuing add and penetration to that 18 million user base as we add more capability in the products to help us understand. who's using the licenses validly who isn't.  And also as user start to realize that it's better to be part of the legal ecosystem than it is to be part of the invalid ecosystem. So just continue to see that momentum overtime. Don't expect big spikes, deals like what you just described, are not the norm. So I want to make sure that we're clear on that. But as we -- especially as we move into fiscal 2021 and 2022, where we're getting further and further down from our last perpetual release, and we move more and more in pure named user licensing as a company you're just going to see more and more of these people coming into the paid ecosystem.
Scott Herren : And Matt, we have our Investor Day at the end of March, actually a month from today March 28 here in San Francisco. This is what obviously one of the topics that we’ll update everyone on. And give you a sense not just for the numbers, but more importantly the things we're doing the changes we're making in both process and in the product to go after chasing that opportunity.
Matt Swanson: All right. Thanks for the time guys.
Scott Herren : Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. 
Hamza Fodderwala: Hi, this is Hamza Fodderwala for Keith Weiss. Thank you for taking my questions. I wanted to follow-up on an earlier question asked about the integration between PlanGrid and the core BIM 360 product. What's the timeline for that? And is there any risk of customers perhaps being more cautious on purchasing BIM in advance of that integration since there have been a lot of changes with that product in recent years mostly positive, but just wondering if you're seeing any of that?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, so one of the areas were we're paying attention to Keith -- was Keith right. No it was actually Tom. Okay. And one of the areas we’re paying attention to Tom is moving very quickly and making it clear where the focus areas of those two products are. We've already kind of internally established that. PlanGrid is absolutely focused on site execution, and all the things that make site execution just awesome. And they are incredibly talented at, as Tracy [ph] likes to say, beautiful, simple software that helps people be more productive, and we're doubling down on that for them. So all of the additional R&D investment we’ve put in there is all going to accelerate their site execution roadmap. And customers are going to start to see that very quickly and start to understand, okay, so the site execution stuff that I saw in BIM 360 I am going to see more of it in PlanGrid and I'm going to see these things kind of expand out. What we've done on the BIM 360 side is we've been very focused with that team of aligning them around project management and project management capabilities. And there have been gaps that our customers have been asking for, for quite a while around project management and project flow capabilities. And they're going to see an acceleration of those capabilities inside of BIM 360.  So we move very, very quickly based on our own analysis, pre-acquisition and some of our post-acquisition moves to be very clear with the R&D organizations where they should run and how fast they should run in those areas. Customers will start to see that and we're already starting to communicate some of this to our customers. And I think they're starting to understand it as being not only the right thing to do, but intuitively makes sense.
Hamza Fodderwala: Got it, that's helpful. And a follow-up question perhaps for you, Scott. It looks like ARR growth is pretty strong, sustained in the low-30%, but the sub add were a bit below that of the original guidance, at least on an organic basis. Is that just the continued migration to collections or is there any other factors behind that?
Scott Herren: No, it is, as we've said in the past, we've focused much more on driving top line growth and driving ARR than we have on driving the individual component of that. I feel really good about the continued strength in collections, not just at the point of migration from maintenance over to product subs, which is continuing to stay strong. But also on new sales, we see industry collections at this point at 28% of our total products subscription install base. It's a -- it's run faster than we expected to get to that point.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ken Talanian with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Ken Talanian: Hi, thanks for taking the question. I was wondering if you could give us a sense for the percentage of your existing customer base that you're targeting for construction related sales in fiscal 2020. And then, what if any level of cross selling success you're factoring into the fiscal 2020 guidance?
Andrew Anagnost: Well, I -- Ken the one thing I’d says anybody who works in the AEC space is a target for our construction portfolio. When you look at our strategy, our strategy is to connect the end to end flow from the early design process all the way through down to site execution and essentially get the building information model and the data that's attached to it moving through that entire process. So basically, our entire AEC ecosystem is a target for some part of this construction staff be it BIM 360 design all the way through to PlanGrid and all the way through the BuildingConnected on the bidding side. So we see a fairly open field with regards to who we’re targeting. Now, what was the second part of your question, I just wanted to -- since you were saying…
Ken Talanian: What you’re factoring into the fiscal 2020 guidance? 
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So, Scott, why don’t you to take that. 
Scott Herren : Yes, Ken what we all talked about is we expect ARR to be in that 100 million range and that is what's factored into the guidance for fiscal 2020. I think what I'd add though to the first part of your question of who are we targeting, one of the things that we're excited about when we got PlanGrid was not just the technology which is beautiful, simple, easy to use, which is what's required in that site execution phase. They also have a strong base and a part of the ecosystem, the construction ecosystem that we didn't have a lot of touch points to which was the subcontractors and the trades. So it’s not just selling to our existing customer set in construction which we obviously will continue to do. We also got a nice beachhead with PlanGrid into a part of the construction ecosystem we didn't previously touch. And BuildingConnected by the way brings that same thing, if you look at what BuildingConnected does, it connects general contractors to trades into the subcontractors into the people below them. So it's actually a nice expansion of the people that we can target with our construction solutions.
Ken Talanian: Great. And if I can follow up quickly, could you give us a sense of how to think about the adoption rate of construction software in the event that we see an economic slowdown? Are you having the kind of high level conversations that suggests that this is a top priority, regardless of sort of the backdrop…
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, so excellent point, Ken. So look, what I'll do is I'll tell you about what happened in the last downturn. And I'll tell you about the sense of urgency that construction customers have around digitization. So in the last downturn construction, IT spend, continue to increase even though that downturn hit construction incredibly hard. And the reason for that is very simple, the most digital vendor or the most digital contractor won, because they were able to more accurately predict what their total costs were going to be able to do. They were able to get their bids in tighter, they were able to basically manage their costs better. So digitization wins. The whole ecosystem and construction understands this right now. It's an imperative across almost all of our customers at this point. They're all looking to figure out how they can digitize their workflows, how they can extract more efficiency, how they can get more accuracy, reduce project risk, manage the timelines, reduce safety risks, that continues to be a highly visible aspect of this. So we anticipate that even in a downturn construction IT spend is going to go up. And we're super excited about things like what we're doing with construction IQ, where we're actually using some of the data that we collect from our customers to provide predictive outcomes, which is going to become more and more valuable. So digitization wins, all of our customers know that and we anticipate the spend can continue even to a downturn.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question-and-answer session for today's call. I would now like to turn the call back over to Abhey Lamba for any further remarks.
Abhey Lamba: Thanks, operator and thanks everyone, for joining us today. I want to remind you that we are hosting our Investor Day on March 28 in San Francisco, where we will discuss our business in detail, please reach out to us if you would like to attend or have any questions from today's call. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude today's program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a wonderful day.

===== 2019 Q3  (2018-11-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Abhey Lamba - Vice President Investor Relations Andrew Anagnost - President and Chief Executive Officer Scott Herren - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital Philip Winslow - Wells Fargo Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Gal Munda - Berenberg Capital Markets Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Matt Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets Brad Zelnick - Credit Suisse Alex Tout - Deutsche Bank Richard Davis - Canaccord Stan Zlotsky - Morgan Stanley Zane Chrane - Bernstein Research Ken Talanian - Evercore ISI
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Autodesk Inc. Corporated Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this call maybe recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to Abhey Lamba, Vice-President of Investor Relations. You may begin.
Abhey Lamba: Thanks, Sonia. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our third quarter of fiscal 2019. On the line is Andrew Anagnost, our CEO; and Scott Herren, our CFO. Today’s conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. As noted in our press release, we have published our prepared remarks on our website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments and we will not repeat them on this call. We will also post a transcript of management’s opening commentary on our left side at the end of the call. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the anticipated future performance of the Company, such as our guidance for the fourth quarter and full-year fiscal 2019, our long-term financial model guidance, our revenue and cash flow expectations, our expectations regarding the acquisition of planted and anticipated benefits and impacts on our short-term and long-term guidance, the factors we use to estimate our guidance, our maintenance to subscription transition, our expectations regarding product mix and pricing, ARPS, customer value, cost structure, our market opportunities and strategies, and trends for various products, geographies and industries. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time-to-time with the SEC, specifically our Form 10-K for fiscal 2018, our Form 10-Q for the period ending July 31, 2018, and our current reports on Form 8-K including the Form 8-K filed with today’s press release and prepared remarks. Those documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today’s call, but we will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today’s press release, prepared remarks and on the Investor Relations section of our website. We will quote a number of numeric or growth changes as we discuss our financial performance, and unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison under ASC 606. And now, I would like to turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks, Abhey. I have two exciting things to share with you today. First, we closed another fantastic quarter with strong performance across all key metrics. Second, we are expanding our capabilities in the construction space by acquiring PlanGrid to complement our construction portfolio as well as to enhance our reach within the industry. Looking first at our Q3 performance. We built upon the strength of our Q2 results by posting accelerated growth driven by strength across all product families in major geographies. We generated 33% growth in total annualized recurring revenue or ARR with both product and cloud offerings delivering great performance. There are several key areas that I want to highlight on the call today. We had record growth in total ARR and total ARPS. In fact, this is the highest growth quarter for both since we started our business model transition over four years ago. We experienced strong growth in our enterprise business during the quarter which speaks of the strategic importance of our products and a healthy demand environment. We hit a milestone of four million total subscriptions. The maintenance-to-subscription program continues to perform well and we’re seeing an increase in the adoption of collections. BIM 360 delivered broad based strength driving cloud ARR growth in the quarter, and we are enhancing our construction offering with the acquisition of PlanGrid. First let’s look at ARR, which is the best proxy for measuring progress in our business model transition and the overall health of our business. The strength in ARR was a result of accelerated growth in all geographic regions and across all product families. All geographic regions posted revenue growth of atleast 25%. Subscription plan ARR has more than doubled on a year-over-year basis for seven out of the last eight quarters. Growth in ARR was driven by strength across all subscription plan types and once again product subscription led the group while EBAs also accelerated meaningfully. ARR for our core business which represents the combination of maintenance, product subscription and our EBA sales also grew at 33%, inline with total ARR, as our core business drives the overwhelming majority of our revenue, ARR and billings growth. Now as you know, I have made construction one of the company’s critical near term priorities and that’s why I’m incredibly excited to talk about the acquisition of PlanGrid which expands our expertise, presence, scale and reach in the construction space. You have heard me say many times that the construction industry was a key focus area for us in becoming a design and make company. It’s hungry to deploy more technology and were ready with compelling solutions. At PlanGrid, Tracy Young, Ralph Gootee and the rest of the management team has built a leading construction tech company and we look forward to welcoming them back to the Autodesk family. PlanGrid has built an innovative mobile SaaS solution that’s focused on document centric work flows for field execution and project management. This is an excellent complement to our focus on model centric work flows through Revit and BIM 360. On the field side of construction management, PlanGrid enables those working on the sites to making firm decisions with real time information. PlanGrid Solutions also empower project managers to ensure jobs are delivered within scope and on budget. The company currently serves 12,000 customers and as approximately 120,000 paid users. Its products have been used on over one million construction projects. PlanGrid’s quality and value are reflected by the many large customers it serves. Like LPR Construction, Devcon, Granite, Nvidia and Target. And we intend to capitalize on its strength to further advance the state of the art and construction technology and better meet the needs of our customers. The combination creates a more comprehensive cloud based construction platform for general contractors and will expand our relationships with subcontractors and building owners. Overtime, we will integrate workflows between PlanGrid software and our BIM 360 construction management platform for a seamless exchange of 2D and 3D projects information. Additionally, we will be able to leverage our global reach to accelerate adoption of PlanGrid Solutions. There are many GCs who have deployed both solutions; for example, DPR Construction is a commercial GC using Autodesk BIM 360 and PlanGrid software. Atul Khanzode, DPR’s CTO said, and I quote, “One of the biggest challenges in the construction industry is data flow, how you get the most current and accurate information to the right people at the right time. We’re excited about this acquisition because it will improve the way information can be shared on project and that leads to greater productivity and predictability. Using BIM 360 has made our project planning better. We’re able to reliably plan, forecast and measure project tasks that will support lean construction practices and reduce waste. And we’re using PlanGrid to help everyone in the fields build off the most current data set”. We’re tremendously excited about joining forces with PlanGrid and I believe this will further position us for success as we move further into the 10 billion construction opportunity. Scott will cover financial details of the transaction in a few minutes, but I would like to turn our attention back to Q3 performance, particularly, I’d like to highlight the performance of our BIM 360 portfolio. We had a strong showing for the entire offering, which helped us posted 36% growth in cloud ARR in the quarter. Customers are deploying all modules of the BIM 360 platform, and I am excited to share that large customers like AECOM, Arcadis, Swinerton, and Layton have already started adopting our new platform, and we look forward to more customers doing the same. A great example of the convergence of design and make was a significantly expanded deal we signed with Daiwa House industries, one of the largest construction companies in Japan. They sell prefabricated homes in the region and are working to expand globally. Their processes are a clear example of how manufacturing and construction are converging. They utilize a wide range of our product portfolio from AutoCAD and Revit to BIM 360 and Inventor. Our new EBA with them is one of the largest we have signed and it increases the account value by 16 fold. We now have three of the largest five general contractors in Japan on EBAs and we are not done. These transactions also highlight the progress we have made in Japan as a region where we saw broad based strength across all customer types. On the manufacturing side, our growth rate for the products family accelerated to 20% from 10% in the second quarter. During the quarter, we transitioned a major customer, Ford to an EBA. It is yet another example of how our relationship has expanded with our large enterprise customers where we’ve evolved from a vendor to a collaborative thought leader. We are partnering with Ford to help them explore new workflows utilizing our most advanced software functionality, such as general design and fusion and our flexible token based EBAs. This will allow them to benefit from the breadth of our product portfolio. We expect a fourth [Indiscernible] increase in subscriptions as a result of our new EBA contract. In summary, I am extremely pleased with the progress we’ve made with the transition and I believe we’re positioning the company to expand our technology leadership in the construction space. Many of you attended Autodesk University last week and I think you could feel the buzz and excitement in the air around both our core offerings and our cloud technologies like BIM 360 and Fusion. We are making terrific progress while remaining committed to our FY 2020 goals. In particular, I am also excited to see that we crossed the 30% mark for the sum of revenue growth and free cash flow margin. We look forward to nearly doubling that in the next few years. Now I’ll turn it over to Scott for more details on the financials. Scott?
Scott Herren: Thanks, Andrew. Digging deeper into the numbers for the third quarter, I’ll start with a few more details on our strong ARR performance. ARR benefited from a 17% increase in ARPS, a 14% increase in subscriptions, and 30% growth in billings for the quarter. Looking at subscriptions, we added 143,000 subs in the quarter and hit a milestone in total subscriptions as we crossed the 4 million mark, which is nearly twice the number of maintenance seats we had at the peak of the previous business model. Subscription plan subs grew by 252,000 led by product subscriptions. Core sub ads once again increased by 3% sequentially and we also added 53,000 cloud subs which is a nice step up from the 31,000 we added in Q2, and 18,000 in Q1. Strength in cloud was led by broad based adoption of the BIM 360 family. Moving to the maintenance for subscription program, we continue to make solid progress. In Q3, the customers migrated to 71,000 maintenance subs to products sub subscriptions, while the number of them to our subscriptions was down sequentially, the conversion rate remains strong with approximately one third of the maintenance renewal opportunities migrating to product subscriptions. Of those that migrated, once again, over 30% of eligible subscriptions upgraded from an individual product to an industry collection. We expect the number of M2S subs to increase in Q4 as our maintenance renewal opportunity is higher. The renewal rates for both maintenance and product subscriptions picked up slightly from Q2 and were in line with our planning assumptions. Helping to bolster renewal rates for product subscriptions are the M2S related subs, which have as expected very high renewal rates, because the program was designed to be sticky. We expect the renewal rates for product subscriptions to continue to increase as the product mix shifts toward higher value products. Now let’s talk a little more about annualized revenue per subscription or AARPs. Total AARPs posted another quarter of strong growth, as it continued to benefit from the same drivers we discussed at Investor Day and that we saw in Q2. These drivers include the growth of the renewal base, the ongoing strength of industry collections, and various pricing adjustments we made earlier in the year and are now having a greater influence on AARP’s. The pricing adjustments included the price increase associated with the M2S program, lower channel discount on AutoCAD LT and an increase for multi-user subscriptions. Long term ARPS drivers will continue to be the growing renewal base which comes at a higher net price to Autodesk, the increase in digital sales also at a higher net price to Autodesk. The product mix shift to Industry Collections, the maintenance price increase for those customers who don’t take advantage of the M2S program and less discounting and promotional activity. We expect total ARPS to continue to increase for all the reasons I have just discussed as we progressed through the transition and well beyond fiscal 2020. Our eStore which is like a bigger part of our digital sales grew over 65% year-on-year. For the past five quarters, our eStore has generated over 20% of the product subscriptions. Q3 also marked the eight consecutive quarter of greater than 30% growth in our EBAs. In fact, our EBAs posted over 50% growth in the quarter, highlighting strong execution as well as adoption and expansion of EBA contracts. What’s interesting is that while the growth of our total direct business accelerated even from the record levels in Q2, our indirect business expanded even faster. We continue to believe that over time the mix of direct business will outpace the growth of indirect, leading to a more even spilt between direct and indirect revenue. Moving to spend management, our total non-GAAP was up 5% and was slightly higher than expected as we’ve done a nice job following the open positions created by last year’s resource rebalancing, . However, if we normalize for ASC 340 and foreign exchange rates, the year-over-year growth in total spend would have been less than 2%. The sequential increase in spend was related to the continued hiring ramp that we’ve been calling up for the past few quarters as we near the completion of the resource rebalancing, call costs are higher year-on-year and due to the impact of ASC 340 which requires us to capitalize sales commissions. Normalizing for ASC 340, the growth in total spend would have been less than 4%. Looking at the balance sheet, total deferred revenue grew 17%, unbilled deferred revenue increased by $45 million sequentially to $451 million due to a strong EBA performance. We expect unbilled deferred revenue to increase meaningfully next quarter with seasonally strong enterprise transactions. While we continue to experience and expect a decrease in long term deferred, our short term deferred revenue grew by 14% due to a strong billings in the quarter. Looking at cash flow, we generated $39 million in operating cash flow as we benefited from the growth in billings and strong cash collections. We expect our cash flow to accelerate in the fourth quarter. We use $103 million in the quarter to buyback roughly 800,000 shares at an average price of $131.42. Year-to-date we have repurchased 2.1 million shares for $270 million, an average price of $129.86. We continue to be committed to managing dilution and reducing shares outstanding over time. Before I turn to the outlook, let me run through some details about our acquisition of PlanGrid. As announced this afternoon, we are paying $875 million net of acquired cash. We will finance the deal with cash on hand and a short term pre payable loan. The transaction is expected to close during our fiscal Q4. Since we cannot be sure of the exact timing, we have not included any impact in our guidance. That said, we would expect it to contribute slightly to revenue growth and be modestly negative for profitability and cash flows for the quarter. For fiscal 2020, we expect PlanGrid to contribute approximately 100 million in ARR that create a slight headwind for our profitability. The transaction and associated financing costs will have some dilutive effect on our cash flow, but we believe we can achieve our goal of 1.35 billion in free cash flow for the year. There are more details about the company and our rationale behind the acquisition and a slide deck on our Investor Relations website. Now let’s turn to the discussion of our outlook. I’ll start by saying that our view of the global economic conditions remains mostly unchanged from the last few quarters, but we’re monitoring the potential macroeconomic impacts from various trade and tariff disputes. There’s been some foreign exchange volatility, but our hedging program has succeeded in smoothing out the bigger swings. As we look at our outlook for Q4, we expect to see continued sequential increases in most metrics, including ARR, ARPS, Billings, Revenue, Spend and Earnings. We are raising our outlook on all of those key metrics for the year. We expect our hiring ramp to continue as we finish the rebalancing of resources to the most strategic projects, and as such we expect our spend to increase slightly sequentially. However, the sequential uptick in total operating expense in the fourth quarter will be lower than previous years due to the adoption of ASC 340 that requires capitalization of commissions, which historically has been very heavy during Q4. Given our full year expenses are moving up modestly, our operating margin for the year will be higher by one percentage point versus our previous target. Also our new margin forecast for the year represents nearly 17 points of improvement over last year, and we expect a sizable uptick in cash flow in Q4. Regarding subscriptions, I’ll reiterate the next quarter will be the last time we will report on subs and our ARPS on a quarterly basis. After that we will use events like our annual Investor Day to report on important metrics that will help you build your long term models. For fiscal year 2019, we continue to expect subscription additions to end up at the low end of our guidance range, primarily related to the success we’re having with the adoption of industry collections and the consolidation we’re experiencing with the M2S program. Before we start the Q&A part of this call, I want to summarize by highlighting the great progress we have made on driving the sum of our revenue growth plus free cash flow margin, which is a key metric for driving shareholder value under the rule of 40 framework. We ended the quarter with the sum of both metrics at 32% [ph], a level we have not seen for four years. And as Andrew said, we plan to nearly double this metric in the next few years. Operator, we’d now like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Saket Kalia of Barclays Capital. Your line is now open.
Saket Kalia: Hi, guys. It’s Saket from Barclays. Thanks for taking my questions here. First, maybe for you Andrew on PlanGrid, nice additions to the construction portfolio. I guess, longer term as you think about the construction software market, how important is it going to be that Autodesk has both the underlying BIM data as well as the PlanGrid capabilities versus others in the space that maybe don’t have that underlying BIM data.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, that’s an excellent question, Saket. So let me kind of give you a sense for where we are right now. Right now, a lot of the projects out there in the construction ecosystem are very document centric and that’s where PlanGrid plays a very very strong role. But there’s a growing percentage of projects that are very BIM centric. And these projects start with a – with BIM data and move BIM data for the entire process. But you’ll see us over time be able to do is capture the BIM centric projects, the documents the centric projects and bring the two together. PlanGrid really understands there’s a document centric and sheet-centric workflow and they really have the hearts and minds of the end user in that space. We really understand the BIM data. And if those two things come together over time, and over a five year period or more, where more and more projects are BIM based, it is obviously going to allow us to cover almost 100% of the project ecosystem.
Saket Kalia: Got it. That’s super helpful. Maybe staying on PlanGrid would you Andrew, can you just talk a little bit about the pricing model and maybe how it compares to others in the industry? I know you talked about general contractors and subcontractors and we’ve heard others in the industry that perhaps based pricing on seat versus total value of a particular construction project. So can you talk a little bit about PlanGrid’s pricing model?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, so PlanGrid like us right now is predominantly a named user model. Now as you probably know we have experience in all the model types here. We have named user model, we have a pay-per-use consumptive model, and we have project based model. And what we found over time is that the models that are tending to be the predominant play are going to be named user and consumptive or pay per use. The project based models, they help in the short term, they allow you to kind of land an account and they provide short term growth, but long term, the customers basically just push back on this whole percent of turnover model. It’s not an attractive model to the customers. So we absolutely see the pendulum swinging towards named user and pay-for-use and that PlanGrid is well aligned with that.
Saket Kalia: Got it. Very helpful. Thanks for taking my questions.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you, Saket.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Philip Winslow of Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Philip Winslow: Hi, guys thanks so much for taking my question and congrats on a great quarter. As you mentioned this is probably the strongest quarter that I can think of, of having both a net add growth as well as – as well as a pretty impressive ARPS increase. What do you think about sort of what’s driving that even in the context of higher cloud subs, typically higher -- lower ARPS? Kind of walk us through sort of where we are and sort of the ARPS lifecycle, obviously you’ve given your guidance for next year that implies increased versus what you guided to this year, but kind of help us through, like what are the drivers that were there this year, which one of those you’ll continue into 2020, and then just have one follow up to that?
Scott Herren: Yes Phil, this is Scott. I think on the subs, you touched on we had another good quarter of sub ads for core and cloud had a – we’re accelerating the sub ads with cloud business, so really driven by BIM 360. 53,000 cloud sub ads for the quarter, so that’s on the subs front. On the ARPS front, we’re continuing to see the trend that we saw initially that we talked about in the Investor Day back in March and that we saw in Q2. So there’s some effect from the change in channel discounts for AutoCAD LT that rolled out at the beginning of the year. We’re seeing that a slight adjustment to our multi-year, our multi user product pricing at the beginning of this year, that’s coming through as well. But more importantly, we’re seeing a bigger renewal base, which you know comes at a higher net price to us. You’re seeing an increase in direct sales at e-store. It’s one of the stats I gave on the opening commentary was that e-store grew 65% this quarter, so that drives higher ARPS and the move to collections continues to be strong collections, are a notable percent of our total base both of new and of conversions on M2S and less discounting over time. So all those factors drove ARPS last quarter, and again this quarter, and almost all those will continue out not just into fiscal 2020 but out in the fiscal 2023 as well.
Philip Winslow: Great. Awesome, and then follow up for Andrew on PlanGrid. And first off, congratulations on that deal, really reinforcing your leadership position defining construction lifecycle management as a market here. What do you think about PlanGrid and sort of the idea of construction lifecycle management? Where do you kind of put the dividing line between sort of where Autodesk is going to play versus call it traditional sort of more financials applications, what do you think about budgeting etcetera, kind of getting under the financial side of construction? Is that where you kind of separate how deep Autodesk wants to go in construction? Or is it eventually somebody that says, hey look, we’re going to be a player in the entire lifecycle?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, Phil I think you are absolutely touching on something that’s important here. If you look at the way this evolved in the manufacturing space, what happened was, there was a rise of what were called product lifecycle management systems. And they basically handled the entire data flow from the design phase all the way through the delivery of the products in the manufacturing floor, but ERP systems continued to fill the void in terms of the whole financial planning and budgeting aspects and some of the financial aspects. That’s the way we see this unfolding in the future. We’re not going to go into the ERP space of construction. We’re going to stay on the whole lifecycle from design all the way through to site execution and we think that’s well aligned with our vision of how construction is going to industrialize over the next 10 years. So don’t look, don’t see us getting into construction financials and budget management and those kind of things in the future.
Philip Winslow: This basic idea is just sort of like PLM evolved from of the design software players becoming the leaders in PLM similar idea with you guys here, your design and the construction lifecycle management, but financials being a separate area. Is that a fair….
Andrew Anagnost: Absolutely. I see it playing out exactly the same way. And there is really – there’s really no reason right now to not see it playing out the exact same way.
Philip Winslow: Great guys. Thanks a lot.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks, Phil.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities. Your line is now open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Andrew, let me start with you on this big dose of vitamin C that you’re buying with PlanGrid, could you talk about two things, one, how do you foresee the integration into the portfolio, and then maybe talk about the technology roadmap here, and also what connection do you see if any of this acquisition to the manufacturing side of the portfolio? In other words, as we heard last week at AU there’s the growing connection with manufacturing to ADC and construction? Does this have any bearing on that? And could this also lay the groundwork or does this imply a future construction collection? Then a follow up.
Andrew Anagnost: All right. So let me let me start. There’s actually three questions Jay. So I’ll answer all of them, okay. All right so first off, let’s talk about the product integration strategy. So let’s kind of just pause and talk about what is each product family good at? All right PlanGrid has built an excellent SaaS Mobile native platform for documents centric workflows and sheet-centric workflows and project management layers. They capture issues, change orders and things in these document centric workflows. They have done an absolutely exceptional job and you can tell by how far they’ve reached down into the construction ecosystem and the products beloved [ph] by the end users. So they’ve really nailed this -- this notion of document centric flow. You can see on the BIM 360 side, we have always been very BIM centric. We’ve focused on how do you get BIM data deeper into the construction process. How do you explode it, so that it can be useful to more teams. So I think what you’re going to see us doing with this portfolio integration especially over the next year and a half or so, is we’re going to pull their document, their documents centric view up into BIM 360 and they’re going to pull our model centric view down into their application. So basically you’re going to see as close the loop between the document flows that go on and PlanGrid and the BIM data flows that go on in BIM 360. And you’ll see each team kind of double down on what its best at. So you’ll see the BIM 360 team start to continue to move further upstream and its efforts on preconstruction and the PlanGrid team continue to execute more deeply on the document base closing and gaining insights from those flows. Now in terms of the manufacturing integration, I think one of the things you’re probably aware of, is as manufacturing industrializes more and more, what we classically call building product manufacturers are going to show up more and more in the construction world. They’re going to be delivering products into the construction space. They’re probably going to be one of the larger pre fabricators out there in terms of what we think. These are companies right now that, that build things like adopting systems, air conditioning systems, curtain walls, prefabricated building, modular buildings, they are going to get more and more important. And as such, they will be a trade quote in the workflow and they’ll likely be consuming some of these applications too as the owners propagate their construction flows into these applications. So you’ll absolutely see an overlap between what we classically call our product data management applications and these construction lifecycle applications. Now your last point on a construction collection, I wouldn’t look for anything like that soon. The collections are primarily been targeted at the desktop products and integrating cloud based capabilities with a desktop product. We think we have the appropriate layer of overlap there. Right now, we’re just going to keep rolling these products out separately and satisfy the needs of individual products projects in the construction ecosystem one at a time.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Quick follow up on M2S, could you talk about, this one for Scott. Any material differences you’re seeing in adoption or conversion by deal [ph] for example within Europe, are you seeing any notable differences there or Asia or here in terms of rates of adoption of M2S?
Scott Herren: Yes, Jay, we are. So let me start by stating the conversion rate on M2S was unchanged this quarter. It’s still staying at about a third maintenance agreement that came up for renewal that converted. So even though the number in absolute terms is smaller, just means that the number that came up for renewal is small, so no change in conversion rate. There is a difference for geo as you just pointed out. It’s less so at the country level, it’s more of what we typically see as new technologies roll out, where North America seems to be the earliest adopters followed by Continental Europe and then some of the emerging markets in Europe and then APAC comes in at the -- after Europe though. So that’s exactly what we’re seeing in our Maintenance to Subscription. We’re furthest along in the U.S. , we’re about where the US was within the last two or three quarters in Europe at this point and APAC is behind.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Heather Bellini of Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you. I do have follow-up on collections. You guys mentioned that there were notable percentage of your total base. I’m just wondering if -- you said, I guess total base on M2S, I’m just wondering are collections tracking faster than you thought and then what do you think it is now that’s driving adoption for existing customers to look at collections when you had suite [ph] in the past what’s caused then people to get more interested in them? And the other, I guess just real quick one would be your eStore progress, is that progressing faster than where you thought you would be right now? Thank you. Thank.
Scott Herren: Yeah, Heather, I’ll start on the eStore. It’s progressing right along with what our expectations are. We gave this data where 65% year-on-year during the third quarter that we disclosed. eStore continues to drive 20% or so of all of our products subs. So eStore is progressing nicely. I think there’s more ground to cover there but the eStore is progressing nicely. On the collections, they have moved faster than we had initially planned. And I think it’s all upside. It’s definitely good news. We spent, I think you’ve heard me say this, an enormous amount of time and Andrew both in his current role, but also in his prior role, spent an enormous amount of time ensuring that we put the right content in those collections that we simplified it. We went from seven suites, which each had a good, better, best versions of 21 suites down to just three collections. So it’s easier to sell, it’s easier to buy and easier to pay and consume. But we also spend lot of time getting the product mix inside those collections right. It’s moved faster both for new customers and certainly it’s moved fast on people converting from maintenance over to product subscription and stepping up at that point of collection. It’s been a quite an upside.
Andrew Anagnost: And Heather, one of the things that’s very different about the collections from the suite day is the integration with multi-platform in the cloud is a pretty significant delta from what we had in the suite day. So for instance, the AutoCADs you get in the box with a collection have a mobile version, they have a web version and also they’re all integrated with a common data platform in the cloud so people can share their data. So it’s a very different offering than what we had during the suite days.
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you so much.
Scott Herren: Thanks, Heather.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Gal Munda of Berenberg Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Gal Munda: Hey, thanks for taking my question. The first one I have is about PlanGird. Can you talk a bit about the growth profile of the business and the way you expect maybe the contributions of sales to come into FY 2020? When you look at that, how does that contribute to kind of your target for FY 2023? That’s my first question. Thanks.
Scott Herren: Yes. I’ll start and then let Andrew chime in. They are running on a $60 million to $70 million revenue run rate right now and growing about 50% year-on-year. So that’s what underpins one of the comments that I gave in the opening script and we expected to contribute around 100 million in ARR next year. There’s likely to be some small haircut, deferred revenue haircut has we work through all the purchase accounting, but that’s – that will drive a small amount of upside in ARR for fiscal 2020 and actually between that the small amount of headwind on profitability, small amount of financing cost will be a little bit of headwind on cash flows. We think we can contain that and still achieve for fiscal 2020, the $1.35 billion in free cash flow we put out there. Andrew, you want to talk about longer term.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So now, if we look out at the FY 2023 targets, Gal, remember one of the things we said very explicitly when we talked about this target was that the cloud and specifically construction was one of the things that was required to hit those targets. So what you’re seeing us do right now is executing on the strategy that allows us to hit those numbers we put out there for FY 2023. So organic and inorganic tactics are actually how we’re getting those numbers we’ve put out there and that’s how we’re going to -- that’s how we are going to succeed in construction.
Gal Munda: Perfect. And just if I talk -- if I think about the customer overlap and the way you guys and they go to the market today, first, maybe, if you think about the U.S., that’s where they’re mainly based in, how much is the -- how much customer overlap there is? And in the past, you talked a bit about the stages of adoption in BIM. You start with the project and expand into division, maybe go companywide, entitywide, where is PlanGrid as compared to BIM 360 today? Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So here’s what’s really exciting about this. We do have quite a bit of customer overlap, not a lot. They go deeper down into the system than we do. But what we don’t have is project overlap, right. And what happens in the construction space is technology is sold on a project-by-project basis. So for instance, in accounts where we do overlap BIM 360 is on a completely different project and PlanGrid is used on another project. So what you see is, PlanGrid is built to go-to-market machine, it’s very good at selling on a project-by-project basis. We’ve got a lot of success with BIM 360 selling to the IT departments in the large GC and the mid-sized GCs. So, there is a really great complement between their project-centric go-to-market approach and our IT or top of the market go-to-market approach. So you can see it’s actually coming at some of our companies in different ways. The other growth synergy we’re obviously going to see is taking the PlanGrid technology international, into EMEA and into APAC. So, yes, there is an overlap but the overlap is by account, not by projects. We do not share any projects.
Gal Munda: Perfect. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sterling Auty of JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Sterling Auty: Yes, thanks. Hi guys. You mentioned in the prepared remarks talking about the outlook and your commentary on macro is that it hasn’t changed, but ahead of the G20 and a lot of concerns over trade discussions, et cetera, kind of what are you hearing specifically from customers in EMEA and APAC and what are your thoughts here going into next quarter from a macro perspective?
Scott Herren: Yes. Sterling, we are not seeing any impact on macro at this point, it’s something that obviously I think everyone is looking very closely for. We’ve been watching since the beginning of the year, frankly, to see if there’s any effect in the UK or across the northern Europe from Brexit. We’re not seeing that, we’re not seeing it in demand. We’re not seeing it in pipeline build. We’ve also been watching very carefully with the trading tariff situation, the way it’s escalated over the last couple of months, we’re not seeing any impact there. There is the anecdotal here and there, we’re not seeing any impact on demand and we’re not seeing any impact on pipeline build at this point. So, to this point the demand environment still remains robust and from what we can see it will continue that way through the end of the year.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. I just came off of Autodesk University, and I spend a lot of time with construction and manufacturing customers and yes sure some of them are seeing increases in the material costs, but they are all seeing increases in material costs. So really it’s not affecting their ability to execute on projects relative to their competition. So they’re still investing in technology from our side because they are all seeing the same kind of small impact in their material costs, but it’s not translating into any kind of impact on our business because the people have to get their job done.
Sterling Auty: That makes sense. And then my follow-up on PlanGrid, as you look at that space given the number of competitors that are in it, can you help us by comparing and contrasting what you think PlanGrid’s, particular strengths were versus the other competitors in that space?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, you’e right, it is a very competitive space, Sterling. There is lots of competition in this space. What we look at – there’s a couple of important things. One, PlanGrid built an excellent SaaS native application, that’s where our focus is on the BIM 360 portfolio. Everything started SaaS native, they’ve got an excellent set of technologies that are well tuned in mobile workflows, so they started with a stack that’s highly scalable, highly SaaS-focused, highly mobile-centric and that’s super important moving forward because that’s the paradigm that you have to go with. You don’t want to have to retool some underlying architecture to be more SaaS or mobile friendly. So that was number one, right? Number two is, they are covering a set of project requirements that we don’t necessarily cover as well with BIM 360. So they have that really robust document-centric flow, we have that really robust BIM-centric flow. Another thing that’s super important, they’re right down the street. All right, they’re right here in San Francisco, it allows us to tap more robustly into the San Francisco talent pool, it’s highly synergistic with our location strategy, so we’re able to build up a stronger construction presence here in San Francisco.  And then finally there is big synergy with their business models. The business models are nicely aligned. As we discussed earlier when Saket asked, there is pluses and minuses to the various business models out there and we felt very strongly that the named user in pay-per-use models are the winning models and project-based models hit a brick wall. So it was really important for us to look at all these things out there in terms of execution. That what lead us in this direction. They really got the right application in the right space at the right time. That’s what let us in this direction. They’ve really got the right application in the right space the right time.
Sterling Auty: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Hedberg of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Matt Hedberg: Hey guys, thanks. I’ll offer my congrats as well. Scott, can you help us how we should think through the impact of multi-year contracts to your -- you reiterate fiscal 2010 free cash flow targets, but is the plan to get back to more historical levels, is that primarily channel incentives to drive that behavior?
Scott Herren: Matt. It’s a great question. You remember this is one thing that I talked about as we were laying out the road to the $1.35 billion free cash flow for fiscal 2020 when I walked though that back at our Investor Day. And it really is about seeing multi-year sales kind of revert to its historic mean. We artificially depressed multi-year sales, we launched the Maintenance to Subscription program because we shot up all multi-year maintenance, we had to given three years of visibility to price increases that we’re going to happen there. So I’d say it’s more returning to the norm that it has been, which if you recall, I said, is about 20% of our sales. And that is focused on product subscription getting to that multi-year point. What that will mean is long term deferred will get up to less than it has been historically but probably into that 15% to 20% range below where it had been historically closer to 30% of our total deferred revenue, so it really is just about reverting that and that’s both a channel play and through our mid-market team.
Matt Hedberg: That’s great. And then just maybe just a quick one. As we think forward to Q1, what’s the right way to think about sort of like a cost of living price increase across the subscription portfolio of products? Is that kind of the right way to think about on an annual basis, just kind of like a cost of living increase?
Scott Herren: It is Matt. That’s not a decision that we’ve made or rolled out yet, but what we’ve said is over the long term expect to see us have annual price increases that are in that low-single digit kind of cost of living range longer term. We haven’t talked through or made the decisions on what kind of a price increase to look like beginning of next year.
Andrew Anagnost: Now as you know, we have published long-term price expectations for our M2S customers. So anyone who have taken the M2S offering has a 10-year visibility to how the cost of their subscription is going to trend over time, which is something we felt was really important to do for some of our best customers..
Matt Hedberg: Absolutely. Thanks again guys. Congrats.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brad Zelnick of Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Brad Zelnick: Thanks so much and congrats as well on PlanGrid and on a great quarter. I wanted to ask about the strength in EBAs and as well if you can comment about where we are in the shift to annual billings for EBAs and on penetrating within the enterprise?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Brad, thanks for that question. The EBA business continues to grow strongly. So if you remember the stat we gave, and we have updated this at our midyear point that I would expect to see this updated on our Investor Day last year and we’re about 45% penetrated through our base of EBA-eligible customers. So obviously we made little more progress on that. I expect to update that penetration rate when we come to the next investor day next March. What I’d say is we’ve seen great benefit, as do our customers see great benefit as they convert over to EBAs, usage goes up significantly at that renewal point because of the increased usage of that first renewal point we see anywhere from 40% to 45% higher renewal at the first renewal point because the usage goes up so much during that period. So the EBA business continues to grow strongly. I think the statistic we gave earlier was that the enterprise business grew about 50%, during the quarter we just closed and it continues to be a focus area for us.
Brad Zelnick: Excellent. If I could just follow-up on PlanGrid you’d said that you expect it will be dilutive to fiscal 2020 cash flow, but yet good to see your maintaining your fiscal 2020 target, but I guess its fair to assume its going to be accretive to fiscal 2023, any way to quantify that?
Scott Herren: Yes, so it doesn’t make sense for us to update those fiscal 2023 targets at this point. We haven’t even closed the transaction yet. So I don’t want to get into addressing fiscal 2023. It clearly is a part of the strategy we have laid out to get to our fiscal 2023 targets. In terms of fiscal 200, to back up to that piece they are bringing along a fairly robust revenue stream in addition, so it will be slightly dilutive to profitability in fiscal 2020 and slightly dilutive to free cash flows but we think we can contain it within our fiscal 2020 target of $1.35 billion of free cash flow.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, Brad, one of the frequent questions I get when I am now talking to the investment communities, they ask us also, how are you going to get to those construction numbers in the fiscal 2023 target. Well, now you know, it’s going to be a combination of organic and inorganic actions like what you just saw.
Brad Zelnick: Excellent. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Alex Tout of Deutsche Bank. Your line is now open.
Alex Tout: Yes. Hi, guys. Thanks for taking the question. Congrats on the quarter. Just firstly, on the BIM side and kind of more the concept of BIM, are you seeing any more government or agency mandates coming through that might act as sort of general catalysts for the BIM market and your attack on the market first of all? And then on the manufacturing side, you mentioned the interesting Ford example and how this was at least driven in part by generative design. We’ve also got concepts like digital twin and IIoT getting a lot of attention on the manufacturing side. But do you maybe see these initiatives in manufacturing as a little bit further out than the construction opportunity? Just your thoughts there on kind of how quickly those opportunities are developing relatively speaking. Thanks.
Andrew Anagnost: Right. So, Alex. Remind me what your first question was, because I got…
Alex Tout: Sorry.
Andrew Anagnost: BIM mandate, Okay. Thank you. Yes. Because I got – I started taking those. All right. Let me talk about the BIM mandate. So we’re absolutely seeing more momentum around governments and owners mandating BIM as part of their building process and as part of their specification process. We expect this to continue as time goes on. You remember what happened with the UK mandates and how that drove some pretty intense adoption of Revit in the UK markets and surrounding markets. You’re going to see more and more of those. It’s just part of what’s going to happen. We are very interested in seeing BIM based permitting processes, getting the government entities as well. That’s going to be something that we’d like to be part of helping people understand and do. Now, when it comes to the manufacturing opportunity, what you said there about it being somewhat further out, I think what you’re seeing right now, especially with our execution is on the construction side, you’ve got this perfect storm of technologies ready, the mobile platform as it is today and the cloud is absolutely 100% suited to what the construction industry needs. The customers are ready. They know they have to digitize and the products are ready. That’s why you see this intense doubling down on the construction opportunity in the near term right now. You look at manufacturing, tools like generatives and some of these other tools, IoT by the way we just see IoT as an input to generative, that’s how you collect data and you use it to put information in. It’s something we pioneered with the Hack Rod initiative a couple of years back. These initiatives are all very much in the exploratory stages of manufacturers, large and small. And what they’re doing is they are sitting there going well. I know that these technologies, the cloud, high-performance computing in the cloud, connected workflows generative, all of these things are going to have a big impact on my business. I just don’t know how I am going to deploy them yet. So you’ll see those start to get much more traction over an 18 to 24-month horizon whereas construction is kind of a now opportunity.
Alex Tout: Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Richard Davis of Canaccord. Your line is now open.
Richard Davis: Hey thanks. Maybe a longer-term question. You may or may not want to name names, but when we think about kind of how the growth, the unit growth will come as you kind of go through your transition, subscription in cloud, how should we think about the mix of you guys chipping away market share from your competition versus kind of acquiring because we’ve talked about this before, acquiring pirate and/or kind of getting people that are laggards to pay -- to become more sustainable but paying customers, is that 50-50, is it 60-40, or how you think about that?
Andrew Anagnost: All right. Richard, I can’t give you a percentage, but here’s the philosophical answer I’ll give you. In the short term what you’re going to see is piracy or what we call non-genuine users, piracy, non-genuine users and legacy users are going to be a more important driver, but in the long-term as you head out three to five years you’re absolutely going to see us chipping away competitors in this space, especially in the manufacturing space. The growth in Fusion is prefacing what’s going on in terms of our ability to execute in that space. There’s an absolute change in the manufacturing market and that change favors the cognitive, and we’ve invested, we’ve been patient. We work hard on that and its going to pay off in terms of share shift long term. So the way I have you think about this is, the one to three-year horizon you’re going to see a lot of these non-genuine users and legacy users coming in. When you look out two to three, to five-year horizon you’re going to see some share shift coming into the mix.
Scott Herren: Yes. And what I’ll add to that, Richard, is on the construction market, this is the -- we stated a $10 billion opportunity over time, but it’s probably less than a million today. The last time we did our own survey. We thought it was around the $500 million market today. So I think a lot of its growth going ahead is not necessarily reclaiming nonpaying users, whether they are legacy or pirates or share gains frankly in that space and where we have to take it from someone else. I think, in the construction market, that’s just an enormous amount of growth that’s going to happen in that marketplace, so ahead of us we’re really well positioned. But it’s a big market and there’s a lot of competitors in that space. I think there’s an up market there for all of us to grow.
Richard Davis: Yes. I agree. That’s good thought. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Keith Weiss of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Stan Zlotsky: Hi, guys. This is Stan Zlotsky sitting in for Keith. Just a quick clarification. When we think about the fiscal 2023 targets and the M&A, the inorganic I guess, contributions to get there beyond PlanGrid, should we be expecting similar type of transactions in the future? And then a quick follow-up on the cloud part of the business in the quarter?
Andrew Anagnost: So we’ve always been acquisitive, all right. We’ve been an acquisitive company. The last two years were an anomaly. What you’re seeing is entering back into a period where we’ll actually be acquisitive again. So we’re going to make disciplined choices between inorganic and organic execution over the next five years in all of the new markets we’re participating in. Construction being the first, manufacturing not being immune either, so I think you’ll continue to see us doing appropriate organic and inorganic actions. And I can’t remember -- what was your second question?
Stan Zlotsky: I didn’t originally state it. The official -- the official question, so the 53,000 cloud subs that we just saw in the quarter was a nice uptick versus the trend that we saw in Q1 and Q2 and you specifically mentioned that it came from BIM 360. But maybe just digging into that one, what is it about BIM 360 that really drove such a strong result within the cloud, a portion of the product? Was it better renewal rates, maybe just help us to unpack that number a bit? Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost: There’s two factors. One, and you might recall a year ago -- the infamous year ago, we had stopped doing promotions that were pushing kind of low-end BIM 360 products into our channel. We now have clean year-over-year compares from those days. So what you see is the year-over-year compares are more representative of where we’re going with the business. The other piece that I think is really important to pay attention to is that you know that six or nine months ago we rolled out the new platform for BIM 360 that was integrating our field and planned functionality on a single platform. That platform is now starting to get adoption in some of our largest customers and what you’re seeing is the pull through in the BIM 360 business as a result.
Stan Zlotsky: Perfect. Thank you so much.
Andrew Anagnost: You’re very welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from of Zane Chrane of Bernstein Research. Your line is now open.
Zane Chrane: Great. Thanks for fitting me in and congrats on a great quarter guys. You had really strong growth in EMEA and APAC and that’s really impressive given the fact that these regions tend to lag in cloud and subscription adoption versus North America. I’m just wondering is the strong growth you’re seeing in those regions being driven more by customers getting more comfortable with these types of deployment models, or is it -- is it more macro driven such that there’s maybe a uptick in construction or manufacturing demand? Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, I think it’s a little bit of both. And it’s a little bit different story between APAC and EMEA. I think in EMEA we are seeing better penetration. We’re seeing better uptake, both of the new model types and of cloud across EMEA. I think in APAC what you see is more than the fast growth rate we’re seeing there is more common on the year earlier quarter where as you recall, we’ve struggled for a couple of years in Japan, made several changes there, changes in our market structure, changes in our own team, frankly to drive execution and we’re really seeing Japan turnaround very nicely, and that’s fueling a lot of the growth that we see in APAC. So it’s a little bit, a little bit of a different story between the two.
Zane Chrane: That’s great. And just a quick follow up, any difference in the macro outlook in those regions versus North America?
Andrew Anagnost: No, not at this time.
Zane Chrane: Got it. Right. Thanks very much guys.
Andrew Anagnost: Yup.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ken Talanian with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Ken Talanian: Hi, thanks for taking the question. So first off, when you look at the construction opportunity, what if anything do you need to do to better address the building owner constituent who may not be as familiar with Autodesk as they are with say a traditional ERP vendor?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, so we actually have a very quiet product that we have out there in the market already called BIM 360 Ops. And one of the big value propositions of BIM in general is that it leaves behind a 3D model that is a huge asset to the owner in terms of managing, maintaining and using their assets as time progresses. So we’ve been experimenting in that space. What you’re going to do is see us getting deeper penetration there from a couple of fronts frankly. Some of our lead customers are actually starting to become more owners because they see, they see opportunity for them in managing building spaces. There some of the customers that are using BIM 360 Ops now, BIM 360 Ops are in that category. So you’ll see us getting more awareness in that space simply because some of our customers are starting to participate more in that part of the market.
Ken Talanian: Okay, great. And another question, could you give us a sense for some of the factors that drove your renewal rates up and what levers you might have going forward?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes Ken, we just, we continue to see – so let’s say maintenance efforts from subscription -- line of products subscription. We continue to see maintenance rates hold off despite the move from maintenance to subscription, and gave you the stat that more than 30% of those eligible actually moved from an individual product to a collection, which means they probably have more maintenance subscriptions and fewer industry collections subscription. So despite that fact and despite the price increase, we continue to see maintenance renewal rates hold up nicely. So that’s a positive little surprise, we’re not seeing faster migration frankly from maintenance over to product subscription. But at this point, the price difference between the two is still pretty nominal. That price gap will expand next year. Product subscription is just -- it’s continued adoption and deep adoption and building that product subscription into your workflows such that it becomes an indispensable tool much like the products have been back in a perpetual license world. So, each of those are progressing, actually picking up modestly, but picking up quarter-on-quarter. Operator, we have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude our question and answer session. I would now like to turn the call back over to Abhey Lamba for closing remarks.
Abhey Lamba: Yes, thanks. This concludes the conference call. Thanks for joining us this afternoon. If you have any follow up questions, please reach out to us. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This concludes today’s program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2019 Q2  (2018-08-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Abhey Lamba - Vice President Investor Relations Andrew Anagnost - President and Chief Executive Officer Scott Herren - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc. Philip Winslow - Wells Fargo Securities Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital Richard Davis - Canaccord Genuity Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Hamza Fodderwala - Morgan Stanley Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen & Co LLC. Robert Oliver - Robert W. Baird & Co.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fiscal Q2 2019 Autodesk Inc., Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. And I would now like to introduce your host for today’s call, Mr. Abhey Lamba. Sir, you may begin.
Abhey Lamba: Thanks, operator, and good afternoon. Thank you for joining our call to discuss the results of our second quarter of fiscal 2019. On the line is Andrew Anagnost, our CEO; and Scott Herren, our CFO. Today’s conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. As noted in our press release, we have published our prepared remarks on our website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments and we will not repeat them on this call. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the anticipated future performance of the Company such as our guidance for the third quarter and full-year fiscal 2019, our long-term financial model guidance, our cash flow expectations, the factors we use to estimate our guidance, including assumptions regarding ASC 606, our maintenance to subscription transition, ARPS, customer value, cost structure, our market opportunities and strategies, and trends for various products, geographies and industries. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time-to-time with the SEC, specifically our Form 10-K for fiscal year 2018, our Form 10-Q for the period ending April 30, 2018, and our current reports on Form 8-K including the Form 8-K filed with today’s press release and prepared remarks. Those documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today’s call, but we will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today’s press release, prepared remarks and on the Investor Relations section of our website. We will quote a number of numeric or growth changes as we discuss in our financial performance, and unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison under ASC 606. And now, I would like to turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks, Abhey. Our strong Q2 results led by 28% growth in total annualized recurring revenue not only reflect a healthy demand environment, but also continued execution as we move further through our transition to subscription. We also achieved strong growth in ARPS, billings, revenue and earnings. There are several key areas that I want to highlight. We had record growth in total ARR and total ARPS on both a year-over-year and sequential basis. The same goes for core ARR, which grew 29% in core ARPS. Recurring revenue advanced to 96%. We continue to see steady migration of maintenance customers in subscription with the maintenance-to-subscription program or M2S. And we’ve bolstered our presence in the construction market with the acquisition of Assemble Systems. First, let’s dive into ARR. I’ll repeat that we view ARR is the best proxy for measuring our progress in the overall health of our business. I noted last quarter that we expected ARR growth to build as we move through the year and we are absolutely seeing that in the second quarter. The strength in total ARR was once again broad-based with all three major geographies showing growth with APAC showing the strongest growth. Subscription plan ARR more than doubled for the sixth time in the past seven quarters, driven by growth in all subscription plan types led by product subscription. We continue to drive impressive growth in product subscription ARR on both a year-over-year and sequential basis. Looking at our core business, which represents the combination of maintenance, product subscription, and EBA subscriptions. It’s not surprising that core ARR grew in line with total ARR, as our core business drives the overwhelming majority of our revenue, ARR and billings growth. Simultaneously, customers continue to engage with our solutions for reimagining construction and manufacturing. That progress is reflected in cloud ARR, which grew more than 20% year-over-year and 10% sequentially. You've heard me say many times the construction is our key initial focus for becoming a designer made company. The market is ready and we have compelling technology and products. The biggest contributor to our cloud ARR is our BIM 360 family of products, our project delivery and construction management software that connects design and construction. A great example of how BIM 360 is being utilized in the field comes from WebCore, a large U.S. based general contractor. They are utilizing a range of advanced technology to support an innovative and efficient approach to construction. The Company is using Autodesk BIM 360 on the UC Merced 2020 project, which will expand the University of California as Merced campus by over 1.2 million square feet across 14 structures. BIM 360 is enabling WebCore to gain greater efficiency in delivering documentation and coordinated models to the field. They are also using the Forge platform to integrate and connect project data with BIM data, resulting in a single source of information and enhanced project delivery and performance. We continue to aggressively pursue that $10 billion construction opportunity. And last month, we expanded our product offerings with the acquisition of Assemble Systems, a cloud-based solution offering combined 2D and 3D quantity take off for the construction market. Assemble is doing something very unique and was one of the first companies to recognize the power of BIM for preconstruction planning and developed ways to efficiently get information out of the model and into the planning process. They extract the information and make it useful and accessible for contractors to help them with bid management, estimating, project management, scheduling, site management and finance. They were also an early adopter of our Forge platform. Assemble is a team of about 50 people, fairly evenly split between sales and engineering. Their products are used by over 200 companies, including a quarter of the ENR 400 and have been used on more than 7,000 construction projects. Assemble will enhance our market positioning and contribute to making BIM 360 a more comprehensive solution, spanning across the design and construction phase. We believe this will be a great fit both from a product and people perspective. We know them all well as Autodesk through our Forge Fund was a lead investor in their Series A realm last year. We are also seeing nice progress with the adoption of Fusion in the manufacturing market, an exciting Fusion customers Fabric, makers of award-winning cycling products. Fabric’s mission is to bring innovation to its industry by leveraging unique manufacturing methods. The Fabric team was initially introduced to Fusion by another customer and started using it for the complex industrial design requirements of bicycle saddles and affords ability to link the designs directly to manufacturing and 3D printing. Then they expanded their uses of Fusion into design, simulation and validation. Recently they have begun using generative design in Fusion to explore hundreds of practical design alternatives that delivers superior performance and can be manufactured efficiently. They are a great company and they illustrate how manufacturers are innovating with the use of advanced tools like Fusion. Now I’ll turn it over to Scott for more details on subscriptions, ARPS and other financial metrics.
Scott Herren: Thanks Andrew. Before getting into the Q2 numbers, I want to comment on the terrific progress we've made since we started down this path to transform our model to subscription and cloud back in calendar 2014. We’ve added over 1.7 million net subscriptions over that time period and it’s now been two years since we sold our last perpetual license. The mix of our business is also dramatically shifted, as maintenance now makes up less than 30% of the subs and ARR basis, and the new model has allowed us to add a significant number of new customers to Autodesk. We’ve also migrated over 600,000 maintenance customers to subscription. From a financial standpoint, we are now firmly back in the growth stage. We’re back to non-GAAP profitability, positive cash flow, and we’ve transformed our business from less than 40% recurring revenue, prior to the start of the transition, to a highly predictable 96% recurring revenue in Q2. We still have some ways to go to achieve the fiscal 2020 targets we’ve laid out and believe the best is yet to come, but it's worth noting the meaningful progress we’ve made today. Looking at Q2, now I'll start with a closer look at subscriptions. Subscription plan subs grew by 290,000 in Q2 with growth coming in all three categories; cloud, enterprise and product subscriptions. Core subscription additions were 88,000 and increased 6% sequentially. We added 31,000 net cloud subscriptions, which is a nice step up from the 18,000 we added in Q1. It's important to note that net subscription additions continued to be impacted by product consolidation from the adoption of Industry Collections. Again, the good news is that many of these customers are increasing their total spend with Autodesk, contributing to solid increases in ARR and ARPS. The adoption of Industry Collections is happening through the regular run rate of new business, the renewal process, the legacy promo and the M2S program. New subscriptions for Industry Collections increased 60% year-over-year and represented 40% of the net product subscription additions in Q2. Industry Collections now make up 27% of the total base of product subscriptions, up from 14% in Q2 last year, that’s great progress. This is important because Industry Collections generate higher ARPS and have a much higher renewal rate compared to standalone products and it also signals a deeper relationship with the customers they were able to utilize more of our solutions. Speaking of the M2S program, we continue to make solid progress in migrating our maintenance customers to do subscription. In Q2, customers migrated 117,000 maintenance subs to product subs. While at less than what we have converted over the past two quarters. Remember that the pool of maintenance subscription gets smaller each passing quarter. The conversion rate remains strong with over one-third of all maintenance renewal opportunities during Q2 migrating the product subscription. But those that migrate once again about 30% of eligible subscriptions upgraded from an individual product to an Industry Collection. The renewal rate for maintenance declined slightly sequentially as expected. This is consistent with our long-term model, where we’ve projected a decrease in maintenance renewal rates as we progressed further into the M2S program. The renewal rate for product subscription experienced another sequential increase and we expected to continue to rise as the product mix shifts towards higher value products. Helping bolster that renewal rate are the M2S related subscriptions which have a very high renewal rate as expected because the program was designed to be very sticky. Let’s go to deeper on this topic, when we first announced the M2S offer, we provided a three-year price outlook to our maintenance customers who converted. As time went on, we heard customer feedback on extending this pricing outlook, so they can plan for their long-term business needs and investment in Autodesk solutions. So in June, we announced that we are extending our price commitment to 2028 for customers to continue to renew after they switch to subscription. For these converted customers to renewal SRP will increase by no more than 5% every other year starting in calendar 2021 subject to currency movements of course. It’s has nothing to do with the adoption of M2S, but rather putting customers at ease regarding their number one concern that our investment will significantly increase pricing once they move to subscription. This action simply puts into writing, but we've been verbalizing since we lost the program. The cost of living type adjustments would be implemented after the initial three-year price freeze and is consistent with our long-term financial goals. In each, quarter the vast majority of the new subscription plan subs are added through traditional means. However, we continue to make progress in converting legacy users into subscribers. In Q2, the legacy promo added 17,000 product subscriptions and 35% of those where Industry Collections, which is the highest percentage we ever achieved for the legacy promotion. Once again the average age of the licenses that are turned in with the promo is about seven years behind the current release indicating there is still a very long tail of legacy customers to convert. There continues to be about 2 million of these legacy users that are actively using an old perpetual license without maintenance plan. We believe that over time we will convert a large number of them utilizing our insides sales team to concentrate on converting this important cohort. The consistent attribute of the transition is the new customers continue to make up a meaningful proportion of the product subscription additions and represented over 25% of the mix for the quarter. These new customers come from a mix of market expansion, growth in emerging markets, converting unlicensed users and people have been using an alternative design tool. Not let’s talk a little bit more about annualized revenue per subscription or ARPS. ARPS continue to inflect up in Q2. Various pricing changes we made in the past two quarters have the greatest influence on Q2 ARPS. These are been relatively small adjustments such as the price increase associated with the M2S program, lower channel discount on AutoCAD LT and an increase from multi-user subscriptions. Long-term ARPS drivers will continue to be the growing renewal base which comes at higher net price to Autodesk, the increase in digital direct sales also at higher net price to Autodesk. The product mix shift to Industry Collections, the maintenance price increase for those customers who don’t take advantage of the M2S program and less discounting and promotional activity. We expect ARPS to continue to inflect up for all the reasons I have just discussed as we progressed through the transition. Our e-store which is like a bigger part of our digital sales grew over 75% in Q2. For the past four quarters, our e-store has generated over 20% of the product subscriptions and Q2 also marked the seventh consecutive quarter of greater than 30% growth in our direct-to-enterprise business. What’s interesting is that while the growth of our total direct business accelerated to its highest range in over two years, growth indirect business grew even faster, leading the mix of indirect business to tick up a point to 72% of total revenue. We continue to believe that over time the mix of direct business will outpace the growth of indirect, leading to a more even spilt between direct and indirect revenue. Moving to spend management, our total non-GAAP spend came in at $556 million for the quarter, which is slightly higher than expected. However, if we normalize for ASC 340 and foreign exchange rates, the year-over-year growth in total spend would have been less than 2%. The sequential increase in spend was related to the continued hiring ramp that we’ve been calling up for the past few quarters as we near the completion of the resource rebalancing we announced in Q4 of last year. Our intent for fiscal 2019 remains to keep non-GAAP spend roughly flat at constant currency relative to our fiscal 2018 budget at about $2.2 billion. Looking at the balance sheet, total deferred revenue grew 20% as reported and 24% under ASC 605. Unbilled deferred revenue decreased by $6 million sequentially to $406 million. It’s important to note the impact of ASC 606 here because 606 require early renewals to be captured in unbilled deferred revenue. Early renewals in Q2 were $20 million lower than Q1 when some maintenance customers renewed early ahead of the M2S price increase. So while traditional unbilled deferred revenue related to moving our large EBA customers to annual billings increased by $14 million sequentially, it was more than offset by fewer early renewals. Looking at cash flow, we return to positive cash flow as expected in Q2. Operating cash flow was $43 million which benefited from growth and billings and better than expected billings linearity and cash collections. We used $147 million in the quarter to buyback roughly 1.1 million shares at an average price of $131.52. We continue to be committed the managing dilution and reducing shares outstanding over time. Now I’ll turn the discussion to our outlook and I’ll start by saying that our view of the global economic conditions remains mostly unchanged from the last few quarters for monitoring the potential macroeconomic impact from various trade and tariffs disputes. There have been some FX volatility but our hedging program is succeed and smoothing of the bigger swings. Overall, we really proud the results we achieved in Q2 in the first half of the year. As we look at our outlook for Q3 in the second half, we expect to see continuing sequential increases in most metrics, including ARR, ARPS, billings, revenue, spend, earnings, and subscription additions. We expect our hiring ramp to continue in the second half as we finished the rebalancing of resources to the most strategic projects and as such we expect our spend to increase sequentially and would likely be at the high end of our guidance range for the full-year. Keep in mind the adoption of ASC 340 capitalizes commissions. So we won’t have as big of step up and spend in Q4 compared to historical trends. Also point out the remodeling cash flow to decrease moderately sequentially in Q3 related to the shipping billings linearity that I mentioned earlier, which resulted in more of our Q2 billings being collected in quarter. We continue to expect a sizable uptick in cash flow in Q4 and then will be cash flow positive for the year and the acquisition of Assemble will not have the material impact on our overall results this year. We have confident and achieving our fiscal 2020 goals that said subscription additions for this year likely will be at the low end of our guidance range, primarily related to the success we are having with the adoption of industry collections and the consolidation we are experiencing with the M2S program. And one side note with regards to subscriptions, we will continue to report out on subs and ARPS for the remainder of this year, but are not planning on reporting those metrics on a quarterly basis starting in Q1 of fiscal 2020. Of course we use events like our annual Investor Day to report at an important metrics that will help you build out your long-term models. Now I’ll turn the call back over to Andrew for a quick closing comment.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks Scott. I wanted to note that I’ve recently completed my first year as Autodesk’s CEO. It's been an exciting four quarters and we've made a tremendous amount of progress. The three primary focus areas that I outlined at this time last year have not changed and all are on track. So allow me to remind you what new organization is focused on for driving success. The first is completing the subscription transition. We remain focused not only in the financial results, but on enhancing the subscriber experience and delivering more value to our customers and customers are acknowledging that we absolutely providing greater value with subscription. Second, is digitizing the Company. By that I mean that we are investing in our own digital infrastructure to create opportunities for our customers to transact and engage directly with us, increase their level of self-service for a wide range of customer needs, and increase our ability to instantly and reliably understand how successful our customers are being with our products. We've made progress in this area and we have expanded the self-service capabilities in Autodesk account, allowing customers to easily manage users, add seats, align billings, and take advantage of the flexibility inherent in our subscription model. We've also rolled out a broad set of capabilities that help our inside sales and support teams understand the status of the customers they interact with every day. The third is reimagining construction, manufacturing and production. You should have no doubt that we are absolutely committed to winning the construction space and winning in the new world of digital manufacturing. We've done well to establish early leadership position in construction and we're not going to slow down. Operator, we'd now like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Your line is now open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. Andrew, let me start with you and ask a question regarding the alignment with your sales and distribution model to your product and market strategy in two respects. With respect to the growing intersection of manufacturing that you see through your strategy, can you talk about how you're aligning, particularly the indirect channels to do that? You've typically separated the AEC from the manufacturing specialties in indirect. Would it make sense for you to increasingly combine or converge the channel specialties in that way to be more directly aligned with your product market strategy that is the focus areas you just spoke off? And then secondly with regard to the self-service model, when would you expect that the e-store could be at least half of the direct business? And then lastly for Scott, your AEC Manufacturing segment revenues were largely in line with our model, so the upside was as it turned out in AutoCAD for the repackaged AutoCAD. Would you expect for the remainder of the year that the relatively better growth or upside might occur in the repackaged AutoCAD as compared with the AEC Manufacturing segment?
Andrew Anagnost: Okay. So Jay, let me start answering your question by just kind of summarizing how we structured the sales force, because I think it actually talks directly to what you're talking about. So at the beginning of this year, we realigned the sales force along with a series of new models. First, what we did is, we of course maintained and invested a little bit more on our major account team. And as you know, the major account team is basically account-based. So account-based is kind of an industry type model, but it focuses on what's most important to the account, which by the way is the most valuable way to go-to-market with anything, because accounts blend many different things. Some of our biggest accounts are both AEC customers and Manufacturing customers that they have buildings, and maybe they design products. The other thing we did is we built out what we call a mid-market team, which is one level below our major account team. This is still a team that fulfills indirectly, but it's structured like a named accounts team, in that the reps have a series of accounts assigned to them that they then work with designated channel partners to satisfy. Again, this is the best way to try to scale a business when you see customers of our business is coming together because the accounts are already identified either as manufacturing or construction or architecture accounts or engineering accounts or as holistic – accounts. So that model actually allowed us to expand the account paradigm deeper into our channel network, and actually sort of align the channel on an account-based methodology and thinking. The next tier down below from that is what we call territory sales. And the territory sales has essentially split into two pieces, this kind of the more generic horizontal part of our business where it's more picked up by ambient demand. There's not specific accounts called out, but we do market along the specific segments. And what we've done in that area is we've got the business completely driven by channels. The channels are in the lead there and then we've got the digital piece. The piece that encompasses our inside sales teams and our e-store, which can be highly somewhat verticalized just like what we’ve done with named account sales where a particular inside sales rep might call and just have an e-accounts or just manufacturing accounts, just ADC accounts. We believe that structure combined with some intermediate steps around accelerating opportunities saying construction manufacturing is the right structure going forward and aligns with some of the concepts you're saying, well a lot of things that our customers do are getting closer and closer together. So that answers to your first question. The second question, I'll answer this way. Our long-term target for our business is half direct, half indirect. We anticipate that direct piece is going to be half e-store, half major account direct. Our e-store grew over 70% this quarter year-over-year. We are posting impressive growth numbers down there. More and more of the LT business is being captured in that channel. And I can give you a specific number on when that mix becomes 50/50 and see what the investment is doing. It’s driving a lot more growth in that channel and we expect that growth to continue to be robust especially as it starts to get more and more robust and say Europe and then APAC first to pick up. There are still lots of room to grow down that channel. And Scott I’ll turn the last question over to you.
Scott Herren: Sure. Your question on AutoCAD upside, we repackaged all the AutoCAD verticals and AutoCAD together into one AutoCAD. We launched that earlier this year. And the whole goal of that was to make it easier to sell, easier to buy, easier to consume AutoCAD. And so some of the benefits we are seeing is from that for sure and I think we will see some of that benefit continue through the year. I think the second is I think most of you know, we made changes in our channel marketing structure for AutoCAD LT which also rolls into AutoCAD family. When we reduced the channel margins on AutoCAD LT with the goal of having the channels, but more then are focused on selling collections which we see is actually having a quite nice outcome. But when you layer in both the acceleration from one AutoCAD and the change in the channel margin on LT, those are the two things that are fueling the growth in the AutoCAD family.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. Thanks very much.
Scott Herren: Thanks Jay.
Andrew Anagnost: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Phil Winslow with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Philip Winslow: Thanks guys for taking my question and congrats on a great quarter. Just one question for Scott and then a follow-up for Andrew. Scott, obviously another strong quarter in ARPS and you laid out a lot of the drivers that we should see over the next multiple years to continue to move that higher. I was hoping you gave some color as you think sort of the next few quarters here, how we think about sort of the incremental drivers and ARPS versus what we've seen here in the first half of this year. Then to your comment about sort of collections being strong, obviously a positive to ARPS, could you also maybe provide some color on just the impact to the subscription unit number? And then like I said, just one quick follow-up for Andrew.
Scott Herren: Sure, Phil. On the drivers of ARPS – the long-term drivers of ARPS are going to be the same one that we've talked about an Investor Day and that I highlighted in the opening commentary. The growing renewal base which is higher net to us, the digital sales continues to grow, that's a higher net to us. M2S – and M2S both as a long-term driver of growth and also had a significant impact on Q2. As you know, the beginning of Q2, we got a year or two of maintenance subscription, which met the maintenance price index up another 10% and the conversion price index up 5%. So that's a long-term driver that's also a specific Q2 driver for us on ARPS. And then greater or less discounting and promotional activity, so greater net yield to us across the Board. The LT channel discount change that we made earlier in the year, we're seeing that now flow through, obviously goes first into deferred revenue from deferred revenue into the P&L and ARPS. That was a benefit to ARPS in Q2. Industry Collections continues to – we continue to have great success. And 40% of the net product subscriptions added in the quarter were Industry Collections, which is a high water mark for us. That's driving ARPS. It is having an offset. To the second part of your question Phil, that does have an offset to subs obviously, but I think that's a – in most cases, the customers end up spending more money with us when they make that change from standalone products to Industry Collections. So we drive more ARR and of course higher ARPS and trade-off faster subscriptions growth. I think that's a good trade-off. And then finally, we made a slight price adjustment on our multi-user products. We also saw the benefit of that for the first time really flowing through deferred revenue and into reported results during Q2. So it's a lot of things that all move right direction on ARPS in Q2 – probably get ahead of your next year follow-up on this. When you look at our guidance for the full-year, you can see – we do expect to see continued ARPS growth in both Q3 and Q4 throughout the year.
Philip Winslow: Got it. Thanks Scott. And then Andrew, obviously you highlighted the acquisition of Assemble and if I think about just your construction management, portfolio is broad, and obviously start on the design side, but then BIM, and then the Assemble being able to connect that BIM data into planning systems, then you've got your planning construction management team. You think about sort of lifecycle of CMS. So how do you think about how sort of deep Autodesk wants to go onto the CMS side, because it seems to be you're inching further along kind of that lifecycle, but still being grounded in the design side, kind of like CAD and PLM?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So long-term our goal is to capture every aspect of that cycle. From all the way from designs, you’re preconstruction to site execution into operation. We're very interested in that whole process. And the reason I said this multiple times is because it's moving in a direction of the manufacturing cycle moved in the past. The model is going to become the currency that moves from one aspect of the design process to the next aspect of the main process to ultimately once you do retire or manage the asset and make the next asset. So we think the model is going to be a critical piece of this process moving forward and we intend to manage the flow that information across the entire process. You're correct and what you said around Assemble Systems that was a classic move for us to double down on the area of pre-construction where we're trying to help people take driven data and turn it into actionable information in the creek pre-construction planning cycle. That's exactly what Assemble it does and it helps us basically drive opened the opportunity in an area that we feel we're highly competitively advantaged in the space.
Philip Winslow: Got it, so CLM not just PLM, all right. Thanks guys.
Scott Herren: Thanks, Phil.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Saket Kalia with Barclays Capital. Your line is now open.
Saket Kalia: Hi guys, thanks for taking my questions here. First, may be for you Scott. Nice job on the billings this quarter. I think clearly the acceleration in ARR is the main driver, but you touched on some other items as well. So just wondering if you could talk about some other factors there are like duration and linearity and how you think about – how you thought about some of the drivers of ARR – a billing strength in the quarter?
Scott Herren: Yes. Thanks Saket. Duration really doesn't have an effect during the quarter on billings. If you look at our weighted-average term links of our deferred revenue effect you see on the balance sheet. You see our long-term deferred actually declined again sequentially. So we're not seeing a change in duration this driving billings. It does get back to a lot of the things I just talked about in response to Phil's question about the drivers of ARPS. ARPS, the layering on of greater growth of industry collections, some of the changes that we made on channel margins, that the growth through the channel, frankly we had a really strong quarter indirect as you heard in the opening commentary and we actually take down a one percentage point in the percent of direct because the channel grew really strong during in the quarter. So that – if it was a combination of those things, much more so than any kind of one-time benefit that hit billings during the quarter.
Saket Kalia: Got it. That's very helpful. Andrew, for may be my follow-up for you. I know we've talked about renewal rates a little bit, but I'd like to zoom in a little bit on subscription renewal rates in particular. Now that we've gone through a couple price increases. I guess the question is how those trended? I think we've touched on a little bit, but can you recap for us how those have trended and more importantly, how have you thought about those renewal rates for subscription in the long-term model?
Andrew Anagnost: All right, Saket, let me answer that question from a couple of things. First, one of the things that we watch very, very closely here as we watch transition is the maintenance renewal rates in particular. All right, we know that the prices were going to be going up. We modeled in certain changes in maintenance renewal rates over time. So we've got a long-term model and what we expect to happen to maintenance renewal rates as the price is ratchet up on maintenance and as the M2S program progresses. What I can tell you right now is those renewal rates are smack dab in line with what we've been modeling and what our goals were with regards to that. Now, do the models numbers create the outcome or are we just brilliant modelers in predicting customer behavior? We can debate that. But what we're seeing is behavior that's right in line with what we’re modeling. The same goes from what we're seeing in the product subscription area, the pure product subscription area. We’re seeing nice increases in renewal rates, what we expected, what we have built into our model. So I think the important headline here is we're seeing things that are consistent with our expectations. And one of the things that was also very gratifying, and Scott mentioned it earlier in the opening commentary is the M2S program was designed to be very sticky. It's designed to incent our maintenance customers to come over and feel great coming over. And what we're seeing is really high or highest renewal rates for customers that took on the M2S program, which by the way is an important fact that in terms of taking care of our best customers, but also making sure to retain that basis in the future.
Saket Kalia: Very helpful. Thanks guys.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks, Saket.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Richard Davis with Canaccord. Your line is now open.
Richard Davis: Thanks. BIM is been around for – I mean I've been hearing people talk about it for at least a decade, but it's doing well. And so the question I have is, so when I talked to some of your customers, some bought it because it was like – a very few have bought it – some bought it because of the digital transformation. Others were more kind of I guess cold blooded and saw hard dollar ROI. So when I kind of think about how markets evolve. Is this a market and you guys have much more visibility in this thank I will. So is this a market that kind of starts with like a hard dollar ROI sale? And then as you kind of get momentum and people say, this is like really important, you'll start to get these kind of bigger deals because you'll hear this digital transformation discussion. And this is exactly what we saw with sales force is what we're seeing with service now and other industries and sectors. I wonder if that's – how this market is going to play out, so thanks.
Scott Herren: Yes. Look here is how these markets generally play out. There's always a first mover and when you’re talking about BIM, I want to distinguish whether or not you’re talking about. BIM is in the whole – discipline in building information modeling or BIM 360 in terms of the construction [indiscernible]. What you’re saying is actually – but let's just talk specifically about BIM 360. What you're seeing right now in the space is that there is a pressing problem to digitize the site. So the mainstream problem, that's the problem that just about every construction company sees is this idea – well I get digitized my site. I need to get model information to the construction site, I need to get up-to-date drawing information to the construction site. There's a lot of – that segment of the market right now because the technology is ready, the customer is ready. They want it and they need it. That's getting that kind of classic adoption curve that we typically see in any kind of technology, more and more people are buying. And now they're starting to ask the question about, okay, so what's the next step? So if I go and I look at some of our more forward looking customers, especially some of our largest construction and general contractors, they're already looking at, okay. I'm able to digitize my site. But I want to digitize my entire construction process just like those guys do over in Boeing or Airbus and make the same processes that they have for how I build the building, a road or a bridge. They're experimenting early with this pushing the building information model further and further down into the process. And what's you're going to see is this battle for competitive advantage. It's now becoming who can be more digital first, so that they can increase their fidelity on project bids, cut a few hundred million off their bid for a project because they have much more precise information about what the margin is. So it’s going to become a digital arms race. And that's exactly what starts to happen in classic technology adoption. There is all sorts of words for it, the tornado and you've heard of many different kinds of words. It's been called different things over the ages. But we're starting to see the early signs of basically a digitalization arms race between various people in the construction space and it's going to play out there.
Richard Davis: Yes. That's super helpful. Thank you very much.
Andrew Anagnost: Okay. Thanks Richard.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you. So I just wanted to talk a little bit. You guys are obviously well on your way to $6, which was the first target you guys laid out years ago. But as people start to shift the focus to $11, and I know you've touched on this a little bit here, but can you share with us how you're thinking about the contribution from cloud subs, how important are they to getting to that number and how do we think about broader adoption in the construction market given they've typically been really slow to embrace technology? So I guess I'm wondering what do you think the industry needs to see to be more open to leveraging technology. Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So let me approach this from a couple of directions. So first off, we're definitely committed to our long-term capital targets that we put out there in various forms, especially at Investor Day. I want to remind you something we said at Investor Day because it's very important for how we look at the company moving forward. And we look less at the ratios that we've been classically talking about and much more at the sum of revenue growth and free cash flow margin and trying to optimize that number to provide the right long-term outcome for the company and the right kind of value creation. So just remember, as we look forward out beyond FY 2020, we're really looking at the sum of those two numbers, revenue growth and free cash flow margin growth is kind of the ways to look at where we're going moving forward, that we remain completely committed to the free cash flow targets we put out there. Now, when you look at the construction market, so I want to challenge something you said, there already is a large increase in technology spending going on in the construction space. It's not just because of all the VC money that's been invested in this space. There's actually hundreds of millions of dollars in revenue being generated right now on the site execution product. So what's changed fundamentally is it’s getting harder and harder for these construction companies, especially on large projects to win without having some kind of digitization in their process. They're simply not able to get the margins and hit the scheduling requirements they have without having tighter control over the data flow. So they've been historically reluctant because the industry as a whole has been historically sloppy. And because the industry as a whole is sloppy, there was no competitive pressure to actually drive technology adoption. But what you're starting to see is types of excellence inside the construction industry where people are adopting, some of our best customers are becoming very digital and they're highly visionary in terms of how they see the construction industry evolving that vision and that move towards being highly digital is changing the way people have to compete in this space. So it's been slow in the past because sloppy has been tolerated and everybody was sloppy and they were all equally sloppy. People are getting a lot tighter and that's what it's going to change things Heather as you move forward, it's basically back to this fundamental thing about as the secular margin gets more digital the rest of the segments right back into the digital by necessity.
Heather Bellini: Thank you very much.
Andrew Anagnost: You’re welcome.
Scott Herren: Thanks Heather.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. Your line is now open.
Sterling Auty: Hi guys. Thanks. So a lot of discussion around BIM, not only on this call, but a lot of investor questions leading up to the call. I just want to ask is simply, has the financial results out of your BIM initiatives lived up to your expectations?
Andrew Anagnost: Sterling, we just had 21% growth in cloud ARR this quarter which is a mostly made up of BIM 360. We added 31,000 subs in the BIM 360 space. We are absolutely seeing results that we want to see in this space. You also saw it moved to make an acquisition around Assemble to try to double down. And frankly what we believe is a highly differentiated part of the process for us around preconstruction. It's an area where our customers are actually saying, well, we're glad you're doing this site digitization stuff, but can you do more on preconstruction for us? So we're actually seeing a lot of the things we expected to see and we're getting increased demand from some of our best customers around the area they want to see us spend more effort on. So I do feel pretty good about where we're going and I feel very good about our prospects. And one of the things I want to iterate here too, is because I've said it many times, our goal to be number one in this construction space right, looking for number two, we are not. We would never be satisfied with number three, we're going to be looking to be number one and we're heavily focused on doing everything it takes to become number one in the space. And I think you just want to make sure that you hear kind of our commitment to that and frankly our passion for that.
Sterling Auty: And one follow-up again on the space, if you look at the big customers, like ENC 300, et cetera. How are they adopting? Are they going with a single vendor and trying to build? Or are they kind of using a couple of different vendors and a couple of different projects to kind of test the waters and then making their decisions and developing from there.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So I mean [indiscernible] what you see is the biggest in the ENR 100 and top of GC chain. What they do is, they have a combination of vendors they bring in and also they bring custom developed solutions on top of what they're doing to fill the gaps between what they see that no vendor is providing. Now the great news about the fact that they’re engaged in some of these custom solution executions, they’re becoming big adopters of Forge, because Forge, let them stitch together some of our data into some of their flows in ways that we haven't done the work in some of our off the shelf products to do that. So everything you just described is exactly what's happening. I will tell you that there's more and more pressure on us to consolidate more and more of the process around the building information model and we're trying to respond to all of those requests, but the way you described it as multiple vendors involved and custom software coming together at the [indiscernible] that's exactly what happens.
Sterling Auty: Got it. Thank you.
Scott Herren: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Hamza Fodderwala: Hi, this is Hamza Fodderwala and for Keith Weiss. So it seems like the overall ARR growth was strong, but the cloud ARR did come in a bit below that of the core business? Is that largely just a result of a tougher year-on-year compares and do you see any indication of a reacceleration in the second half from the revamped BIM 360 product?
Scott Herren: Yes, Hamza, the cloud business actually accelerated sequentially, right? So we talked about the ARR being at 21% and the number of subs going from $18,000 net adds, right? So it grew in aggregate $18,000 net adds in Q1, the $31,000 net adds in Q2. So this is actually performing quite well. You remember this is the last quarter where our year-on-year comparison cloud compared back to a quarter where we were using a lot of kind of seeding strategy, pushing out a lot of high volume, low price, BIM 360 team subs out into the marketplace. So on a year-on-year basis maybe is where you're drawing your conclusion. You look at sequentially how it's moving – it's actually moving quite nicely. And fueled by the Andrew just said that fueled mostly by the growth of BIM 360.
Hamza Fodderwala: Got it. And then on the direct business, so I understood the dynamic between the indirect business growing a bit faster, but when could we see a more material pickup there given the sales restructuring that you talked about, are there any sort of exclusive discounts that you're offering through the e-store that to incentivize customers through that channel?
Scott Herren: No, we are not. Hamza, I don't think it makes sense to do a lot of that. It's a high class problem to have when you've got the fastest growth rate in our e-store and in our enterprise sales we've had in the last two years and yet the indirect channel is growing faster. So it's not a case that the direct channel is not growing. It's growing really quickly. The indirect channel is just keeping pace at this point. Longer-term, we still believe that settles in closer to a 50-50 blend, but frankly as long as we continue to grow that direct touch space, indirect business keeps pace that that's a good problem to have.
Hamza Fodderwala: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Gal Munda with Berenberg Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thanks. This is Alex on for Gal. I just wanted to dig a little deeper in the collection upselling. I was wondering which collections do you see, selling the best and I was wondering if you could give a quick breakdown on roughly how they're split? And then secondly, just on the $2 million user base that are not currently subscribers. What is the aging profile of that pool and are you thinking about any more promos to get them to move over, how are you trying to attract them to become paying subscribers? Thanks.
Scott Herren: So Alex, on your first question we don’t actually provide that level of granularity as you'd expect AEC, which is the biggest piece of our overall business that you would expect the AEC collection to be the bigger piece of our total collection business as well. But we don't provide that that level of granularity down to the vintage of the collections. The overall good news is collections rapidly.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Scott Herren: Your second question on legacy, the 2 million legacy customers, we're making good strides on that, right. We the statistic that we gave earlier is 17,000 took advantage of the legacy promotion that we ran during Q2. Andrew also touched on this in his opening commentary. We will continue to go after advance space, continue to migrate the legacy customers. We continue to see the average of this scattergram of the licenses that they turn in, the legacy customers turn in to take advantage of the promo. We continue to see the midpoint of that bell curve to be seven years old, seven years behind the current version, which means there's a – there continues to be a pretty long tail of legacy customers out there. I think what you'll see is through is price is one reason they move. And Andrew, you can jump that on a little bit more on this as well. The older their licenses, their perpetual licenses, I remember we sold the last perpetual licenses for standalone products more than two years ago. The older it is, the more it ages out, the harder announce for them to work effectively within their ecosystem. So price is only one lever to get those guys, just with those licenses age, they will come back and need to update the licenses. So we'll continue to farm that base probably more so with an inside sales types through our direct sales to hubs as opposed to trying to just get their price discounts.
Unidentified Analyst: Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Gregg Moskowitz with Cowen & Company. Your line is now. Okay. 
Gregg Moskowitz: Okay. Thank you very much. The core ARR was strong and it was good to see some improvement in cloud subscriptions as well. But Scott, you did mention that you expect net new subs to come in at the lower end of the range for the year. Is that solely because of the headwind on net adds from the M2S consolidation in the back half of the year? And if so, when do you expect that that dynamic will significantly subside.
Scott Herren: Yes, it is mostly related to success with collections is what I would say. Obviously, when maintenance customers consolidate that that turns into a gain in ARR, as we've talked about, but a decline in the total number of active subs. We will continue to fuel that headwind through the second half of the year. The other things that will fuel though that the other part of your question, which is what's going to fuel the subs growth in the second half of the year, there's a couple of things inside there. One is we'll continue to see increased productivity from the mid-market channel that Andrew talked about. So this is a field sales team that we've put out there that's driving, direct touch with customers and that tier of customer is below named accounts and selling side by side with a partner. We just started that process the beginning of this fiscal year. So they got their accounts assigned in February 1, first ever of fiscal year. They’ve been meeting those accounts. They've been driving opportunities. They've been filling the pipeline. That business will uptick through the second half of the year. The productivity of that channel, now that’s it’s taking a longer decision will drive that. And the second is just historically new product subs are higher in the second half of the year than they are in the first half of the year. So it will drive that growth in the second half.
Gregg Moskowitz: Perfect.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, Gregg, with respect to the consolidation on the M2S side, I said last earnings call that we expect that to work its way out of the system through the second half of this year and the reason for that is very simple. The accounts that are most likely to consolidate our largest accounts. They're the ones that actually make the move from M2S earlier in the cycle. So for instance, in the U.S., the conversion rates for M2S is much higher than the average. I mean they came out of the gate fast and strong, and the largest accounts are already really moved in terms of M2S. You're starting to see that phenomenon work itself. It's way through. The European market. So you're seeing the large accounts start to take the M2S offering and move. And just like with any pattern of anything we rollout the Company, I don't care what program it is. APAC comes up to speed third in that process and it will start to see, which has we move towards the end of the year. It’s largest account start to move. So what you will see as these large accounts that moves that are most likely to consolidate will start to flush out as we move to the second half of the year or so. So watch that to happen as we move that mobile. See the headwind starts to slow down.
Gregg Moskowitz: Very helpful. Thanks guys.
Scott Herren: Thanks Gregg.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Rob Oliver with R.W. Baird. Your line is now open. 
Robert Oliver: Hey guys, thanks for taking my question, just one for Andrew to start. Andrew, I know you won't be held to a number on piracy in terms of conversions there, but you did float last quarter a little bit about some of the initiatives you guys had and I know Scott, you just touched on them as well with the mid market channel, but new sales motions, I mean product messaging, things like that. I was just wondering if you could talk about the progress of some of those conditions. 
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, it’s good. I'm glad you're allowing me to refresh what I said last quarter. There will never be this announcement of some massive non-paying user event that fundamentally changes our trajectory. But you are right, we did roll out in English speaking countries, a new program that allows us to get more information and more direct engagement with people basically using invalid license of the software. That program has been integrated with our license compliance teams and with our inside sales teams. So we're actually getting leads through that program and getting into discussions with customers. It's beginning to have an impact on the run rates and it will continue to grow. I mean, with all these programs it roll out, we start to get traction with them. We start to understand them more and they start to add more and more contribution. I think the great thing about the whole non-paying user paradigm here is that it's going to be the gift that keeps giving over multiple years. These users aren't going away. They continued to use the software. They continue to procure more valid licenses as time goes on and we're going to be continuing to reach out with them more and more as we move forward. So look forward just to continue to support the ramp ups in volume that we have built into our models over the next few years.
Robert Oliver: Great. Thanks Andrew. And Scott, I just wanted to make sure. I think you touched on it pretty clearly. But just on that – but the change to kind of the subscription contracts, if you could just repeat that, I think what you said was, people get the price freeze for three-years and then it subject to sort of a cost of living adjustment under that, just wanted to make sure I had it right? Thank you guys very much.
Scott Herren: Yes, you got it right, Rob. When we first rolled out maintenance subscription, if you remember we gave three-years worth of visibility to what the prices would be for maintenance and what the increases would look like and then what it would be to convert. And for those that converted, we offered a three-year – they didn't have to pay upfront, but they got grandfathered with that conversion price for up to three years. What we've added to that now, one of the feedbacks that we got from the channel is, okay. I want to know what's going to happen after that, right. I guess that you're going to grandfather me for three years, but I'm giving up a perpetual license that I'd spend a lot of money on and I did exactly what you asked me to do. I kept the current on maintenance for the entire time that I had it. I'm giving that up, so I want to understand some sense of what pricing is going to be longer term. And you’ve heard us say several times that there would be kind of cost of living price adjustments that go into that. What we've done is just formalized that, but after the channel that there will be kind of an every other year, 5% price increase subject to currency changes obviously, but 5% price increase, which averages out to kind of a 2.5% annual cost of living price increase every year for up to 10 years. So that's what we've done on M2S. Just to put it in writing, but we've been saying verbally and of course what's been built into our modeling for the entire time.
Andrew Anagnost: We have time for one more question.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brad Zelnick with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi [indiscernible] on for Brad. Thanks for taking the question. I just want to ask, unpack the 10-year pricing plan a little bit more, I mean has that extra assurance helps with incremental and tax conversions are all and how does that pricing compared to non-promo subscriptions beyond 2021?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So we didn't provide this clarity because of any issues we're having with M2S program. As you can see, we have very, very robust conversion rates. They're actually ahead of our original model. So we're feeling good about this. We did this communication more to ensure that our sales resources didn't have to have protractive long back and forth conversations about the implications of moving to M2S. It's an efficiency move for us and it's a visibility movement and trust movements regards to our customer base. So it's purely something that we're trying to do to look ahead to the last year and a half of the M2S program, makes sure it's highly efficient and make sure our customers basically have no questions, all right. And remember, as we look at the three-year period or it was a published price – increased true up at the end of that three-year period. All we did was given visibility to how the cost of living will play out in years after that.
Scott Herren: Beyond that.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, beyond that. Now your question about promos, are you referring to the legacy promos or…
Scott Herren: Are you asking what's the relative price of this cohort versus the people that come in to a net new sub, because if you recall, when we laid that out, it starts at about a 50% discount for this converted group versus what the price of a new product subs is. And so with these kinds of cost of living price increases, that probably takes place on both lines. They'll continue to have an advantage price for some period of time.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. And just remember as time goes on this cohort, this M2S cohort that moved from maintenance subscription. It starts to become a fairly small percentage of our total subscriber base.
Scott Herren: So with an extremely high renewal rate.
Andrew Anagnost: With an extremely high renewal rate.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. That makes sense. Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks. End of Q&A
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today's Q&A session. And I'd like to return the call to Mr. Abhey Lamba, for any closing remarks.
Abhey Lamba: Thanks everybody for joining us. This concludes our call. Please feel free to call us at 415-547-8502 if you have any questions. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2019 Q1  (2018-05-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Gennarelli - Investor Relations Andrew Anagnost - President and Chief Executive Officer Scott Herren - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Philip Winslow - Wells Fargo Securities Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Gal Munda - Berenberg Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen & Company Ken Talanian - Evercore ISI Richard Davis - Canaccord Genuity Monika Garg - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc. Zane Chrane - Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter Fiscal Year 2019 Autodesk Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] And as a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today’s conference, Mr. Dave Gennarelli, Investor Relations at Autodesk. Sir, you may begin.
David Gennarelli: Thanks, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our first quarter fiscal 2019. On the line today is Andrew Anagnost, our CEO; and Scott Herren, our CFO. Today’s conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. As noted in our press release, we have published our prepared remarks on our website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments and we will not repeat them on this call. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the anticipated future performance of the company such as our guidance for the second quarter and full-year fiscal 2019, our long-term financial model guidance, our cash flow expectations, the factors we use to estimate our guidance, including assumptions around ASC 606, our maintenance to subscription transition, ARPS, customer value, cost structure, our market opportunities and strategies, and trends for various products, geographies and industries. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time-to-time with the SEC, specifically our Form 10-K for the fiscal year 2017 and our current reports on Form 8-K, including the Form 8-K filed with today’s press release and prepared remarks. Those documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today’s call, but we will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today’s press release, prepared remarks and on the Investor Relations section of our website. We will quote a number of numeric or growth changes as we discuss our financial performance, and unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison under ASC 606. And now, I would like to turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks, Dave. Q1 was a good start to our fiscal 2019, with continued solid execution leading to strong growth in key metrics, such as ARR and ARPS. We also realized strong growth in billings, revenue, total deferred revenue and better than expected EPS resulting from lower spend in the quarter. Overall, these results keep us confident in achieving the financial targets we’ve laid out this year and beyond. There are several key areas that I want to highlight. Total annualized recurring revenue, or ARR, grew 22% under the new revenue recognition standard, ASC 606, and 25% on an apples-to-apples basis under ASC 605. Annualized revenue per subscription, or ARPS, continued to operate its upward trajectory, both year-over-year and sequentially. Recurring revenue increased to 95% of total revenue. We continue to see rapid migration of maintenance customers to subscription with the maintenance-to-subscription program, or M2S, and customers continue to engage with our solutions for reimagining construction and manufacturing. First, let’s dig into ARR a little bit more. As we’ve been highlighting since we started the transition, the Autodesk machine has been geared towards driving ARR and we continue to see great results. Subscription plan ARR more than doubled, driven by growth in all subscription plan types, but led by product subscription. We continue to drive impressive growth in product subscription ARR on both a year-over-year and sequential basis. The strength in total ARR was once again broad-based with all three major geographies showing strong growth led by APAC. Last quarter and at our recent Investor Day, we started breaking out results of our core business, which represents the combination of maintenance, product subscription and EBA subscription. While our cloud business represents all the results generated by standalone cloud offerings, it’s not surprising that core ARR grew in line with total ARR, as our core business drives the overwhelming majority of our revenue, ARR and billings growth. Our cloud ARR performed up to expectations and cloud billings remain strong, growing nearly 50%. I also want to provide you with a little more insight into our cloud business, because our pure cloud ARR and cloud subscription totals don’t tell the entire story of the success we’re having. Our cloud products have become an integral selling point for our EBA customers and usage within our EBA customer base has really taken off. For example, in Q1, just over half of the monthly active users for BIM 360 were in EBA accounts. This really validates our relevancy at the top of the general contractor market, which is where we focused initially. That success is a strong foundation to build on and we’re now leveraging it in the mid-market contractors. For example, Miron Construction, an U.S.-based construction company is deploying some of the most advanced technology available in the construction industry. They use the new BIM 360 project delivery platform to process a change to their building project that added up to 70 design documents and the potential to add almost 1 million in project costs. The 70 documents needed review by everyone in the project, which would have taken hundreds of hours to resolve to manual processes with their old digital document management software. But Miron resolve the issue in just a fraction of that time with BIM 360. The project manager also found several additional issues, which never would have been caught with their old document management tool. Now that’s real value delivered on real projects. Beyond that, as I said at our Investor Day, we expect in five years, Autodesk will have moved the building information model across the entire construction process from start to finish. BIM will become the record of everything it is happening from design to pre-fabrication to on-sites assembly into the final handover of the building to its owner. BIM will become the single source of truth across the full spectrum of design and make processes. On the manufacturing side, our cloud-based Fusion 360 is also enabling customers to bring design and make closer. Generative design is now available in the ultimate version of Fusion 360 and uses AI-based algorithms to simultaneously generate multiple valid solutions based on real-world manufacturing constraints and product performance requirements, such as strength, weight, materials and more. Some of you may have noticed that earlier this month, we announced a project with TM using our generative design technology to lightweight their vehicles and reimagine a small, but important vehicle component. The software produced more than 150 valid design options based on parameters the engineers set, which is required connection points, strength and mass. They zeroed in on a new design, that is 40% lighter and 20% stronger than the original assembly. It also demonstrated another major benefit of generative design part consolidation. The new design consolidates an assembly of eight different components into one 3D printed part. That’s the kind of game changing technology that really gets customers excited about the future of making things and Autodesk is clearly leading the way. Finally, I want to quickly comment on our net subscription adds and remind you of some of the key factors we discussed last quarter. First, the M2S driven up-sell the collections is resulting in a consolidation of subscriptions in many of our accounts. They had a higher total account value. Second, cloud subscriptions will continue to consolidate as the new packaging for BIM 360 works its way through the market. These factors are as expected and will continue to impact net subscription ads for the next couple of quarters. However, we continue to expect strong ARR growth resulting from the higher ARPS. Now, I’ll turn it over to Scott for a few more details on subscription, ARPS and other financial metrics.
Scott Herren: Thanks, Andrew. I’ll start with a closer look at subscriptions. Subscription plan subs grew by 307,000 in Q1, with growth coming in all three categories, cloud, enterprise, and product subs. As Andrew noted, net subscription additions continue to be impacted by product consolidation from the adoption of collections and the product consolidation associated with our recently launched simplified BIM 360 offerings. Collection and subscription additions increased over 30% sequentially and now make up a quarter of the base of products subs. The adoption of collection is happening through the regular run rate of new business through the renewal process, the legacy promo and the maintenance of subscription program. Again, the good news is that many of these customers are increasing their total spend with Autodesk, contributing to solid increases in ARPS and ARR. So we continue to execute well on our core strategy of driving up-sell to industry collections. Each quarter, the vast majority of the new subscription plan subs are added through traditional means. However, we continue to make progress in converting legacy users into subscribers. In Q1, the legacy promo added another 24,000 products subs and over 30% of those were collections. And we’re still finding that the average age of the licenses that occurred in with the promo are seven years behind the curve release indicating there’s still a very long tail of legacy customers to convert. There continues to be over 2 million of these legacy users that are actively using an old perpetual license without a maintenance plan. Over time, we expect to convert a large portion of these users through promotions like this, through compelling new product introductions and through traditional means as the product becomes increasingly outdated through time. Core subscriptions grew between 12% and 13% in Q1, slightly below our recent history, but was inline with our expectations. Subscription consolidations are creating a near-term headwind. But as Andrew stated earlier, core ARR still grew 25%. A consistent attribute of the transition is the new customers continue to make up a meaningful portion of product subscription additions and represented 25% of the mix for the quarter. These new customers come from a mix of market expansion, growth in emerging markets, converting unlicensed users and people who have been using an alternate design tool. Partially offsetting the growth in subscription plan, subs was the expected decline in maintenance plan subs, primarily related to the M2S program. The M2S program continues to progress faster than expected, especially in the Americas. In Q1, customers migrated 154,000 maintenance subs to product subs that brings the total M2S conversions to $0.5 million since we started the program middle of last year. The conversion rate remains strong with approximately one-third of our maintenance renewal opportunities during Q1 migrating to product subscription. Of those that migrate, over 30% of eligible subscriptions upgraded from an individual product to an industry collection. We’re now entering year two of the M2S program and we expect this to be the biggest year for M2S migrations. Effective earlier this month, for all maintenance contracts up for renewal, the price to move to subscription increases 5% and maintenance plan prices increased 10% if they choose to stay on maintenance. It’s easier to see that it makes more economic sense for our customers to migrate and product subscription provides them the greatest value with increased flexibility, support, continuous updates and access to our cloud products. The renewal rate for product subscription experienced a small increase sequentially and we expect it to continue to rise as the product mix improves. The renewal rate for maintenance was flat sequentially. Now let’s talk a little bit more about annualized revenue per subscription, or ARPS. ARPS continue to inflect up in Q1 for many of the reasons we’ve been calling out, including the growing renewal base at a higher net price to Autodesk, the increase in digital direct sales, the price increase from the M2S program and less discounting and promotional activity. Looking at an apples-to-apples comparison on ASC 605 basis, total ARPS grew 7% year-on-year and 3% sequentially to $569. While core ARPS grew a 11% year-on-year and 3% sequentially to $624. We expect total ARPS to continue to inflect up for all the reasons we laid out at Investor Day, as we progress through the transition. Our e-store continues to play a bigger part of the digital direct business and grew nearly 90%, while achieving record revenue in the quarter. In addition, our e-store generated over 20% of the product subs in Q1, and our direct business to enterprise increased by over 30%. So looking at our total business mix, total direct grew a 11% and was 29% of the Q1 mix. The growth in total direct was partially offset by some of the divestitures announced last November as part of the restructuring. Now let’s talk about billings. Since we moved to a point in the transition, where we are comparing back to a prior year that is also subscription-only sales. Billings growth has become a relevant metric again. As we noted in our last earnings call, when we reintroduced guidance for billings. To be clear, we now defined billings as reported revenue plus the change in deferred revenue. Using that definition, billings for Q1 decreased year-over-year under ASC 606, primarily due to the write-off of previously deferred revenue, but increased 12% when comparing more apples-to-apples on a 605 basis. The impact from the adoption of ASC 606 is greatest in Q1, and we’ll see diminishing impact as we move through the rest of the year. And note the deferred revenue impacts due to the adoption of 606 do not impact cash flows. Moving to spend management. Our total non-GAAP spend came in at $531 million for the quarter, leading to better than expected profitability. Driving the lower spend result was our continued focus on cost management and the hiring ramp associated with filling the new roles we created as a result of the recent restructuring. We do expect to see hiring increase as we go forward. Our intend for fiscal 2019 remains to keep non-GAAP spend flat at constant currency relative to our fiscal 2018 budget at about $2.2 billion. Looking at the balance sheet. Total deferred revenue grew 21% as reported and 24% under ASC 605. Unbilled deferred revenue increased to $412 million. I want to note that the adoption of ASC 606 also required a change to the definition of unbilled deferred revenue to include certain early renewals. We’re not breaking out the two components, but the overwhelming majority of unbilled deferred revenue still relates to the move to annual billings with our large EBA customers. Q1 operating cash flow was slightly negative expected. As we move through the year, we expect operating cash flow to turn back positive and remain there. With the significant price appreciation, our stock since the earnings report, we did not trigger the opportunistic buying within our stock repurchase program. In Q1, we bought back roughly 200,000 shares at an average price of $113.31. As always, we remain committed to managing dilution and reducing shares outstanding over time. And lastly, before we get to the business outlook, we’re pleased to have reached another milestone in the transition with the return to non-GAAP profitability. It’s important to note that with this milestone, about 3 million shares are added back into the non-GAAP diluted share count, and this has already factored into our guidance for the quarter and the year. It’s important to note that non-GAAP earnings per share under ASC 605 and Absent ASC 340, which is what requires the capitalization of commissions, would have been $0.16, a significant uptick in earnings as we continue along the transition. Now I’ll turn the discussion to our outlook and I’ll start by saying that our view of the global economic conditions remains mostly unchanged from the last few quarters with two markets performing relatively well and emerging markets showing improvement although we are watching the emerging markets closely. As you know, we launched a significant restructuring last November, which was really a rebalancing of our investment areas. This touched our entire global organization, especially around changes we made with our sales team and the move to increase our direct touch business. Overall, we’re really product of the results we achieved in Q1, and are confident that we’ll see the benefit from the changes we’ve made as we move through the year. As we look at our outlook for Q2, we expect to see sequential increases in most metrics, including billings, ARR, ARPS, revenue, spend, profitability and subscription additions. The better than expected profitability in Q1 was primarily related to not meeting our hiring projections during the quarter. We expect the hiring rev to increase in Q2, and as such, expect our sequential spend to increase more than usual. Also note that, we’re now required to capitalize commission cost and amortize them back into our operating expense versus expensing them as incurred, which we did previously. This will have the effect of leveling off our commission costs and will change our historical spend patterns throughout the year. We remain confident in our previous guidance for fiscal 2019. But want to note that we provided full-year guidance for billings under ASC 606, which we have not provided earlier. The initial impact of the adoption of ASC 606 reduced previously deferred revenue on the balance sheet and consequently reduces calculated billings. This update is not driven by a change in our underlying business and you can see there is no change to our 605 billing guidance. And again, it has no impact on cash flow or subscriptions. Operator, we’d now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Phil Winslow with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Philip Winslow: Hey, thanks, guys, for taking my question and congrats on a good start for the year. Really want to focus in on ARPS, because that upsided again this quarter versus what the Street was looking for. When I’m really zone in on things, it looks like that core number that you mentioned really drove that more than anything. Why don’t you just help us through sort of the flow of the year, because obviously, there are lots of moving parts, and Scott, I know you just said just think about ARPS subsequently. But as you think about Q2, Q3, Q4, what are the puts and takes to keep driving that ARPS up here, because obviously, some it’s mixed, some of these promotions, et cetera, maybe kind of walk us through that? And then I just have a quick follow-up?
Andrew Anagnost: Sure, Phil. The first thing – if you remember the factors that I talked about that will drive ARPS from back in our Investor Day, all those come and play and actually increasingly so throughout the year. So the first is grow renewal base, which has a higher net to us, right? We talked about – there’s a lesser channel margin and renewals and there is on net new sales. Now the renewal base gets bigger, that equates to us as a higher ARPS. We’ll sell more direct. And frankly, a lot of the changes that we put in place as a result of the rebalancing, the restructuring that we announced back at the beginning of Q4 are increasing our direct touch across the sales force. So as direct goes up, we get a higher yield out of our direct sales. The next step function in the pricing on M2S comes into play more and more as the year goes on, right? As we sell those conversions, they go into deferred revenue and they accrete out through the year. So I think it’s a little bit of a dampened effect, it doesn’t happen as sharply as it did in the past. And just ongoing less promotional activity and you’ve seen us have slightly less promotional activity, those are the trends. And so we do expect to see sequential increase in ARPS certainly next quarter and ARPS end the year at a higher point than it ends next quarter.
Philip Winslow: Got it. Awesome. And then follow-up to Andrew on your comments there about them and penetrating into the construction market. We’ve seen over the past 12 to 18 months here and as recently just think about a month ago some consolidation in the construction management software market. How do you think about Autodesk positioning in there? Where are their natural adjacencies versus things that you’d actually just partner up with people for.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So, we’ve said over and over again, we intend to go deep on the entire process. We do believe just like what’s happened in manufacturing where the model has become the record of the entire process. That’s what’s going to happen in the construction space as well. So we intend to touch every piece of that process. We’ll do some of that organically with internal development. We’ll do some of that inorganically. But we intend to touch just about every part of that process. We’ll probably stayed clear of the ERP right side of the business. But every other part of it from preconstruction all the way to field operations. We’re going to be involved. We really are.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Saket Kalia with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Saket Kalia: Hey, guys, thanks for taking my questions here. How are you?
Andrew Anagnost: Hey, Saket, good. How are you?
Saket Kalia: Good, good. Hey, first, maybe for you, Andrew, and thanks for reminding us about the collections impact on that net ad number. Typically, we would see a seasonal uptick from the EBAs we sold in Q4 that get turned on in Q1. So just to confirm, did we see that bump, but maybe that’s perhaps getting hidden by some of the collection impact and the flushing out of the BIM 360 team item that you’ve spoken? And relatedly, when do you think we see the impacts of those perhaps normalize, if that makes sense?
Andrew Anagnost: Okay. So Saket, let me try to break – address the question a little bit and then I’m going to let Scott dig in on the EBA subs a little bit, too. I’m going to just go a little high-level here. So first off, the number of – the net ads we saw is what we expected to see, right? So we’re seeing what we expect to see and I want to peel it back a little bit and then I’m going to let Scott comment a little bit more. So when you peel it back, right, we broke out core and cloud on purpose. And what you see is a very significant decline in what’s happening with the cloud subscriptions. And that’s to be expected that’s exactly what we were telegraphing to you and exactly how we modified some of the things. The other thing that you also see is in the core side, you’re seeing an ongoing continual growth of the core net ads, right? But there is a difference in how the EBAs kind of rolled in this year into the core and I’m going to let Scott comment on that real quick.
Scott Herren: Yes, Saket, and just to be super clear, I think you know this. We still added cloud subs, net added cloud subs during the quarter. We just aren’t adding with the same way we did a year ago. On the EBA business, if you remember back in Q3, we had a really strong Q3 of last year in EBAs. So what normally happens is, we sell the majority of our EBAs during Q4 and then we count those monthly active users nine days later and we get a big slug of additional EBA subs in Q1. Last year, we actually had a strong Q3 in addition to a strong Q4. So we saw – we’ve seen some of the lead back from the EBA sales already coming in, into Q4 and then slightly lesser amount as the quarter-to-quarter impact going from Q4 to Q1.
Saket Kalia: Got it. Got it, that makes sense. Maybe for my follow-up for you Scott. Just to the costs out of equation, really nice decrease in the cost of goods sold driving one of the higher gross margins that I think we’ve seen. The question is, is this coming from sort of the right-sizing of the cost structure that we’ve done last year, of course, I’m sure part of it’s related to no more perpetual sales. And how sustainable, I guess, are these levels? Just a little more color on that, that nice cost of goods sold that will be helpful?
Scott Herren: Yes, yes thanks for that question. And you’re right, it is a nice trend on gross margins. There’s a couple of things driving that. One is, as we’ve gone through and become more focused in certain areas and we went through several divestments and that has – that’s accreted some benefit into our cost of goods sold. The second is, we have also been really active with the channel taking a lot of what previously was consulting business that we had done and having – giving the intellectual property, giving the best practices for the channel and having BIM deliver a lot of that. They can do it at a higher margin frankly, that they can make on product mark up. For us, that’s a lower-margin business. So we pushed a lot of the consulting business outside of the big EBAs, where the customers really want us in there to our channel partners. It’s a win for them and it’s a win for us. And that few I think has contributed to a lot of that improving gross margin and reduced COGS.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Heather Bellini: Great. Yes, and I wanted to follow-up a little bit on Saket’s question about the collections versus the suites that you would have sold. Is there any sense to give us or any way to give us a sense of the type of – we still get a lot of questions about what that – how that might be impacting the actual sub number in the quarter? And I know it might be hard. But if there’s anyway to think about maybe the average number of products, the collections people are using versus, say, before if there is anyway to kind of have a rule of thumb? I know it wouldn’t be perfect. And then I want to – just touch on one other thing, which is in relation to piracy, which I know you guys have always kind of been focused on and trying to cut back on. But I was wondering if there was anything regarding piracy in the quarter – piracy reduction in the quarter that, that might have helped? Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost: Right. So I’ll start. There’s no real magic rule of thumb on the collections consolidation. Last quarter, we tried to give you a really nice example that kind of showed you the extreme case of what can happen in terms of the consolidation and not that what – when we talked about the engineering service company in Canada and gave you that example. So I encourage you to go back and look at that example, because that is a common scenario, it does happen. But I don’t have a rule of thumb for you with that respect. Now on your second question, but one thing I will say is, we expect the effect of consolidation to continue in kind of a consistent manner as we move forward through the next few quarters, all right?
Scott Herren: Yes, Heather, if I could just add to that. You’re familiar with that example, it was 42 – it was a company that had 42 individual products on maintenance, consolidated at the point they moved from maintenance-to-subscription consolidated down to 20 and, in fact, 19 collections in one AutoCAD subscription and in the process of – so their sub count went from 42 to 20 and the process of that their ARR went up more than 10%, right? So it’s one of the reasons why I think focusing less on subs. The subs are not relevant by any stretch. But focusing less on the sub count and more on the outcome, which is the growth of ARR is going to make sense for this quarter and then actually as we as we look ahead.
Andrew Anagnost: Just not to drive this home. Remember, the result we saw as far as the result we expected and we’re not changing our outlook for the year. So we’re seeing what we expect given all the factors we see that – in the business and the things that watch. So we’re actually feeling pretty good about the outcome right now. Now with regard to your question about piracy, I sometimes feel like everybody expects like some quarter I’m going to declare 50,000 net subscriber ads for piracy in the score. You might be waiting a long time to hear that declaration. This move with regard to how we address non-paying users in our market. It’s an ongoing process basically keeping the run rate at a relatively nice clip quarter-after-quarter after quarter well beyond even the FY 2020 goals. That’s what some of the companies that have engaged in this like Adobe and Microsoft has seen it’s been an ongoing return to the business. So we have done some new things this quarter. We rolled out the in-product messaging, the pirate in AutoCAD and we’re going to roll that out worldwide as time progresses. We’ve also let up some things in our sales force with new lead regeneration and new team. But there’s no like headline around how piracy gets added into our business. It’s going to be one of these thing that actually maintains the business as we move forward. And like I said many times before, pirates don’t declare themselves at the door. So it’s very difficult to complement the stuff.
Heather Bellini: I appreciate it. Thank you very much.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks, Heather.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Your line is now open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening. Andrew, first for you and then follow-up for Scott. So the question is, as your business has evolved over the last number of years, both in terms of technology and model and channel and so forth and externally two for that matter. How are you thinking differently if at all about the leading indicators of the business? In other words, for a long time, we were told that LT was perhaps the broadest indicator of the business if we go back far enough, let’s say, a decade, even indications that civil of all things was an indicator for the business or [indiscernible] see. So in that respect maybe you could talk about how you are thinking about leading indicators? And then the follow-up at the Analyst Meeting, Steve talked about a couple of changes you’re making with respect to the channel moving an account-based approach that you are taking from EBAs into the mid-market. And then similarly, this year you’re going from paying for actions for like activation and onboarding to next year you’re going to go to more pain for outcomes usage and adoption. So maybe you could update us on the progress you’re making in terms of those evolutions vis-à-vis the channel?
Andrew Anagnost: Okay. So Jay I’ll start with the first question. We are absolutely starting to look at leading indicators differently. I think in the past it would have been easy to pin a particular product as a leading indicator. I think the way we’re kind of framing this as we look forward, it’s really this idea of the low-end of our business, the VSB business, the chunk that comes in from what we call very small businesses. That is the indicator moving forward that we will watch as a leading indicator in terms of economic activity. Classically, that space bought LT a lot. Now because of the subscription transition, you’re actually starting to see a mix in that base around what they actually buy, because the upfront costs are lower. So instead of pinning it to a particular product what we’re doing more and more is we’re looking at that VSB segment and tracking its behavior. It just so happens that that segment is more likely to buy direct from us in the East or in any other segment. So I would actually say in terms of leading indicators although we haven’t actually institutionalized all this yet. We have more knowledge and more access to some of these leading indicators as we move fully to the subscription transition. So that’s how we’re thinking about it moving forward, Jay.
Scott Herren: And Jay on the second part of your question around the changes that Steve talked about at Investor Day, but I would say, it’s still really early days. I think that, if you peel back the strategy behind that, it is about driving more direct touch. First of all, with the mid-market account base. So field-based account level assigned salespeople below the named account here that we already have, that will be settled with the channel by the way that. So I have direct touch with outside channel partners involved. We are increasing the levels for we’ve got in our inside sales, which are going to as a direct touch play. And they talked about the formation of a new group called customer success. And the customer success team is all about driving adoption internally also through the channel and we’ve built incentives and our channel partners incentive program around driving adoption, the first-half of this year we’ll get more refined at next year. So the customer success team and the channel incentives are around adoption as opposed to just making sure that they get the sale done. So a lot of – I expect to see a lot of uptick in both our – the engagement, the direct customer engagement that we have. And I think we’ll see some of the benefits of that really begin to come into play in the second-half of this year.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you.
Scott Herren: Thanks, Jay.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Gal Munda with Berenberg. Your line is now open.
Gal Munda: Hey, thanks for taking my question. The first one is just on the – I heard about some of the changes that have been rolled out in terms of the U.S. sales, especially when we’re talking about the discounting philosophy in terms of the channel. Can you talk a bit more about that? And do you think that, that had any impact on in terms of how the net new ads played out in the quarter maybe in terms of how the channel is prepared for that? And could that take maybe a quarter or two for them to get onboard with it?
Andrew Anagnost: So first off, I just want to make sure I clarify what you’re asking about, Gal. We do some margin changes in the U.S. specifically related to AutoCAD LT and AutoCAD that had absolutely no impact on the volume in the U.S. markets whatsoever. It certainly is accretive to our total realization of the business, because of the new idea pushes more business to the e-store and actually allows us to make more on LT had absolutely no impact on volume at all. And these changes are going to be captivating through Europe and APAC this quarter and into the next quarter. And we don’t – we simply do not expect any impact on volumes.
Gal Munda: So that should impact – so that should actually be beneficial to that price realization?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, we expect the outcome here to be beneficial in terms of price realization.
Scott Herren: On the LT piece. And frankly, part of the goal there too is to focus channel and selling the higher-value products, right? I think one of the places the channel can add the most value is moving upstream either to the – one AutoCAD or up in the collections.
Gal Munda: Okay, perfect. And can we just talk a bit about the cloud and ARPS and how maybe just the comment on the churn on the core churn on the cloud what you talk, you obviously don’t disclose that directly. But just in terms of the trends now if you’re being slightly on one side basically saying, you’re being slightly more cautious about the pricing, I’m not trying to support that. On the other side, we’re still seeing ARPS trending down in cloud. So how can we reconcile those data points maybe if you can just help us understand that would be very helpful?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, so there’s kind of two effects. So there’s actually three effects here in many respect. So the first effect is, as we told you previously, we’ve rotated away from some of these really low-end down-market type ARPS that I mean application that we were selling BIM 360 team application. They’ve rolled up into the consolidated suite. Those continue to churn out of the run rate. And that’s fully expected. We actually expect that we’re not we’re not chasing those, okay. The other thing is, in terms of the new pass we sell lots of user packs. So, a company might set by a 1,000-user pack into their project space that that number of users obviously starts to go over the ARPS over time. However, it’s really good for the business, because basically what they’re doing is they’re buying future capacity. So, they’re buying and expanding into our bucket with what they’re purchasing. In another respect too, especially on the ARR side. The ARR side for cloud right now doesn’t actually reflect a full ARR impact of say BIM 360 right now, because so much of it is contained within the EBAs that’s one of the reasons why I made that point about 50% of the monthly active use coming from EBA customers for BIM 360. That ARR sits in the enterprise ARR and not in the cloud ARR and that has – that also has an impact on how these numbers roll out. I think one of the things that you did in terms of looking at this in the short-term. Remember the core is going to drive the big ARR outcomes over the next 18 to 24 months. So, we want to pay a little bit attention, more attention to that. And these trends that we’re talking about would settle up. Scott you want to add anything.
Scott Herren: Nothing so.
Gal Munda: Perfect. Thank you.
Scott Herren: Thanks, Gal.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Gregg Moskowitz with Cowen. Your line is now open.
Gregg Moskowitz: Okay thank you very much. Scott, ARR were certainly strong as you point to but it was a little surprising that he made it into plan ARPS declined by $24 sequentially. And I just want to clarify a comment from your prepared remarks, would you say that the decline there was entirely due to the linearity of the M2S sign of activity?
Scott Herren: Yes, it’s not entirely them Gregg, but it is largely based on not just the linearity just based on M2S. There is a 605 to 606 impact in maintenance as well. So, as we implemented 606 at the beginning of this quarter we wrote off a fair amount of previously deferred revenue. Some of that hit the maintenance line and of course that then becomes headwind on ARPS.
Gregg Moskowitz: Got it. And then Andrew you hear that example I believe of Myron construction and that was helpful, but when you look out at the construction vertical. When do you expect that your enhanced focus on the mid-market will begin to really show up in the numbers?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, well I think what you’ll start to see is, we start to penetrate the mid-market you’re seeing more and more of these pack start to get sold. And I think that’s the pack absolutely target the mid market. So, I don’t I’m not going to give you a specific timeline in terms of when you’ll start to see more robust growth in the mid-markets, but what I can say is our focus has been the top of the pyramid for almost the entire existence of BIM 360. And it’s only now that we’re starting to move deeper into the mid-market and these early successes, frankly driven by some of the successes we’ve had up market are indicative of what I expect you’ll see over the next few quarters as we start to penetrate the mid-market more and more.
Gregg Moskowitz: Great. Thank you.
Scott Herren: Thanks, Gregg.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ken Talanian with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Ken Talanian: Thanks for taking the question. Could you give us a sense for the blended maintenance price increase you realized in a quarter and then some of the moving pieces we should consider around maintenance ARR for the remainder of the year?
Scott Herren: Yes, it’s hard to do that on a blended level Ken, I mean you can see the ARPS and you can calculate the ARPS, and we do provide you the details to be able to sort out the 605 impact, as well as the M2S impacts. So, you can see it in aggregate. I’d say on an apples-to- apples same maintenance before to say maintenance after it’s really just the 5% price increase up until the beginning of this quarter that was put in place as part of the M2S program. And as you know beginning of this quarter that maintenance price went up apples-to-apples 10%. So, it’s – you the blending shows up in the ARPS. And I think when you dig through the prepared remarks you’ll see enough detail to be able to peel out the effects of both 606 and M2S.
Ken Talanian: Okay. And could you talk about the uptake you saw in multi-year product subscriptions in the quarter. And your expectations for the remainder of the year?
Scott Herren: Yes, we’re not doing anything right now Ken to incent multi-year product subs as it’s back to part of the presentation that I gave at Investor Day. Now, we are seeing some multi-year activity in that. We really haven’t done anything to incentivize it. So it’s not – it’s kind of turning a lot of that double-digit rate that have been. I do expect to see that pick up later this year and into next year, but we’re not – at this point, we’re not doing anything to really encourage that.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Richard Davis with Canaccord. Your line is now open.
Richard Davis: Thanks. I’ll change it up from a model building question to a product question. Look, we talked to some of your customers and they agreed that this kind of generative design stuff is a big improvement over like what used to be called the topological optimization. So basically, the question is, should we think of this generative functionality as an incremental to ARPS, increment to customer counts, reduce churn, all three, or – and then I would assume that it would take probably a year or two before we kind of get any kind of measurable ramp in financials, just that would be helpful? Thanks.
Andrew Anagnost: Well, Richard, that is definitely not a boring question. So look, I don’t want to dilute the part of the answer. But the – almost all of the above are true in some respects.
Richard Davis: Okay.
Andrew Anagnost: So, for instance, some of what you’re seeing with our Fusion Ultimate roll out of the generative capability is included in the ultimate subscription, but buried inside the ultimate subscription is a allocation of consumption that’s built into subscription. So there’s an amount of consumption that is available to the user. Once that consumption is burned down if like, for instance, if they were a massive generative user and they just kept generating designs over and over again. They’re going to have to reload that consumption outside of their normal subscription. That kind of blending that, that you saw in Fusion Ultimate, that’s the way you’re going to see some of these things roll out into our business. There will be some level access to generative capabilities, because remember the – this is a – this is an AI driven supercomputing type application delivered to the customer, because we can do it with a low price of compute from the cloud. So we’re going to blend some of it in. So it will be accretive in subscriptions in terms of the fact that it just redefines us in the market and it makes us more competitive. And you can see we’re already seeing some of the impacts of that, the positive impact, and then you’ll see also people will be buying more consumption in the future if they buy more outcomes from the generative results. So it’s kind of all three, but I hope that gives you a little bit more color on why it’s sort of all three.
Richard Davis: That’s helpful. Thank you very much.
Andrew Anagnost: Hopefully, that would help.
Richard Davis: That was great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Monika Garg with KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Monika Garg: Hi, thanks for taking my question. The first question on the ARR side, under ASC 606, you posted 22% ARR growth, target is 29% at the midpoint. So to achieve that it seems ARPS for the next three quarters will have to ramp significantly now, of course, I’m comparing 605 with 606, because last year we have only 605 numbers. So ARPS is 5% year-over-year in Q1, it seems like they will have to ramp to like low teens by the end of the year. So maybe could you talk about factors that it could lead to the ramp in AutoCAD.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Monika, first of all, I think the way you need to think about the growth in Q1 is really back – to make it apples-to-apples back to the 605, which is – which was 25% in Q1, and it’s a – it’s – honestly, it’s a great result. Looking ahead, it’s not ARPS, that’s going to grow, right? We’ve talked about what the subscription count looks like. We’ve got – there’s some improving ARPS for all the reasons that we’ve talked about, but we also have sub count going up. But it’s the combination of both of those that drives the ARR growth out through the end of the year. So separate the one-time effect, and by the way, the effect of 606 is greatest in Q1. If you noticed, that’s why in the prepared remarks, we try to give you both sets of numbers, so you can trend it out. But it was almost the 40 – a little bit more than a $40 million hit to ARPS just driven by the implementation of 606 in Q1. That diminishes out through the year. So there’s a little bit of a – of an exaggerated effect in Q1 just driven by the one-time write-down of the deferred revenue caused by 606.
Monika Garg: Got it. Thanks, helpful. And then just strong growth in all the geographies, but revenue growth was kind of lowest in Americas compared with other geo is 13% in Americas there greater than 20% in all other geographies. Maybe could you kind of walk through the reasons? Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost: Well, so Americas saw double-digit growth. So we saw a very strong number in the Americas. So I don’t really look at it as weaker growth. I think, one of the things that you need to understand about the Americas is, they’re way ahead on the M2S program relative to other geographies. Other geographies are just starting to ramp up on the M2S program and in some respects, we’re even behind in a subscription transition. So, Americas is where it should be at this point in the cycle. And I think it was a really great result for the Americas. You want to add anything, Scott?
Scott Herren: No, I think you said it right. The only other small thing I would point to is, Americas has been one of the toughest compare point year-on-year. They have the strongest Q1 last year. So that’s a little bit of a factor, but 11% growth even with 606 and 13% growth on an apples-to-apples basis is pretty good growth.
Monika Garg: Got it. Thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Zane Chrane with Bernstein Research. Your line is now open.
Zane Chrane: Hi, gentlemen, thanks for taking my question. It seems like the subscription transition in the business small change is solidly on track. But I want to dive a little bit more into the second pillar of your five-year strategy via the company’s efforts to their own internal digital transformation. Could you give us an update on how that’s going? And you talked about AVA the Autodesk Virtual Assistance at your Analyst Day and highlighted that. Aside from that example, could you maybe give a couple of other examples of initiatives that you’re working on as part of that second pillar? And then lastly, it seems like there’s probably a multi-year efforts. I’m wondering how we should think about the timing in which we would start to see maybe cost reduction or operating leverage or incremental revenue opportunities created by this internal digitization effort? Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost: Okay. So let me give you some color on some of the things we’re working on with regard to digitization. So first off, we’ve actually rolled out the AVAs capabilities in other areas of support to our customers. So we continue to evolve that capability simply to make it easier. The satisfaction levels and capability are pretty high, because it just solves the problem very quickly. AVA is very good at some of these things. The other area we’re – that we’re looking at is, what we like to call the administrator or CAD manager persona. I think administrator is probably a better word. This is the person that has to actually manage all the assets somebody owns from Autodesk and make sure the right user gets the right access to the right kind of capabilities. What we’re doing is, we’re doing a set of ongoing capability dumps, very much targeted at this particular buyer and our customers are going to find it fairly liberating capability as it matures over the next few quarters, because it just allow them to understand what they’re using, who’s using what and actually respond more quickly and self-service ways to, hey, add a seat, do some of these things. So you’ll start to see incremental kind of direct-to-customer engagement when some of these capability matures. In the second-half of the year, we’ll actually start doing some major cut overs as we start removing all of our orders that come into system into our new back-office, which actually is what powered our e-store, which has a much more robot, simple, seamless, manageable experience than what they get through our current partner system. So the partner orders are going to start coming through that same system as we move into the end of this year and into the beginning of next year. All these things are actually pretty big, heavy-lifting projects, but they make a big difference in terms of what the customer is able to do on their own, including our ability to recommend things to them. The other thing we’re doing on the digital back-end is, we’re providing simpler front ends and more intelligence to our inside sales teams. So our inside sales teams are now able to see more about what’s going on with the customer and actually take actions quicker in terms of satisfying the customer in the moment. That’s already starting to pay real dividends to the company in terms of renewal activities, in terms of our ability to up-sell and cross-sell an account and actually in terms of our ability to help people move from maintenance-to-subscription when they call in and work with some of our insight teams. We’re seeing those benefits right now. Those are going to continue to ramp up throughout the year. But you also see more benefits next year with customers simply up-sell and cross-sell themselves, because we’re going to start recommending things to them over their account management tool. So that gives you a little bit insight into some of those things and some of the potential upside benefits that we’re going to start to see from there.
Zane Chrane: And it’s perfect that’s really helpful. And just really quickly, I wanted to verify that it is the correct assumption that we should only expect ARR rather than subs and ARPS starting in fiscal 2020, is that correct?
Andrew Anagnost: Well, we haven’t formalized that, Zane, but that’s certainly where I think we need to get through. I think there has been a outside focus externally on subs. What we’re really trying to drive is, of course, ARR and cash flow. And the way you get there, I’m not saying subs are relevant, they’re not. Subs are important, we’ll obviously continue to track that. But I think like we’ve seen others who have gone through this transition get to a point where focusing just on the subs count as opposed to focusing on the outcome and the result is distracting and I think we are probably pressing that point as well, and so it’s entirely possible that when we get the next year we will stop talking about subs externally, perhaps just the once a year update at Investor Day as opposed to the focus we put on in each of our calls.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. You line is now open.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, thanks for taking the question. This is Shankar on for Kash. Just on the legacy users you’ve mentioned that some of them upgraded to collections. Can you comment on what they were using before and have you kind of tracked the usage trends as they upgrade to collection, like what do they use after they upgrade to collections?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, Shankar, what we are a seeing is a pretty significant uptake as we talked about more than 30% that are moving from a single product to collections. Once they make that shift, of course they have access to anything that is in the collection. So, what they are actually using is much more dependent on the persona, on the person and on market they are on. I am not sure there is good rule of thump for you to go by on that. I think the underlying theme though that is driving that is we’ve put a lot of focus on making those collections simple to consume, easier to select which one they want, easier to sell, and frankly a price point that is attractive both for us and driving up our ARPS before our customers and getting greater value, and we are seeing great success with that.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it. And then just a question on the BIM side, can you comment on the competitions which you seeing, especially from Pro 4 and can I compare, the strategy you have is to provide the end-to-end solution, but from a customer perspective is what your competition providing is that sufficient or do they kind of, in a wait and see mode on what you are doing and when they expect to get on to your platform. Just want to understand on that front?
Scott Herren: By the way Pro 4 is a great competitor. I think they have a great product and I think they have shown early success in the mid-market. We compete with them all the time in the high-end of the market. We’re much more successful there and I expect that to continue. Long term it is not so much who the competitors are in the ecosystem. I want to take this back to what is actually going to happen over the next five years. The big driver here is the move of the BIM data through the entire process. That’s what’s going to happen. What you’ve seen over time in the manufacturing space is, the companies that we’re providing access to the models ultimately owned the end-to-end process in terms of the optimization in the software to digitize that process. This is going to happen as well in the construction space. The long-term trend is the building information model, is the communication vehicle that passes through the various stage of the construction process. We’re very much focused on that long-term outcome and the reason you’re starting to see us consolidate our position more and more in the larger accounts and start to move mid-market is people are actually trying to use our tools to do the now problem. But they see that we are also focused on the then problem, the future problem, and that’s really more of a dynamic we’re paying attention to. We have some great competitors in this space. Love competing with them. They make us all better, but the long game swings in our favor.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Sterling Auty: Thanks. Hi guys. I was just curious. How much of the maintenance to subscription conversions are taking place through direct sales versus the e-store versus the channel?
Andrew Anagnost: Well Sterling, the short answer is, I don’t know. Well it is not available on the e-store at this point. I think we’re just enabling that either this quarter or next. So, it’s all happening either direct or through the channel, but I don’t actually have that split in my fingertips.
Sterling Auty: Okay. And then just quick follow-up. I wasn’t clear you mentioned the promotional activity a couple of times. How should we think about the impact, go back a couple of quarters, talked about the renewals from that early promotional activity and what it did to the net additions. What was the impact this quarter from that phenomena?
Andrew Anagnost: Well most of those early promos, if you are a member were multi-year. Right. So, the – if you’re talking about the legacy promos that we ran, is that what you are referring to, where we went after legacy customers with a discounted price if they turned in an old perpetual license?
Sterling Auty: Well not only that but I think there is the cloud promos as well in terms of where you are bundling in some of the cloud seats.
Andrew Anagnost: Got it. So, let’s take them in two cases because it is two different things. On the legacy promos, for the first two years that we ran those promos, ran them twice a year for the first two years and in each case the discount was tied to, A, the customer forfeiting their perpetual license, and buying a sub; B, for those first few years it was a multi-year buy. They paid for three years upfront. So, none of them have come up for renewal at this point, but the last two times we ran we did give them the option of a single year and we haven’t seen any of those come up for renewal at this point. On the cloud side, it is a different answer, right? This was the shift that we talked about back in November when we were announcing our Q3 of last year results and we really moved away from very deep promotions as I called it seeding promotions where we really pushed a lot of low cost cloud subs out into the market with the goal of seeing, which ones that would land and with the understanding that many of them would not be put into use and if they were put into use they wouldn’t be renewed that headwind we still deal with, right. We did that, we ran through those seeding programs. We continued with that seeding program strategy in both Q1 and Q2 of last year. So, that’s a headwind that we’re feeling right now as many of those come due and if they didn’t they weren’t being adopted, they’re not being used. So, that’s part of why you see the cloud we’re still adding net subs to our cloud business. But you see those cloud net adds coming down.
Operator: Thank you. And our last question comes from the line of Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open.
Matthew Hedberg: Hey, thank guys. Thanks for the question. I guess as a follow-up to the question on collections a couple questions ago here, you are clearly having success there providing a lot of value. And I guess I’m wondering can you help us think about customer satisfaction when they move to a collection. And I guess in the context of thinking about maintaining renewal rates on some of these collections come up for renewal and likely price points move higher. Is it function of continuing to provide additional value, I’m sure you want to just need kind of your high-level thoughts there?
Andrew Anagnost: And so first of let me correct a misstatement you made that the price points don’t go up. When they move to collections as part of M2S they’re actually capturing a highly advantaged price. But they’re actually paying more at that moment of move, all right. So, let’s be very clear here. When the renewal comes up, they’re paying the same price that they paid when they move to M2S, super important. There’s no price increase clip that they’re going to see. Now, if you’re talking about at the end of the M2S program when they – their three-year period runs out and they do see that price increase Well one that’s a couple years out. There’s a couple of things that we’re doing to ensure satisfaction. First off, our experience in suites shows that if a customer uses two application they’re highly satisfied with what they get from these aggregated applications. It’s really just to two applications that drive satisfaction. We’ve actually stood up a whole new team inside our sales organization that the customers success organization and its mission is to help customers extract value from some of these higher end offerings that we’ve deployed into the market. So, they’re spending a lot of energy helping customers understand what they own, how they can use the products together. And what return they get from using the products together. So, I think we’ve got a real focus on this and history says from our suites experience that these are very, very sticky offerings. Do you want to add something?
Scott Herren: No, the only other point I’d make on collections and customer sat as we do see the highest renewal rates of all of our product subs on the collections.
Matthew Hedberg: That’s super helpful and that that’s exactly what I was going to trying to get at, not necessarily these initial price increases, but not more so upon looking two to three years up, but I think that’s a great way to think about it. And I think it’s a super helpful…
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, they’re very sticky. The suites were very sticky, the collections were very sticky that has been something we’ve seen consistently.
Matthew Hedberg: Okay. Thanks, well done guys. Thanks.
Scott Herren: Thanks, Matt.
Operator: Thank you. And that does conclude today’s Q&A session. And I’d like to return the call to Mr. Dave Gennarelli for any closing remarks.
David Gennarelli: That does conclude our call. If you have any follow-up questions you can reach me at 415-507-6033. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for participating in today’s conference. This does conclude the program. And you may all disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2018 Q4  (2018-03-06 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Dave Gennarelli - IR Andrew Anagnost - CEO Scott Herren - CFO
Analysts: Philip Winslow - Wells Fargo Saket Kalia - Barclays Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Zane Chrane - Bernstein Research Michael Nemeroff - Credit Suisse Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Ken Talanian - Evercore ISI Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Monika Garg - KeyBanc Steve Koning - Wedbush
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Q4 Fiscal 2018 Autodesk, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Following management’s prepared remarks, we will host our question-and-answer session and our instructions will be given at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference call may be recorded. It is now my pleasure to hand the conference over to Mr. Dave Gennarelli, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
Dave Gennarelli: Thanks, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our fourth quarter and full-year fiscal year 2018. On the line is Andrew Anagnost, our CEO; and Scott Herren, our CFO. Today’s conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. As noted in our press release, we have published our prepared remarks on our website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments and we will not repeat them on this call. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the anticipated future performance of the Company such as our guidance for the first quarter and full-year fiscal 2019, our long-term financial model guidance, the factors we use to estimate our guidance including assumptions regarding ASC 606, and tax reform, our maintenance to subscription transition, our customer value, cost structure, and market opportunities and strategies, and trends for various products, geographies and industries. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time-to-time with the SEC, specifically our Form 10-K for the fiscal year 2017, our Form 10-Q for the periods ending April 30, July 31, and October 31, 2017 and our current reports on Form 8-K, including the Form 8-K filed with today’s press release and prepared remarks. Those documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today’s call, but we will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today’s press release, prepared remarks and on the Investor Relations section of our website. We will quote a number of numeric or growth changes as we discuss our financial performance, and unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. And now, I would like to turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks, Dave. Q4 was another milestone quarter for our subscription transition. Key to the quarter was the strong growth in both ARR and ARPS even as subscription additions fell below expectations. We finished the year with better than expected performance on many of the traditional financial metrics, such as revenue, deferred revenue, EPS and cash flow, all of which are becoming more relevant again as we pass the inflection point on our business model transition. Overall, these results bolster our belief in our ability to achieve our fiscal ‘20 goals around ARR and free cash flow. There are several key outcomes of Q4 that I want to highlight. Total annualized recurring revenue or ARR grew 25% in subscription plan ARR more than doubled again. Both ARR and subscriptions for subscription plan are now greater than the ARR and subscription base for maintenance, which is a significant milestone and in line with our projections when we began the transition. Annualized revenue per subscription or ARPS inflected up in Q4, also in line with our projections. Recurring revenue has increased to 93% of total revenue, and we continue to the see faster than expected migration of maintenance customers and subscription with the maintenance-to-subscription program for M2S. Beyond that, we remain enthusiastic about our long-term market expansion initiatives in both manufacturing and construction, as we continue to introduce new technology that brings design and make closer and together, and drives the convergence of manufacturing and construction. Now, I know you want to hear what’s going on with sub adds, and I will get to that. But, let’s first start by talking about ARR. The continued positive trends we’re seeing in ARR are clear signals that the transition is working. I’ll stress once again that ARR is the most important metric when evaluating the health of the business at this stage of the transition. The strength in total ARR was broad-based with all three major geographies growing ARR at 20% or more. Subscription plan ARR more than doubled, driven by growth in all subscription plan types but led by product subscription. We continue to drive tremendous growth in product subscription ARR on both the year-over-year and sequential basis. Now, let’s talk about subscription additions. To provide you more insight into the subscription dynamics, we need to break out core and cloud subscriptions. To be more explicit, the core business represents the combination of maintenance, product subscription and EBA subscriptions, while the cloud business represents all the results generated by standalone cloud offerings. When you break these two views out, our core business which drives the overwhelming majority of our revenue, ARR and billings growth is performing quite well. Our cloud business performed up to our reset expectations for the quarter. We added 45,000 cloud subscriptions in Q4 which represented nearly 50% decrease against the tough compare to Q4 last year, when we ran a seeding program for a competent of BIM 360. However, from a billings perspective, cloud had biggest quarter ever, fueled by several large wins, including six week top ranked construction companies. We see continued momentum in terms of customers moving to higher value products, BIM 360 Docs and Field. We remain very enthusiastic about the opportunity with our cloud products but keep in mind that the cloud is still a small contributor to our overall business. ARR for standalone cloud grew 23% in Q4 but contributed less than a $100 million of our total $2.05 billion in ARR. So, while cloud will not be a major driver of our FY20 performance, we remain confident, it will be a major component of our business in the years beyond FY20. This brings us to the question, why did the net sub additions fall short for the quarter? The answer is that we experienced greater than expected subscription consolidation as customers are reducing their total subscriptions in favor of collections. We’re seeing this reflected in the general adoption of collections with a mix of collections within the product subscription base more than doubled year-over-year, and now represents over 20% of the product subscription base. The good news is that most of these customers are increasing their total spend with Autodesk, contributing to solid increases in ARPS and ARR. So, our core strategy of driving upsell to industry collections is working better than we anticipated. We’re also seeing the impact of collections up selling with both regular renewals and with customers participating in the M2S program. And the upsell effect related to M2S is happening across all geographies. To give you an idea of how this works, I’ll give you a real example of the Canadian engineering firm and their M2S transaction from Q4. They had 42 maintenance subscriptions up for renewals, 20 AutoCADs, 21 Navisworks and one Premium Suite. They migrated to 19 subscriptions of the AEC collection and one AutoCAD subscription, a net reduction of over half their seats. However, the account value for this customer increased by over 10%. This happens enough times and you get a depressive impact on our net sub adds, as a result of collections upsell, but a pronounced increase in overall ARR. So, that should help you understand what’s happening. This is a positive outcome for ARR and ARPS, but it negatively impacts our net sub adds. Beyond that, we believe this issue will work itself out over the course of the year as most of our largest customers complete their maintenance to subscription migration. Despite the impact from collections upsell, sub adds in our core business increased 14% year-over-year and accelerated from the prior three quarters, led by a record number of product subscription additions. Even when normalizing for M2S, the base of product subscriptions nearly doubled year-over-year, and EBA sub additions increased over 30% fueled by the strong Q3 EBA deal activity. The core business drove more than $1.9 billion of our total ARR in Q4, and grew more than 25%. Another consistent attribute of the transition is that new customers continue to make up a meaningful portion of product subscription additions and represented close to 30% of the mix for the quarter. These new customers come from a mix of market expansion, growth in emerging markets, converting unlicensed users and people who have been using an alternative design tool. We will go into much greater sub results and modeling details at our Investor Day in a few weeks. But there wasn’t anything in these numbers that alters our conviction in our ability to drive ARR and cash flow. Now, I’ll turn it over to Scott for a few more details on the M2S program, ARPS, and other financials. Scott?
Scott Herren: Thanks, Andrew. Subscription plan subs grew by a record 371,000 during Q4 with growth in net subscriptions coming in all three categories, cloud, enterprise and product subscriptions. Partially offsetting the growth in subscription plan subs was the expected decline in maintenance plan subs, primarily related to the M2S program. M2S program continues to progress faster than expected, especially in the Americas. In Q4, customers migrated a 168,000 maintenance subs to product subs. Similar to last quarter, approximately one-third of our maintenance renewal opportunities during Q4 migrated to product subscription. Those [ph] who migrated over a third of eligible subscriptions, upgraded from an individual product to an industry collection, which is the highest upgrade rate we’ve seen yet and relates to the collections upsell effect that Andrew just spoke about. The renewal rate for maintenance customers held steady in Q4. However, remember that Q4 has the biggest pool of maintenance plan renewal opportunities, and consequently the decline in maintenance subs is always greatest in Q4. We’re very pleased with the M2S program to-date and we’ll continue to encourage maintenance customers to move sooner rather than later. We expect fiscal ‘19 to be the biggest year for M2S migrations. It makes more economic sense for our customers as the cost of staying on maintenance will be higher than the cost to migrate. And product subscription provides them the greatest value with increased flexibility, support and access to our five products. Now, let’s talk a little bit more about annualized revenue per subscription or ARPS. This is the anticipated quarter where we saw ARPS inflect up for all the reasons we’ve been calling out including improvements to the product mix and the geo mix and the base of our product subs, the price increase for the M2S program, less discounting and promotional activity and selling more direct to our customers through our e-store. Collections upsell is having a positive impact on ARPS. Our total ARPS grew 5% year over year and 4% sequentially. Breaking it down, maintenance plan ARPS continues to grow as expected, driven by mix and the annual price increases we rolled out as part of the M2S program. Product subscription plan ARPS showed a 6% sequential growth. If we exclude the effect of M2S, the product subscription ARPS grew 8% sequentially, had its fifth consecutive quarter of sequential growth and grew 20% year on year. That meaningful growth in ARPS was the largest component of our core business Further if we isolate on our core business which again is maintenance plus product subs plus EBA subs, core ARPS grew 10% year on year and 5% sequentially. These are the ARPS trends we’ve been predicting since the start of the transition, and I know have been a source of question for many of you. Looking at our business mix. Once again, total direct was 30% of the Q4 mix. One of the key investment areas for Autodesk has been our digital infrastructure with the goal of making it easier for our customers who choose to do business directly with Autodesk. Our e-store is a big part of that and we’re very pleased that we’ve already grown that channel to nearly a $100 million in fiscal 2018 revenue. In addition, our e-store generated approximately 20% of the product sub sales in Q4 and close to 50% of LT subs in the Americas came through the e-store in Q4. That’s tremendous progress in the short amount of time, and we expect to see this continue to grow. The biggest component of our direct mix is still the business we do with large enterprise customers. Q4 is always our biggest quarter for large deal activity and we signed a record number of $1-million-plus deals in Q4, over 70 of them, including 14 contracts valued at $5 million or more. Most of these large deals were EBAs. And on average the contract value for EBA renewals increased over 40% compared to the original EBA contract value. For those of you who might not be as familiar with the history of Autodesk, these large deals stats are quite remarkable, even compared to just 5 or 10 years ago. For our product innovation and forward thinking, Autodesk has evolved to become a trusted partner and thought leader with our customers. Many are now coming to us, seeking our guidance on how to prepare for the confluence of design and make, which is already happening in certain industries. Moving to spend management. We continued to be able to execute well while keeping spend flat on a constant currency basis for both Q4 and fiscal 2018. The restructuring action we initiated last quarter is allowing us to reallocate our spend to increase investment in areas that drive long-term value while reducing spend and making targeted divestments in other areas. We also remained committed to keeping fiscal 2019 non-GAAP spend flat at a constant currency relative to our fiscal 2018 budget at about $2.2 billion. Looking at the balance sheet, reported deferred revenue grew 9%. At the same time, unbilled deferred revenue increased by $178 million sequentially, bringing total unbilled deferred revenue to $326 million, as a reminder, this completes the first full-year of moving our enterprise customers to annual billing terms. If we consider total deferred revenue as reported deferred plus unbilled deferred which is a fair comparison for last year, deferred revenue grew more than 25%. Since most of our enterprise customers are on three-year contracts, an entirely new group of enterprise customers will come up for renewal this year and next year. So, the amount of unbilled deferred revenue will continue to grow meaningfully. Q4 cash flow was stronger than expected, driven by good billings linearity in the quarter. The strength of the Q4 cash flow allowed us to finish the year just in the black, [ph ]which is also better than expected. When it comes to capital allocation, our stock repurchase program continues to be primary use of cash and we opportunistically accelerated that program in Q4, buying back roughly 2.4 million shares. At our last investor day, I indicated that we would use the majority of the $1.7 billion cash balance we had available at that time for stock repurchases. Since then, we spent over $900 million on share buybacks. In fact over the past few years, we’ve reduced our absolute share count by close to 3% and we remain committed for managing dilution and reducing shares outstanding over time. Before getting into our outlook, I want to touch on two high profile items that are impacting every company, tax reform and ASC 606. With the start of the new fiscal year, we’ve adopted the new revenue accounting standard, ASC 606 and we will be applying the modified retrospective transition method. The new standard will not result in the change in timing at amount of the recognition of revenue for the majority of our product subscription offerings and enterprise agreements. In fiscal ‘19, the estimated impact will be a net reduction to revenue and EPS of approximately $40 million and $0.15, respectively compared to what would have been recognized under ASC 605 and a reduction of approximately $20 million in ARR. We will be required to capitalize and amortize sales commissions under the new standard. While we do not expect a significant impact on reported expenses for the full year, the timing of when we recognize the deferred commissions by quarter will vary be compared to historic seasonality. 606 impacts are greatest in Q1 and then dampen as we move through the year and become nominal by fiscal ‘20 and of course none of the 606 impacts to the cash flow. Regarding the impact from tax reform, saying it complex may be understatement. And clarifications from the IRS seem to come out daily. But we have enough information to provide the following. All-in-all, U.S tax reform is good for Autodesk whereby the lower U.S tax rate and the ability to access foreign cash in the future will increase our profitability and help us manage capital more efficiently. We will utilize our deferred tax assets to offset the cash costs of the one-time transition tax. We’re still analyzing the full impact of tax reform but we currently estimate our fiscal ‘19 non-GAAP effective tax rate at 19%. For fiscal ‘20 and beyond, we estimate our non-GAAP effective tax rate to be between 17% and 18%. Now, I’ll turn the discussion to our outlook, and I’ll start by saying that our view of the global economic conditions remains unchanged from the last few quarters with most of the mature markets performing relatively well and little change in the emerging markets. We’re providing guidance this quarter under both ASC 605 for comparison to our historic financials and 606. I would expect the Street to model us using the 606 numbers. We recognized as we introduced guidance for fiscal 2019, you will be able to fill in the blanks for several fiscal ‘20 metrics based on our stated fiscal ‘20 goals. As Andrew said at the top of the call, we are confident in our ability to achieve our important goals around ARR and free cash flow. As we head into the growth phase of the model transition, we’re bringing back annual guidance on billings, defined as reported revenues plus the change in deferred revenues, which should be helpful for modeling our cash flow. I’ll note that while we expect billings to increase by approximately 26% at the midpoint for the full-year, billings growth in Q1 will be much more modest due to a tough compare against strong billings in Q1 last year. Another thing to keep in mind as we model out free cash flow is it there’re couple of one-time impacts to fiscal ‘19 cash flow that total about $130 million. These pertaining to charges for the restructuring and the exit tax from moving our European operations center from Switzerland to Dublin, Ireland. These one-time items together with the strength of our Q4 cash flows will have an impact on the strength of cash flow for Q1, which is likely to be negative. As we emerge from the inflection in our business model transition, cash flow ramps up quickly through fiscal ‘20. Significant part of the ramp is driven by the increase in billings, primarily from what will be a much larger renewal base of product subs and multi-year subscriptions returning to the historic levels we used to see with maintenance. In addition, in fiscal ‘20, we’ll then have two years worth of unbilled deferred revenue flowing into billings, following our transition to annual billings for enterprise customers. The underlying positive trends in our business give us confidence in accelerating ARR growth to approximately 30% for fiscal ‘19. This growth will be driven by fewer subscriptions and higher ARPS which reflects the trends we’re seeing with both our cloud products and collections upsell. As such, we’ve revised our outlook for subscription additions for the year. As Andrew mentioned, our next Investor Day event is just about three weeks from today. We’ll use that opportunity to do another deep dive on the model and provide more details on the recent numbers and the path ahead. We’ll also go into greater on subs and ARPs model that get us to the fiscal ‘20 goals and we’ll revisit our five-year model. Now, I’ll turn the call back over to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks, Scott. I’ll reiterate what Scott just said and assure you that we are confident in our ability to accelerate ARR growth to achieve our fiscal ‘20 ARR and free cash flow goals. And we have a realistic plan in place to achieve those goals. Given the changes we’ve seen at the end of this year, it shouldn’t come as a surprise that we’ll be reducing the subs CAGR and increasing the ARPS CAGR, consistent with the move to fewer, higher value subs in both the core business and in our cloud business. The transition is on track and these model adjustments are happening for the right reasons. We’ll go into all the details at our Investor Day on March 28th. Now, if we look back at the year, we’ve taken significant action to realign our investments and position Autodesk to meet our long-term goals. We are investing in building and expanding the digital infrastructure of the Company, increasing go to market and development spend for the construction opportunity and maintaining development of our core products. I’ll finish by repeating these three strategic priorities that will drive long term success at Autodesk, completing the subscription transition, digitizing the Company, and reimagining manufacturing, construction and production. We have already made significant progress in addressing the tremendous new market opportunity in the construction market and we will continue to pursue that market aggressively. In addition, some of you may have noticed that we are increasing our efforts in the manufacturing space as we just opened the new advanced manufacturing facility in Birmingham to highlight the work we’re doing to move product design and manufacturing companies to a new hybrid, additive and subtractive future. You’ll see more of that over the next couple of years and you’ll also begin to see the first results of our efforts to re-imagine production. To wrap things up, I want to thank our customers but especially recognize our employees and partners who’ve worked so hard to make last year a success. We’re excited to be now in the growth stage of the transition to see accelerated growth in ARR and to be another step further along the journey of our transition. We’re confident in our long-term plans and ability to execute while providing our customers with greater ability, more compelling products and a better user experience. Operator, we now like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question will come from the line of Philip Winslow with Wells Fargo. Your line is now open.
Philip Winslow: Thanks, guys for taking my question. Obviously, we’ve been focused on ARPS since mid-2015. So, it’s really exciting to see the inflection here in that number in Q4. So, congratulations on that. And my question is on ARPs. Obviously, you said you are going to give us more details in terms of just the framework for the long-term guidance at Analyst Day but wonder if you could talk about sort of ‘19 and ‘20, the puts and takes that you see because there are a lot of things going on. Obviously the price increase is on maintenance, less discounting on the M2S as well as just discounting overall. Just help us kind of frame out the puts and takes here of ARPS, as you think about it to 2020.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So, let me give you a little perspective on what’s driving it. First, kind of let me frame the problem a little bit. One of the things I want to make sure you’re seeing is the same thing that we saw. So, the core is doing incredibly well, sub base grew 14% year-over-year last year. We’re going to see that number continue moving forward, at least at that level, which is line with historical levels. So, the core’s doing really good. And when you look forward, you guys have probably noticed where we are with our guide. Most of that guide is due to our reset expectations in cloud. So, you’re zeroing in on exactly the right thing right now on ARPS. So, what’s driving the ARPs, specifically? So, what we’re seeing is an acceleration of some of the strategies that we already put in place and we talked about in the past. The first one is being the upsell of the collection. Like I said in the prepared remarks, we’re seeing an acceleration, more people are -- as they move from M2S are taking us up on the move to collections. More people in the run rate of our core business are moving to collections. You’re going to see those phenomena play out into next year and beyond. The other thing that’s getting accelerated right now is our price realization efforts. And this comes from basically three components, one, better execution of the e-store, which by the way is very high -- price realization channel, our renewal base changes in terms of the channel costs to renew product subscriptions. We’re making some changes there, we’ve made some changes in the low end margins of our businesses, particularly around LTs. That is accelerating our price utilization and we’re doing much better in terms of managing the promo discounts across the products. All of those things in fact that they are accelerating are going to drive up ARPS as move into next year or beyond.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from Saket Kalia with Barclays. Your line is now open.
Saket Kalia: First, maybe for you, Andrew, thanks a bunch for the example on the Canadian engineering firm to kind of show that net add and ARR dynamic. But just to make sure that we understand, the question is, are customers buying for fewer engineers? I guess, why is that a collection is able to handle fewer seats, if presumably seats are good proxy for employees? I guess, I think we all appreciate the ARR lift that you’re getting but talk you through why you think about this -- I guess how you think about this dynamic, when you think about seat share within your customers, if that make sense?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Saket, I’m really glad you asked this question. So, this is the dynamic of subscription versus users, and this is a anomaly of how we’re counting our business. So, what you saw in that example is each user actually had two subscriptions. So, the number of users in this company did not change at all; it’s just so happened that each user had a seat of AutoCAD and a seat of Navisworks Manage seating on their desktop. So, what happened is, is the customers said, well, I can now take this M2S offer, move all of those seats to collection, not only do they get AutoCAD, Navisworks Manage, but they get Revit as well, and that’s what the customer did. So, the number of engineers sitting there exactly the same, the number of subscription sitting on each engineers desktop, one from two. Makes sense?
Saket Kalia: That does. That makes a lot of sense.
Andrew Anagnost: And we’re seeing that broadly.
Saket Kalia: Got it. Maybe for my follow-up, just a little bit of an expansion of Phil’s question. Could, either you or Scott, just maybe talk a little bit about the shape of M2S in fiscal ‘19? I guess, it feels like we saw a nice reaction to some of the pricing strategies here in fiscal ‘18. I believe the next action will build on that. Can you just maybe walk us through, how you’re thinking about the maintenance base by the end of fiscal ‘19? And target back to ARPS, how should we think about the impact that that could have on ARPS?
Scott Herren: Yes. Saket, it’s a great question. We are expecting to see an acceleration of people, maintenance subscribers that as they come up to the point of renewal, seeing them move to product subscription. It’s already moved faster than we expected, as you know in fiscal ‘18, 110,000 migrations in Q3, 168,000 in Q4. Both of those numbers were higher than expected. As we look at next year, the economics change again. And the price to renew goes up 10%, the price to convert only goes up 5%. So, the economics actually swing in favor of conversation even more strongly. And of course, the product subs has higher value to our customers, in terms of access and ease of management. So, I think we will see it accelerate. What we haven’t done is gone into trying to forecast each of the subcomponents to give you a sense of that. But, I think our expectation all along is that fiscal ‘19 was the biggest year for M2S conversions. And I think seeing how quickly it’s already moved in fiscal ‘18, I think we will see that acceleration happen again in fiscal ‘19. In terms the effect or ARPS, I don’t think it has a massive effect either way. The price to convert or the price to renewal is still relatively close, little bit more expensive to renew maintenance, but I don’t think it will have a big -- I don’t think that by itself will have a big effect. What is likely to have a bigger effect is people who at the point of migration from maintenance to subscription, the people that do -- like the example, we used in the opening commentary and actually move up from individual licenses up to the collection.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Sterling Auty with JP Morgan. Your line is now open.
Sterling Auty: Based on the positive comments that you made around the number of users eligible to move to subscription that did and some of the other elements, is there a read through on churn? So, in other words has churn actually improved over the last couple of quarters?
Andrew Anagnost: So, in fact, Sterling, what we’ve seen is there’s absolutely no change in the churn rate of the maintenance base. So, the maintenance base quarter-over-quarter, year-over-year is holding solidly at the same kind of renewal rates we’ve seen historically. What you just see is more people are deciding to take the maintenance to subscription offer and of those people even more and acceleration over the previous quarter are choosing to go to collections. But the actual renewal rate of that base has remained solidly intact on a quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year and even trend wise.
Scott Herren: And to your point, Sterling, that an aggregator renewal. We do it on seat counts today. So, what it implies is because you got consolidation going on, the remainder is actually seeing a bit of an uptick in renewal rate, because some of them are dropping off. And like the example we pointed to, are dropping off certain subscribers as they consolidate up to collections. So, I think it’s -- we are very pleased with renewal rates we are seeing in aggregate.
Sterling Auty: And then follow-up on the EBAs, did you measure the subscriptions in arrears? I think that’s an element that can cause the noise within the net subscriber count, if you will. Wonder if you can give us some insight into maybe some previous cohort. So, in EBA from three, four quarters ago, how does that number of subscriptions contribution into the total count fluctuate?
Andrew Anagnost: The biggest impact we see is on the first measurement of MAUs. So, a customer that buys an EBA, in every case has had a largest state of perpetual licenses that are on maintenance, and then convert those perpetual over to an EBA. So, the first effect you see is maintenance subs go down, enterprise subs go up. And then the first thing -- and because anyone in the company now has access to the license, we count MAUs, instead of people have access to it when they move to an EBA. After 90 days of measuring the MAU, that’s what gets added to the subscriber count. And what we typically see a pretty significant uptick at that first read. Beyond that, we continue to see growth and it’s that volume growth and usage that drives one of the stats that we talked about in the opening commentary, which is we’ve had several renewals of EBAs in Q4. And on average, the renewal is 40% higher than the original EBA. That’s driven by usage; that’s not -- it’s not as much price driven as it is by usage. So, big uptick on the first measurement and then slight upticks out through the remainder of the three years.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Zane Chrane with Bernstein Research. Your line is now open.
Zane Chrane: I was wondering how should we think about the timing and magnitude of the EBA billings cycle change to deferred revenue for fiscal ‘19 and ‘20. And then, the second question, what’s been the feedback from customers on the new features and functionality with the new model subscription versus legacy licenses, is the features, new function that's driving the migration of license all users or is it more of a financial decision given the upfront cost.
Scott Herren: I'll take the front end of that and let Andrew talk about the value prop of moving to subs. This is the first year where we migrated the majority of -- the overall majority of our EBAs over to annual billings, so it’s still a three year commitment but billed annually. So if you notice one of the staff that we're providing now is unbilled deferred. What that represents almost entirely represents is year two and year three of EBAs that we signed this year. A few other goals small cats and dogs in there, but almost all of that 326 is the second and third year of the EBAs we signed this year. So you can tell half of that 326 will come out in fiscal '19, the other half will come out in fiscal '19. Fiscal '19 we'll sign another whole cohort of EBAs and in each case those will also be on annual billing so I expect to see that $326 million balance grow these year as we add two more years of unbilled deferred to the balance but only bill one year out of that 326. So the 326 will be something higher at the end of fiscal '19, I think it's pretty straightforward and we'll provide you those stats for you each quarter, it's pretty straightforward for you to set up a waterfall model then understand how that's going to accrete into future billings.
Andrew Anagnost: This is Andrew. With regards to the other question about what’s driving their motion right now? If you're looking at a standalone product right now the financial incentive is probably the core thing that is driving the momentum in terms of maintenance to subscription moves because they're essentially seeing the same product with a cloud wrapper around it. We are getting a lot of feedback that the inclusion of some of the new cloud wrappers, we put in with the product around collaboration and sharing in conjunction with the support offering, we entangled with subscription is adding a lot of value. When you look at collections and the increase in people choosing collection, that's more than just the financials incentive. The collections have actually been beefed up progressively for instance in the product design and manufacturing collection, we've added machining capabilities into the collection and people are noticing that and choosing the options. Same with the ADC collection, we've added some core capabilities that are making it more attractive for people to decide to take the collections option as they move. So it's kind of bifurcated in terms of standalone products and what we're seeing with collections. Everybody likes to support us. I said everybody likes the support, the added support.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Michael Nemeroff with Credit Suisse. Your line is now open.
Michael Nemeroff: We've been talking with a lot of your channel partners throughout the quarter and there's obviously a shift occurring in the channel's of involvement in your new product sales. How, Andrew, how do you view the channel's role in new product sales over the next couple of years and what are you expecting from them?
Andrew Anagnost: So I think I've stated pretty emphatically over time that channel one is still an important part of our business, as we move out to steady state we expect our business to be 50-50 split between direct and indirect with everybody seeing a larger business, we'll have a larger direct business, they'll have a larger indirect business. So channel the strategic component of our execution moving forward. In the new businesses when it comes to booting up new business, a lot of the hard work has to be done by Autodesk first, channel partners, really, really want to get engaged in new businesses early on and we do engage them at various points in new business. But it's better if we do some of the early market seeding and market development efforts and then start to migrate the business more over into the channel. We've been doing that with BIM 360 and some of the new application, but we kind to try to take a measured approach. One area where we really engaged partners in the future is the Forge platform and building out customization on the top of our cloud platform, that’s an area where encouraging partners with step out and get engaged in really early because that allow them to stitch together our solutions for their customer and really driver this services business, which we think is not only important for us long-term with the fact that we’re going missing new types of customer solutions build on Forge it's important for them.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open.
Heather Bellini: I was just wondering, Andrew. How do you feel about cloud as you look furthering out as being a TAM expander? There has been a lot of questions talking through kind of how you get here to $6 in free cash flow, and by the way I’m assuming you guys didn’t explicitly state that, but I guess people are asking about still your target. And then when you look at to your further target of fiscal 23, how important is cloud as TAM expander to get to that level and what do you see as being a driver for that to drive adoption?
Andrew Anagnost: First off let's be very clear, we’re affirming the $6 and we’re committed to that, so let me super clear on that one. So now when we look at the cloud, so let’s be super clear on few facts. So first off in Q4, we added 45,000 cloud subscriptions in the quarter okay, a lot of people would love to have that number. So that’s the net add, it’s a net add, so it’s a robust add, we have record billings, robust billings growth, the cloud is right where we expect it to be at this point. What we decided to do strategically and I think it was appropriate is, we deemphasize and moved away from the super low end cloud subscriptions we have. They came under the guise of BIM 360 team and Fusion 360 team, and moved much to our portfolio strategy around things like docks and field and higher value fusion offering. That was a very deliberate choice and that’s why you see some of these subscription guidance’s that are being heavily impacted by the change in the way we’re executing on cloud. But now as you look out forward, in terms of our business developments efforts in the cloud, we’re exactly where we should be in the cycle as we move to FY 23. So one more facts just to comment on FY23 before I talk about the cloud is, the business model transformation, the move to subscription to core business doesn’t just suddenly run out of steam, as moved to FY23. It provides a solid growing foundation that we build upon, but to get those FY23 targets, you’re defiantly going to see us at a lot more cloud businesses as we get to Fy23. It's not necessary for FY23, it's absolutely plan of the FY23 plan and you’re going to see us growth at those organically and in organically like we done with any new business in the past.
Operator: And our next question will come from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. Your line is now open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: First question Andrew, you touched on this is the role of eStore, I think you said about a 100 million for fiscal ’18 and at some point you would expect it to be at least half of the direct business which would be quarter of the total business. So if I would say fiscal 22, 23, you are a 12 billion plus company, you are looking at potentially roughly $1 billion eStore business. So if that on totally, but could you talk about infrastructure scaling requirements or mixed expectations you have to get that kind of multiplier of your eStore business from fiscal '18? And then last question has to do with your product roadmap or product development execution. You did that very well starting 15 years ago with the maintenance program moving for annual release in that first engine flywheel to recurrent revenue. Given all the changes in the Company you talked about a year in terms of core products and changes in R&D to R&D management and all the rest. Could you talk about your execution plans for development not just in cloud for the next year or two to make sure that you keep that flywheel going for recurring revenue?
Andrew Anagnost: So, let me start with the infrastructure question, so you are right, we've been moving up close to a $1 billion eStore business as we move out into those outlying years, and infrastructure investment is required to make sure that we manage that base in the appropriate way, so I'll talk about this whole effort around digitizing, the Company is investing in digitizing the Company. We already have the transactional infrastructure to get to that number, so we can take the order, we can manage the entitlement, but there's a whole wrapper of infrastructure around a $1 billion base, I mean just think how many subscribers has to be in the millions, and you want to take care of that phase, you want to engage with that phase, you want to have intelligence on that base. So that you can easily what's going on with those customers, that's the infrastructure we are building out, the inward facing infrastructure that allows us to understand that came to us electronically. But also the infrastructure that faces the customer, that allows them to on their own without any intervention from an artist person, manage their relationship with Autodesk. So you will see the building of both of those pieces of infrastructure over time. Right now, obviously, we've already got the core transactional infrastructure to drive the results here. Now when we talk about the R&D case, so one of the things I did and I think you astutely noticed this is that we split the development efforts up into essentially what is the core business designing creation products in venture, AutoCad, Revit, Max, Maya, and the new business products essentially around the cloud, construction based products, the new kind of advanced manufacturing products. One of the key things that's going on inside the design creation organization is splitting that flywheel on development with a rapid cadence of small incremental additions and upgrades to the product that keep the customer seeing progress. Now they're going to see progress not only in the product but for those people who manage large installations over the next 18 months or so, they're going to see progress on how easy it is to manage their installations with Autodesk. So over a 12 to 18 month period people are going to see a lot of functionality show up. The experience we aspire to Jay, is kind of like what you’re seeing with Office 365 right now, where these little kind of updates come in and it gives you a quick little dialogue -- here is a figure that I just -- we just updated for your Office experience, that's where we are heading, we are actually making very good progress in that direction, and that's how customers are going to be able to digest a continuous stream of upgrades without this kind of big thud that we used to do.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Ken Talanian with Evercore ISI. Your line is now open.
Ken Talanian: So I was wondering if you could give us a sense of what kind of uptake you've seen from non-subscribers during the year and then any plans to address that base going into fiscal 19?
Andrew Anagnost: Historically, the nonsubscribers are kind of absorbed into our run rate, we run promos, we've been running promos on a case about twice a year, so you saw that we did fairly successfully in the promos, I can't remember exactly the number of nonsubscribers we brought in through promos last year. We did two promos, one in Q1 and one in Q3. What we're doing this year as we move forward one of the non paying nonsubscriber side this is the year we're kind of instrumenting our license compliance efforts so we are actually putting out more intelligence and capability that actually tells the customer in the product that they're working with a non-compliant copy and maybe they might want to investigate how they got there and also allowing them to contact us quickly and buy. If you look at what we did with the legacy wing, where we're doing the legacy base, the nonsubscribers that have fallen off maintenance and they're sitting on all perpetual licenses. We're actually rolling out a new set of promos at lower discount but actually has some insurance policies built into it where if the customer moves and falls off two years from now they can default back to the old perpetual release they had at the time they moved. They don't get the latest they just get their old way, so it's like an insurance policy to provide even more attraction to that base to come and move forward. We're going to see how that works as we move into this year. This past year I've got the number in front of me, we moved 50,000 users into our paying base from promotions like this. We actually expect this new promotion to do as well if not better than some of those past promotions.
Scott Herren: Yes and Ken, promotions are one way that we go after the legacy base, as you know in many cases they end up coming back to us as the product they're if they're not on maintenance, the product they're using ages out and as it gets older and older their ability to communicate with other partners around them whether they're manufacturing in part of the supply chain or it’s in their contractor on ASC as their version becomes more and more down level their ability to exchange files becomes harder and harder you know file types change through time. So promos is one way kind of a financial lever to pull the other is they as since all of these are network type used products in other word they're used in conjunction with other companies they end up needing to get the latest release just to stay compliant.
Ken Talanian: Great, and I guess just a bigger picture question, could you rank order what factors might cause you to exceed your current ARR growth targets for fiscal '19.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, I mean that's a little bit of a loaded question. What I'd say, what we've seen so far is faster progression in ARPS growth than we have previously anticipated, a lot of it based on the factors that again Andrew talked about earlier. Some of it’s coming from consolidation of subscriptions where people are moving up to the collections that are faster paced than we saw. The uptick of maintenance of subscription has been a bit of a catalyst for that, e-store has been bigger than we expected and we'll continue to drive that faster. Our renewal base, remember when we sell a new product through the channel there's a higher margin for the channel partner that we saw a renewal through a partner. And as our renewal base grows out through time, the lower channel cost and effect accretes to us as well, that's also driving ARPs, so there's a whole set of things that are driving ARPS growth even faster than we had expected, I'd say that's probably been the bigger upside and you've seen subs in particular around cloud, subs are coming at slightly lower level but at a higher price point.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open.
Keith Weiss: We've seen two horizontal row where the net subscriber to come in, sort of blow peoples expectation and you guys have taken the targets down. And if I’m not mistaken there is two different explanations kind why have been last quarter is more about, sort of heavily promoted classification is not being in the going forward basis and this quarter is more about the difference between what our subscriber is and what our subscription is in, subscriptions more sufficient to come into one support, getting into one collection. How do we garner confidence that this is the last kind of take down in terms of our net subscriptions ads estimates on a going forward basis? Is there any kind of visibility you give us into sort of any, sort of excess that might be in that base on a going forward basis that you feel comfortable that this number is not coming down again?
Andrew Anagnost: First let me acknowledge your frustration then you might be having with the way that is played out over last two quarters, I just have to acknowledge that, I mean it doesn’t help you with your modeling. It doesn’t help you with some of your core effort. So I absolutely want to acknowledge. I wanted to go back to some fundamentals here, so we get kind level set and then I will answer your question specifically about the, so first off remember we broke out the core and we file deliberately, now so you can start seeing dynamic, the core grew 14% for the year, so the subs basin in the core grew 14% for the year, that’s in line with historical behavior, we’re going to see that same number of greater moving forward. So the core shows some nice straight and stability. What we did see this quarter that was not anticipated the right was just acceleration in the collections activity associated not only with the run rate with M2S and it wasn’t acceleration, it was off the trend of the previous two quarters in terms of how fast people are moving and yes, that did result in this consolidation resulting from up sale but for the right reason, we saw the appreciation of ARR associated with that. So when you look forward to what we’ve done with the guide, I got to said earlier the vast majority of the most of that guide is due to our cloud reset expectations and the majority of that cloud reset is due to simply not driving these super low value cloud subscription. When you look at the core our CAGR for FY20 is essentially unchanged for the core business, so what can garden your confidence here as we understand a lot more what’s going on with the cloud, we’re not prepared for more acceleration around consolidation as we seen it move forward, we know how to play out through FY19 and we’re holding to the CAGR for the core business that we expect to have in F18, and that’s where we’re at. Do you want to add anything else Scott?
Scott Herren: Keith, the only other thing I'd say is even in those two quarters as you point out with subs something in, perhaps certainly lighter than everyone externally expected in Q3, lighter than our own expectations in Q4 in each quarter ARR perform nicely and they are really has been, we set our long about our top goal is to drive ARR and to drive cash flow out of that ARR, do you remember Q3, ARR grew 24%, so that’s been before that actually able to seven consecutive quarter of increasing growth rate in ARR and again 25% in the quarter we disclose. So ARR continues to perform nicely even as subs have been little bit lower than our expectation in the last quarter.
Keith Weiss: I definitely understand the ARR is the key number you are looking at, but also want to have confidence in the components as it's building as ARR, sort of there's a trend line there going on in line with my model?
Andrew Anagnost: I get that. I totally get that.
Scott Herren: I want you go back to that core strength that we are talking about here because that's the important driver. The layer on top of that, the factors we are talking about around are ARPS appreciation, associated with up sell collections, that are price utilization and the reduced thermal activity and by the way don’t underestimate how the acceleration of price utilization is going to affect the year moving forward. Those are things you want to pay attention to the core. That's why we are trying to help by breaking out the two.
Keith Weiss: And longer term I mean do you think there's any chance that you'd have a view on subscribers versus subscriptions?
Scott Herren: It's a conversation we have a lot, part of the investment, Andrew has talked about three big priorities that we are investing in, one of them is digitizing the Company, part of the effort there in digitizing the Company is to be able to count users as opposed to subscriptions. Historically we sold shrink wrap product that was -- that had license number with it. So you can track license numbers, but you can't always track on the one-to-one basis is who the actual user of that license, part of the investment that we are making in digitizing the Company will give us much better insight into account level metrics and within that usage metrics, so yes we may get to that point, we are not there today.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question will come from the line of Monika Garg with KeyBanc. Your line is now open.
Monika Garg: So, I'd like to go back to the ops point, if you look at your fiscal 2019 guidance, you are guiding ARR to 30%, but your net sub adds go to about 14%, that means you are guiding ARPS growth of some mid 60ish percent, just to give walk within that end factors kind of how we achieve this kind of pricing increase?
Scott Herren: Monika, it sounds you are looking at the 605 guide, the midpoint of the guide to ARR, under 606 which is really what I'd like everyone to adjust their models to is 29%, but your math is still directionally right. And I think the ARPS growth drivers will be the components that we talked about is continuing up sell to industry collections and particularly as maintenance to subscription accelerates, what we are seeing is as people make that choice of those who are eligible to upgrade, more than a third are taking that which is -- so that's going to push more people to industry collections that obviously drives ARPS up. These will continue to grow, the renewal business is a big part of the ARPS curve, and so significantly higher yield to Autodesk, when the channel partner itself are renewed versus selling a new product and so as renewals becomes a bigger part of our overall revenue, obviously the cost of selling through the channel comes down, that drives up our price realization and we have made some very specific changes on partner margins around the low end, specifically AutoCad LP and what those margins look like. So, you add those factors together along with kind of reduced promotional activity and discounting, that's what drives -- that's what going to drive ARPS growth rate, and if anything what we've seen is it moved up faster than we expected.
Monika Garg: Thanks Scott. Then this is a follow-up, your first Q revenue growth guidance is somewhere 14%, 14.5%, but your yearly guidance is somewhere 21%, 22%, which would mean steep kind of ramp acceleration in revenue growth towards second half. Maybe walk us through the factors that would lead to accelerate? Is it like ARPS growth is more second half weighted or any other reason effective?
Scott Herren: Yes, exactly what it is, and as you are -- if you recall, so it's ARPS growth mostly, we do see some growth in subs throughout the year but it's mostly ARPS growth but remember to the maintenance and subscription program that the annual change in price points on that come into effect in Q2, and so that also that not only affects Q2 but of course it -- when we saw that it drops into deferred revenue and comes back out of deferred revenue as the year goes on, so it has a lesser effect earlier in the year and a bigger effect later in the year.
Operator: Thank you, and our next question will come from the line of Steve Koning with Wedbush Securities, your line is now open.
Steve Koning: Thanks, hi guys, thanks for your explanations on the mechanics of how this is going. I want to ask one question on maintenance subs and then just a follow-up question on ARR and then converting billings growth. So on the maintenance subs, Scott, I think you said the expected decline in maintenance subs was primarily related to the M2S program so that kind of leads me to the question, if that was the primary factors, what are the secondary factors in the decline and maintenance subs?
Scott Herren: Yes, there's always a certain amount of non renewed, we don't have a 100% renewal rate Steve, so as the maintenance space is bigger in Q4 that drives the other piece of why you saw the decline in maintenance subs, so 168,000 of the 244 that maintenance came down. 168,000 migrated the remainder are some form of non-renewed. Remember the example we gave though, right. That customer, those were 42 licenses on maintenance that converted over to 20 subs, so some of that, some of that non-renewed is actually good news it's individual licenses that are converting up to collections.
Steve Koning: Got it, got it, okay thanks for that, and then on the follow-up, is there anything that could surprise you guys when it comes to eventually converting that ARR to billings growth and then I want tp sneak in maybe a related question if I could define it that way. Thinking about post fiscal '20, how should we think about how ARPS and free cash flow, how that trajectory flows after fiscal '20 should the ARPS grow peak in fiscal '20 then decelerate fairly gradually cause you're still layering on you know subscriptions faster than you're trading the base and so how should we think about that longer term trajectory as well?
Andrew Anagnost: Okay, that's quite a suite of questions there Steve. Let me take the billings one first, the -- I think the other thing to think about as we talk about as we talk about you know ARPS and how that's going grow and how that's going to drive billings out through fiscal '20, billings so the two big drivers of cash flow which I think is the source of your question are net income you have a good sense of that from the targets we've given and billings which drives deferred revenue growth. The only other effect besides the ARPS growth that will drive the billings side of that, that you need to bear in mind is we've always had a steady proportion of customers who buy multiyear, so if you go back to when, before we started the transition we were selling maintenance agreements, somewhere between 20 and 25% of our customers who bought a maintenance agreement bought a multiyear. That's been pretty steady, of course when we launched the maintenance the subscription we cut that off, we cut off multiyear maintenance subs. What we've seen interestingly in product subs off a much smaller base of course is many of them are also buying in fact it's almost the exact same proportion of product subs customer are buying multiyear as well. So as you think about your billings model out through fiscal '20 remember that we've had a decline in physical '18 in billings driven by no multiyear maintenance. The same proportion of customers are also buying multiyear product subs as product subs becomes a bigger part of the base, that's going to drive billings as well. The other factor to layer in, two other factors to layer in on that, the bleed back of unbilled deferred which we talked about earlier with Zane's question, make sure you’re modeling that in, right. We have a year of unbilled deferred that’s build up to 326 million that will build again in fiscal ’19 and then by fiscal ’20 we will have two years of unbilled differed leading back to the billing stream. So at that and then finally from just from a cash flow and optimum billing standpoint, the fiscal ’19 has these two one-time events that total about a 130 million of cash outflow, partially driven by the cash payments for eh restructuring, partially the exit tax from moving our operational center in Europe from Switzerland to Dublin, Ireland.
Andrew Anagnost: And the only point I'll add that Steve just to reinforce what we said about the multiyear, the multiyear is not going to happen for no reason at all. As we enter into fiscal 20, we’re absolutely entering the first group of customers, M2S customers, they're seeing their M2S period, and so they are going to lock in there price, that’s been a historic behaviors, what happens is customers say okay, I don’t want to see, I want some price stability out there so they will buy multiyear. And the fact that we had this large trench of initial MTS customers, you will see that just naturally migrating the business in FY29. And then guys if you could answer the question I smock in there, that would be great, which is how should we think about the trajectory after fiscal 20 in terms of growth rate, as we layer on the subscription revenue and more of that, I tell you get more of a steady state, how should that progress.
Scott Herren: Steve I think it's there is no big change for the path that we had laid out in that, at our last investor day we call it to the better thing to do right in front of tackle the moving parts here. We have our investor three weeks from tomorrow here. And at that point, we will not give you a little more granularity on the path of fiscal 20, but we will also give you little more granularity on the five year plan, so that may be the best thing to do with hold off on that until March 28th.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, this is all the time we have for questions today. So now I'd like to hand the conference back over to David Gennarelli, Investor Relations for any closing comments or remarks.
Dave Gennarelli: Thanks everybody and as Scott just mentioned, we have our Investor Day coming on up on March 28th here in our office in San Francisco. We'll also be at the Bernstein Conference on April 10th in Boston. We’re going to follow that up with an NDR in Boston on April 11th and in New York on April 12th. If you have any questions in the mean time, you can reach me at 415-507-6033. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation on today’s conference. This does conclude the program and you may all disconnect. Everybody have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q3  (2017-11-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Gennarelli - IR Andrew Anagnost - CEO Scott Herren - CFO
Analysts: Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Mark Grant - Goldman Sachs Michael Barrett - Wells Fargo Gal Munda - Berenberg Saket Kalia - Barclays Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Zane Chrane - Bernstein Research Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Rob Oliver - Baird Dan Bergstrom - RBC Capital Markets Steve Koenig - Wedbush Securities Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen & Company Ken Talanian - Evercore ISI Kash Rangan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the Autodesk Third Quarter Fiscal 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the floor over to David Gennarelli, Senior Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
David Gennarelli: Thanks, operator and good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our third quarter of fiscal year 2018. On the line today is Andrew Anagnost, our CEO and Scott Herren, our CFO. Today’s conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. As noted in our press release, we have published our prepared remarks on our website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments and we will not repeat them on this call. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the anticipated future performance of the company such as our guidance for the fourth quarter and full year of fiscal 2018, our long-term financial model guidance, the factors we use to estimate our guidance including expectations regarding our restructuring, our maintenance to subscription transition, our customer value, cost structure, our market opportunities and strategies and trends for various products, geographies and industries. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time-to-time with the SEC, specifically our Form 10-K for the fiscal year 2017, our Form 10-Q for the periods ending April 30, July 31 and our current reports on Form 8-K, including the Form 8-K filed with today’s press release and prepared remarks. Those documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during this call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today’s call, but we will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today’s press release, prepared remarks and on the Investor Relations section of our website. We will quote a number of numeric or growth changes as we discuss the financial performance, and unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. And now, I would like to turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks, Dave. I just got back two weeks ago from the largest Autodesk University in our history. There were over 10,000 design, engineering construction, manufacturing and film production professionals in attendance. And as usual, their enthusiasm for and dedication to our products is absolutely inspiring. Now, I know several of you were able to attend the event and I'm sure you felt some of the same level of excitement I did. And before we get started with the details, I want to point out that after we review our Q3 results, I'll discuss the restructuring that we announced in today’s earnings release, which now brings me to our Q3 results. I'm pleased to announce that Q3 marks our return to revenue growth and we continue to make excellent progress on our two major initiatives, completing the subscription transition and expanding beyond design with cloud based solutions for construction and manufacturing. The consistent performance we've delivered over the last several quarters increases our confidence in our ability to achieve the goals of the subscription transition. Now, here are some key outcomes of Q3 that I want to highlight. Total annualized recurring revenue or ARR grew 25% at constant currency. Recurring revenue had increased to 92% of total revenue. Approximately a third of the eligible customers are choosing to migrate to subscription with the maintenance to subscription program or M2S. We added 146,000 total subscriptions driven by 307,000 subscription plan sub additions, making the base of subscription plan sub bigger than the base of maintenance plan subs. That is a great milestone. Now, let's take a closer look at our Q3 performance. I think it's important to first note that Q3 represents our return to revenue growth. It's the first quarter where the year-over-year revenue is comparing back to our first subscription only quarter. The growth was even better than it looked if you remember that our Q3 results last year also included $38 million of licensed backlog that rolled over from the end of sale of Suites perpetual licenses in Q2 of fiscal year ’17. Normalizing for that, Q3 revenue would have gronw 14% year-over-year. The trends we're seeing in ARR are clear signals that the transition is working. Total ARR continued to accelerate powered by double digit growth in all the three major geographies. Subscription plan ARR more than doubled, driven by growth in all subscription plan types, led by product subscription. We continue to experience tremendous growth in product subscription ARR on both a year-over-year and sequential basis. Subscription plan ARR was just shy of becoming the major component of total ARR and there is no doubt it will become the major component in Q4 as we anticipated. We achieved the growth in subscription plan ARR by adding a record number of subscription plan subs in Q3, led by continued strong adoption of product subscription. Even when we normalized for M2S total product subscriptions more than doubled year-over-year. Another consistent attribute of the transition is that new customers continue to make up a meaningful portion of product subscription additions and represented 30% of the mix for the quarter. These new customers come from a mix of market expansion, growth in emerging markets, converting unlicensed users and people who have been using an alternate design tool. We continue to make meaningful progress in converting legacy non-subscribers into subscribers. In Q3, we added another 26,000 product subscriptions through another successful promo targeted at legacy users, which is on par with the promo related subs we added in Q1 despite an even lower discount structure. Interestingly, we're still finding that more than half of those participating in the promo are turning in licenses seven years back or older. This reinforces our view that there are meaningful number of active users who are interested in moving to the latest software and have licenses that are more than five years old. There are over 2 million of these legacy users that are actively using an old perpetual license. Over time, we will convert a large portion of these users either through a promotion or compelling new product releases as their product becomes increasingly outdated over time. One more positive development with the Q3 promo is that we experienced a meaningful uptick in the percentage that purchased an industry collection. Now, Q3 is not typically a big quarter for EBA subscription additions and we experienced normal seasonal trends this quarter. However, we did experience a sizable increase in large deals valued at over 1 million in Q3 and most of them were EBAs. We’ll see the benefits of the new EBAs in both subscription additions and ARR in future quarters. We also signed the two largest contracts in Autodesk history in Q3. Both were EBA renewals with large engineering companies and both increased their annual contract value by more than 50%. These cases illustrate how Autodesk is moving beyond being a software vendor to becoming a strategic partner with our customers. That doesn't happen by wishful thinking. It's been very intentional on Autodesk part to become a thought and technology leader in the industry and work with our customers to solve the biggest design challenges they're facing today. Now, total cloud subscriptions continue to be a fast growing subscription component. There are three areas of our cloud based products that I want to highlight briefly; the acceleration of new technology integration into Fusion 360, the growth of the Forge partner ecosystem and the evolution of the BIM 360 product and business. Let's start with Fusion 360. We recently announced the integration of two key capabilities into Fusion 360, Inventor and SolidWorks interoperability in the basic version and general design workflows in the $1500 per year ultimate version. This will allow users to associatively move data back and forth between Fusion, Inventor and SolidWorks so they can access advanced manufacturing capabilities like 5-axis CAM and the automated creation of manufacturing ready geometry delivered by Generative. This will bring these users one step closer to true pushbutton manufacturing. Next, I want to talk about our Forge platform. We're working with dozens of partners integrating with Forge and BIM 360. These third party developers share the same vision as we do on supporting the needs of construction work flows today as well as anticipating their future needs in pre-construction and site execution. There are nearly 50 Forge applications for BIM 360 available today. We also have customers successfully integrating BIM 360 with their existing systems using Forge. One example is a company that is designing and constructing large infrastructure projects, including hydro power stations, tunnels and more. Another large US based construction company is using BIM 360 and Forge to extend their workflows and services to facilities management. Forge is well on its way to becoming the extensibility platform for the world of design and making. And you can expect us to talk a lot more about it in the future. In addition, we just announced the next generation BIM 360 platform is now available as a public technology preview. This new platform is built on Forge and integrates the capabilities of the BIM 360 family in a single environment that easily allows customers to pilot test and implement their next project. We've also had several key BIM 360 wins with construction companies. And in Japan, we signed a $5 million BIM 360 deal with one of the country's largest general contractors. In EMEA, we had a seven figure deal with another contractor. These are just a few examples of the BIM 360 deal activity. Now, I’ll turn it over to Scott for a few more details on the M2S program, ARPS and other financials. Scott?
Scott Herren: Thanks, Andrew. I’ll start with subscriptions, and our maintenance to subscription or M2S program. Partially offsetting the strong growth in subscription plan subs was the expected decline in maintenance plan subs. It’s worth repeating that we expect to see ongoing declines in maintenance plan subscriptions and the rate of decline will vary based on the number of maintenance plan subscriptions that come up for renewal, the renewal rate and the pace of the M2S program. 110,000 of the decline in maintenance subs was a result of the fast start to the M2S program. It was the first full quarter of availability for the program and we again experienced better than expected results. Approximately one-third of all maintenance renewal opportunities during Q3 migrated to product subscription, which is even better than the early data we got from Q2 results. And of those that migrated, over 25% of eligible subscriptions upgraded from an individual product to an industry collection. Once again some customers are doing a partial conversion of their maintenance seats, but we’re especially pleased that overall participating accounts are growing their total subscriptions and growing their spend with Autodesk. In other words, accounts that participate in M2S are purchasing net new product and cloud subs and we're seeing this behavior across all geographies. It's still early days for the M2S program, but as we've said, we'd like these maintenance customers to move sooner rather than later, as product subscription provides them the greatest value with increased flexibility, support and access to our cloud products. Moving to a single model makes the most sense and will immensely simplify our business and how our customers interact with Autodesk. Now, let’s talk a little about annualized revenue per subscription or ARPS. We spent a lot of time on ARPS on last quarter's call and reiterated the influence on short term performance of ARPS, including product mix, geo mix, timing and the M2S program which is having an impact on ARPS. That's a positive impact on maintenance ARPS and a negative impact on subscription plan ARPS through the discount offered for conversion. I know it's easy to get distracted by the near term noise in ARPS, but here is the metric to focus on. Product subscription ARPS grew nearly 20% year-over-year and if we exclude the effects of M2S, it would have grown nearly 25% and had its fourth consecutive quarter of sequential growth. That’s meaningful growth in ARPS for our core business. We remain confident that overall ARPS will increase in Q4, driven by less discounting and promotions, the price increase for maintenance and M2S customers and the migration to higher value products. Moving to spend management, we continue to be able to execute and drive results while keeping spend growth nearly flat. Non-GAAP spend increased by 1% at constant currency in Q3 and it's flat year to date. We're achieving this through targeted divestments and reallocation of those dollars to initiatives that drive our transition. Andrew will talk more about how we’re accelerating this with the restructuring and that we remain committed to keeping spend approximately flat this year and next year. Looking at the balance sheet, reported deferred revenue grew 15%. At the same time, unbilled deferred revenue increased by 85 million sequentially. So total unbilled deferred revenue now stands at 148 million, which would have added another 10 percentage points of growth to deferred revenue and we expect it to continue to grow meaningfully in Q4 and going forward as we move more of our enterprise customers to annual billing terms. Our view of the global economic conditions remains consistent with our view over the past several quarters, with most of the mature markets performing relatively well and little change in emerging markets. Turning to our outlook, we continue to see strength in our core business around product subscriptions, EBAs and our ongoing maintenance and are seeing the trends we expected for total ARR, which is the key driver for our long term model. We’re holding steady or slightly increasing most of our guidance metrics, however, we slightly reduced our Q4 subs outlook related to our cloud assumptions. With cloud subs, we continue to see good traction with our core products, namely BIM 360 and Fusion. As the capability of these products have matured, more and more customers are purchasing the higher value offerings that include the features of the lower value products they were purchasing last year. As such, we expect to see continued increases in cloud subs, but at higher ARPS and lower volume. Now, I’ll turn the call back over to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks, Scott. I’ll reiterate what Scott just said and assure you that we remain fully committed to the FY20 goals around ARR, subs and cash flow, which brings me to the restructuring. Some of you may recall that last quarter I outlined the three strategic priorities that I believe will drive long term success at Autodesk; completing the subscription transition, digitizing the company and reimagining manufacturing, construction and production. The next era of Autodesk will not be defined by simply product or business innovation, but in their combination. We must excel at both and we must do that all in the service of our customers. Restructuring actions like we are announcing today are usually taken when the company is under an external pressure, such as a prolonged economic downturn or when there is a need to significantly cut expenses. In contrast, this action is being taken to support our evolving company strategy by rebalancing our investments, divesting in some areas and investing in others. By realigning our investments, we are positioning the company to meet our long-term goals. We will be investing in building and expanding the digital infrastructure of the company, increasing go to market and development spend for the construction opportunity and maintaining development on our core products. To fund these growth areas, we must rebalance resources and divest where it makes sense. We will therefore divest in some research and development activities that are not well aligned with reimagining construction, manufacturing and production. We will also close some Autodesk sites that are no longer aligned with our global location and talent acquisition strategy. I want to reaffirm what Scott said earlier, our flat spend goals for this year and next are not changing. To wrap things up, we're excited to be another step further along in our transition. We've been able to consistently execute on our long term plan while providing our customers with greater flexibility, more compelling products and a better user experience. Operator, we’d now like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question for today comes from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty: Let's hit the 625 to 650 net adds for the year, down from the 625 to 675. Scott, you gave us some color, but some of the discussions having with investors looks like the maintenance to conversion program is working really well, getting more subs from that component would seem to indicate that you're getting the lower organic net adds since that subscription program, is it just cloud or is there anything else that you're not getting quite the traction that you thought at the beginning of the year.
Scott Herren: It really is cloud, our cloud assumptions and what we see in cloud in Q3. So the core business is still strong, in fact, our core business subs are up sequentially Q2 to Q3 and they'll grow again from Q3 to Q4. That's what delivered the strong quarter that we just announced with ARR up 25%. That's what underpins the guidance that we gave, the slight uptick in our guidance on the financial metrics at least for Q4. So the core business is strong, but as we look at cloud, the slight guide down that we've got there at the midpoint is really a function of continuing to see good traction. We're pleased with the growth. We're seeing our overall cloud subscription base just to give you a sense of it is up 150% year-on-year. So, the cloud base continues to be strong, but it's still a relatively new business and it's still fairly choppy. We also have a really big renewal opportunity on cloud in Q4. Remember cloud Q4 a year ago, we talked about how big a quarter we had on cloud sub adds, many of those come up for renewal this quarter. So we're trying to be conservative on our expectations on that cloud business but it's in effect moving from a little bit what I talked about during the script a seeding strategy with promotional activity that drove a lot -- high volume at a low price to a more mature market that we see now that is likely to have slightly lower volume in cloud, but at a higher price.
Andrew Anagnost: This is Andrew. I want to jump in too just before you do your follow-up questions. So first, one of the things that I want to reiterate that Scott said is the core business is doing awesome. The net adds for product subscription are up quarter over quarter, year over year, they are robustly heading in the right direction and let's remember that's the key driver to the financial metric. That's why you see us with a slight uptick in the guide around some of the core financial metrics. When you look at cloud, the construction business is doing awesome right now and one of the reasons why I highlighted those large deals we were talking about in both EMEA and APAC is I am trying to give you a sense for where that business is trending right now. Last year, we were doing a lot of work seeding the business, injecting things like BIM 360 team into various accounts through promos and other types of activities to try to get people exposed the offering. Now, what we're seeing is people are stepping up and making large investments in the BIM 360 offering. So I think what you're going to see and we kind of started to feel it in Q3 is you’re going to see lower volume in things like BIM 360 but at higher prices, because we're actually making bigger deals and going deeper into accounts. So the cloud is on fire. Construction is on fire. It's just in a different mix than we were expecting earlier in the year. We expected a mix like this, further down in the maturation cycle.
Sterling Auty: And then glad to hear the reiteration of the fiscal long term goal, especially on cash flow, which brings up the point, cash flow I think was negative again in the quarter, getting questions from investors, when do we start to see that inflection in cash flow to get positive and start to trend towards those long term goals?
Scott Herren: Yeah. I mean it’s consistent with what the cash flow slide that I laid out back in December a year ago, at our -- almost a year ago at our Investor Day that showed fiscal ’18 as the trough. Certainly when we get to fiscal ’19, we expect for the full year of fiscal ’19 to see positive cash flows. Frankly, we’ll continue to see in fiscal ’19 revenue growth that you've now seen for the first time in Q3 as we've compared back to a quarter that was a full subscription quarter. We'll see that revenue growth continue and we’ll see earnings per share term positive next year. But I think while we don't guide cash flow as a metric, it's not surprising at all that cash flows are negative this quarter and it wouldn't surprise me to see the negative again next quarter.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Mark Grant: This is Mark Grant on for Heather. Just wanted to dig into some of those large deals a little bit, you mentioned most of those are EBA, cited the two largest contracts in history, but in the prepared remarks I look and I see that you called out a decline in EBA ARPS. Can you give us a sense of kind of what that sales cycle is looking like in those EBAs? Is there any kind of incremental promotion that you might be doing that’s having a negative near term impact on the ARPS there?
Scott Herren: That decline in the EBA ARPS is what we typically see actually every Q2 and every Q3. So if you think about the way our enterprise business agreements work, they are three year commitments with an annual payment. That's what we see in the cash flows now. But that revenue is fully ratable over the three year time frame. So we lay it out and the revenue then is unchanged, but the denominator in ARPS and subs and for EBAs, it’s a token base, right? It's a consumption based offering. So what we use for subscriptions is monthly active users and what we see in all of our EBAs is from the time they sign, the monthly active usage continues to increase, right? They access more and more of our products, so the numerator of the EBA equation stays flat on an account by account basis, but the denominator grows and so we typically will see that aggregated result in enterprise ARPS for both Q2 and Q3 every year and then they’ll begin to tick up a little bit in Q4 and then of course it gets much bigger in Q1 when we get the full quarter, the full benefit of all the revenue from the Q4 EBAs that we’ll sign. That's just the normal seasonality trend. It's not about any additional promos or discounting into those accounts.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Philip Winslow with Wells Fargo.
Michael Barrett: This is actually Michael Barrett sitting in for Phil. Wanted to touch on the two thirds of maintenance customers who are up for renewal who decide not to migrate, do you have a sense of their thinking about the timing of migration? Are they just waiting until next year? Are they going to ride out the price increase as long as they can any sense of that that you could give would be great?
Scott Herren: Yeah. Look, I think what's really kind of straight forward here is that the small price increase this year. So when you're looking at a 5% price increase, you say okay, look, I'm going to ride this out probably to the 10% price increase and reevaluate my option at my next renewal cycle. And if you're really concerned about holding on to your perpetual rights as long as possible and locking into release at some point, you're going to do that. That's really what's happening. What’s interesting is we actually didn't expect to see as much front loading as we're seeing right now. So we're way ahead of our expectations. We expected the surge to start next year as we got close to the 10%. So this gives us a lot more confidence in terms of how this program is going to play out over the next two years, but really 5% price increase, if you wanted to hedge your bet, you just wait until the next renewal cycle.
Andrew Anagnost: Michael, the other interesting point there that -- and we've talked about this in the past is, we also look at the migration rate by customer size and what you see is the smallest customers are the most reluctant to give up their perpetual license and the biggest customers, they're ready for subscriptions and in many cases, they're already buying a lot of products from those subscriptions, so they're moving the most quickly. They’re also moving to EBAs.
Michael Barrett: And then just one quick follow-up, what impact on subs did the migration to industry collection among those M2S customers have on sub adds if any. I imagine there was some consolidation of numbers?
Andrew Anagnost: So whenever you have the customers moving to an aggregate offering, there is always some consolidation associated with that, but remember that the price of the industry collections is significantly higher, but what we did see in these M2S accounts is all of these accounts when the renewal cycle was over, they were actually higher value accounts than when they started. So in some cases, they may have consolidated some of their offerings around industry collections, but at the same time, they actually bought additional cloud subs and additional other types of subs that actually made them -- value of the account to actually increase over time, which is what we were expecting. So it's no surprise if you see some, we saw the exact same thing when we rolled out Suites.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gal Munda with Berenberg.
Gal Munda: I just have a question about the impact of the EBAs in the Q4 new subs, you said that you’re expecting some tailwind, can you quantify how much compared to last year you’re expecting if you have any visibility on that.
Scott Herren: Yeah. Gal, what we typically see in EBAs is a one quarter lag from when we see a big amount of sales. So we did have a good quarter for EBA, a surprisingly good quarter or I guess it wasn’t surprising, a good quarter for EBA sales in Q3, bigger than what we normally would see in Q3. We expect another big quarter of sales for EBAs in Q4. Most of those Q4 EBA sales will accrete to subscribers to monthly active users, beginning in Q1 of next year. So the impact we'll see in the coming quarter will be the impact from the sales we had in Q3 and that is already baked into the guidance that we gave. It's not something that I want to break out, but it's baked into the guidance that we gave you.
Gal Munda: Okay. And then just as a follow-up, you said that the guidance implies lowering yields and the cloud on the other side. Does that imply considering cloud consistently lower ARPS, does that imply a significant improvement in ARPS you expect in Q4?
Scott Herren: I’m sorry Gal. Can you restate the question?
Gal Munda: Sure. So in terms of your guidance, is that that your guidance implies in terms of net new subs, lower additions in the cloud coming from lowering yields in the cloud, does that mean because the cloud is lower ARPS that there should be a positive impact on overall ARPS in Q4?
Scott Herren: We do expect that. We said all along, I mean, that's only one effect that I think will cause ARPS to tick up in Q4. We do expect to see ARPS pick up in aggregate and between maintenance and subscription plan.
Andrew Anagnost: Yeah. The obvious behavior we're seeing right now is exactly the kind of behavior we expected. We fully expect to see the ARPS tick up in Q4 just as we said it was going to tick up in the second half. We're well on our way to getting there.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Saket Kalia with Barclays.
Saket Kalia: Scott, maybe for you. Just kind of thinking about subs a little bit higher level, can you just talk about any commonalities that you're seeing from the first couple of slugs of M2S conversions and I guess what I mean by that, are the first slug of M2S conversions, maybe coming in focused on any particular product family or any particular vertical, any commonalities that you're seeing in the first couple of quarters of M2S.
Andrew Anagnost: So, it's going to be Andrew and then we'll probably bounce back and forth to Scott. Look, one thing you're seeing is a large -- it is dominated by the Suites customers. The Suites customers are moving the fastest because they have this one path to collections and they see themselves, I think as basically locking in the lowest possible price for collections. So you definitely do see a slight Suites bias in some of the migrations and that’s evident. One of the stats though, I think it's important for us to reiterate is that when you look at the percentage of people, when you look at the people who are eligible to move to something else, 25% of them are opting to move to a collection. So, you might be seeing a budget sweep, people moving to collection, you're seeing a very large percentage of people who are non-Suites that move to a collection, which is great and above our original expectations.
Saket Kalia: Actually Andrew, maybe just to stay with you, again kind of even going higher level than kind of the M2S, which of course is the focus here, but even more strategically, is it kind of getting to your first couple of quarters as CEO, just maybe longer term around the business, how do you think about M&A strategically?
Andrew Anagnost: Well, so I’m going to pass that one to Scott. No. I’m just kidding. No, look, I think when you look at yourself entering new markets like when we talk about reimagining construction, manufacturing production, you're going to be looking at M&A as a major part of that re-imagination. We're going to be bringing in not only technology, but whole businesses that increase our effectiveness, not only from a technology and product side, but also from a go to market side and market knowledge side. So I think M&A is important part of the strategy moving forward, especially in these reimagining exercises we have in the new markets in construction and manufacturing. So I see it as a super critical element.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Andrew, let me start with you with a longer term question stemming from a couple of things you said at AU. You made the pretty interesting comment or observation that you think that eventually if I'm quoting you correctly that all subscription companies will eventually be consumption model companies. With respect to you specifically, how do you see effectuating that, what do you see as the intersection of your business model with your technology platform, enabling a broad consumption model, not just for the EBAs as today, but more broadly. Secondly, the near term question for Scott vis-à-vis the restructuring for you. You mentioned some product rationales or R&D rationalization there. I assume it has to do largely with what you call your horizon three designations, but anything on the sales and distribution cost side, anything baked into the restructuring from channel management or any cost of that kind, not specifically related to products.
Andrew Anagnost: Sure. So I’ll go first. So Jay, thank you for asking that question. First, let me explain it for the other people who weren't there for my comments. What I said exclusively, I said, look, the cloud is turning every software company into a subscription company and I said machine learning and artificial intelligence is going to turn every subscription company into a consumption company. And what I mean there is the value of the automations that are being created on top of cloud platforms is so large that people are going to pay for an outcome. We're talking out in the future and I'll give you some examples of some of the outcome that we might deliver in the future. So one of the things we've been talking a lot about is pushbutton manufacturing and this idea that I come up with an idea, I come up with the design of my design is instantaneously informed by the type of manufacturing methods I'm going to be using and when I'm done with my design, I push a button, not today, but in the future and that the design is immediately turned into a stream of bits that go to a configurable micro factory that makes it. Pushing that button Jay is incredibly valuable. When you go from having a design to instantaneously turning into a stream of bits that you can then manufacture without any intervention by a human being, that's worth a lot. People are going to push that button. Now, we've already been experimenting in consumption in numerous ways. The EBAs are a consumption model, so that allows people to consume all of our portfolio and by the way, it’s how a lot of our largest customers are getting access to BIM 360. But we've also experimented with pure consumption models in the pushbutton sense. One of the most successful offerings we have right now is a rendering service for consumption. That’s one of our most successful consumption offers. People push a button and they get an outcome. They either get a incredibly large pixel that high resolution or they get a lower number of pixels at lower resolution and they pay for that outcome. You're going to see us deliver numerous type of outcomes in the future. Some of the outcomes may be, I want to know what the energy consumption of this building design is, push a button, you know what the energy consumption of the business is. I want to know what it's going to cost me to manufacture this particular, push a button, you get the answer. That's where we're going to be going over the future and as we mature and develop these machine learning based algorithms and these artificial intelligence based algorithms, you're going to see more and more of their things show up as consumption offerings and that's where the future is going. No, it’s not tomorrow. It's the five to ten year horizon, but that's where we're heading.
Scott Herren: And Jay to your second question on restructuring, it will have an impact on our sales organization as we continue to evolve that sales model. It’s consistent with what we've talked about moving to subscription, almost by definition will put us in a position of having more direct touch with our customers. The subscription model lends itself to that kind of direct touch, whether it's through an e-commerce channel, whether it's through customer success, whether it's through kind of an inside sales, direct touch, we'll continue to invest in direct touch and so I don't want to -- I don't want this to sound like it's the depth of the channel, it's not. We've been very upfront with the channel that we'll continue to move this needle, but we also -- based on our modeling, believe the channel business in absolute dollar terms grows. So it's a smaller piece of the pie, but it’s more dollars. So I think that the restructuring clearly will have an impact across sales. There will be some disinvest and some reinvest in that space. Consistent with the plans we have talked about, I just don’t want you to misinterpret that as to somehow the death of the challenge. I don't think that makes sense.
Andrew Anagnost: No. And as I've said previously when I talked about investing and digitizing the company and a large chunk of the investment is going to go into that, that is all about providing self service to the set of customers that work with us directly either EBAs or digitally direct through e-stores or hub sales. That’s absolutely going to be valuable to the customer, but at the same time, we're going to be able to provide more account insight to our internal sales force and our partners as well so that they can better serve those customers, do better crosssell, upsell and engage with those customers. So it's going to work both ways. We're going to have a healthy 50-50 mix of channel indirect as I’ve said before and yes, a big part of this investment is going into that digital infrastructure to enable that.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Zane Chrane with Bernstein Research.
Zane Chrane: I just want to dig into the 30% metric of the subscribers being at, 30% being net new customers, pretty impressive considering Adobe at this point of their transition I think was only adding 20% net new customers. Can you just talk a little bit about the composition of that 30% net new customers, how much is coming from the new emerging products such as cloud and BIM 360, et cetera versus how much is coming from customers buying the product offerings.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So the vast majority of that is coming from the existing offerings, all right and it's a mix of several things. In some way, it’s customers who are -- remember for a lot of customers, they've never seen a price like this before for the kind of sophisticated software that we deliver. They’ve never imagined themselves buying Revit, for instance, because it always looked outside of their initial cash flow capabilities. So now they can and they may have been using some kind of alternative method, either a free piece of software or something that maybe not necessarily the professional grade stuff we deliver and they've decided now is the time to invest in Autodesk. We're seeing a lot of customers. The one thing that is hard to know is how many of those customers that are coming in for the first time were users, but were never payers, the people we like to euphemistically call pirates. We can't tell -- they don't declare themselves at the door. We do know that some of those people are actually pirates and they have come in and they've bought the software for the first time, which is great, but we're happy to see them come in. I think Adobe was seeing some of the same phenomenon when they rolled out their initiatives as well. The other piece of customers that we see are just people that are starting new businesses up for the first time. They're basically net new, but it goes in those free kind of categories. They're moving from something else either nothing to us, they're moving from user to actual customer, they were never a customer before or they're starting up a business from scratch and yes we have been -- we've been delighted with the fact that that number has stayed as constant as it stayed throughout this experience and when you look at our cloud business, especially on the fusion side, the percentages are even larger.
Zane Chrane: Just a quick follow-up, how do you think about when you could if or when revised upward your cost guidance. It seems like the opportunity construction ends in the collaboration tools and the cloud, the massive potential tam which was pretty underpenetrated. How do you think about when you might want to actually revise upward your cost guidance to just capture that land grab or drive greater growth in some of these emerging products?
Scott Herren: Yes. And we’ve talked about that. We’ve committed to flat spend this year, which is almost at the end of and flat spend again next year, but after that, we do see total spend and when I say total spend, by the way, it's not just OpEx, it's COGS plus OpEx. But we expect to see it begin to trend up in fiscal ‘20 in a single digit kind of way, but I think you can expect to see spend trend up in fiscal ’20 and then beyond.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss: Starting out on the restructuring side of the equation, how should we think about the timing? There is actually a lot of heads coming out of the organization, how should we think about the timing in terms of when those guys are coming out of the equation sort of coming out of our models and then vice versa what’s the expense ramp on the other side and then maybe you can give us a little bit of color in terms of what types of stuff that investment will come in to, so where and when does the expense ramp on the other side of that restructuring.
Andrew Anagnost: This is Andrew. I’ll start and then I'll turn it over to Scott for any additional color. So most of that is very front end loaded. We're going to see a lot of that, those -- that expense, and that operating lease has come out of system fairly quickly, right? The ramp up to higher, look, if I could do it all in two months, I would, perfectly honestly, because I’m in a big hurry to ramp up that investment in construction in in particular because we're seeing so much success there. I want to keep turning that wheel. I am very interested in the digitization, so it shouldn't matter when you try to hire back that many people, it takes time. So they'll probably be a lag as we head in to Q1 and Q2 of next year in terms of the ramp up but our overall goal is to get that money invested back in the business as quickly as we possibly can. Scott, do you want to add any color?
Scott Herren: No. You said it exactly right. The only other comment I would add Keith is if you do the math on our EPS guide, you can see there's a couple of pennies of benefit that we're expecting to accrue to Q4. That's built into our guide.
Keith Weiss: And then one follow-up on, going back to the subscriptions number, can you remind us, is there any sort of impacts that we should be aware of in terms of like a year-over-year compare, in terms of promotions you're doing where you attached cloud subscriptions to collections.
Andrew Anagnost: Yeah. That’s part of -- as we talked about the subs guide change that we made in Q4, that was part of the cloud impact that we saw as we had two things that drove a really big quarter for cloud sub adds in Q4 a year ago. One was we launched user packs for the first time and there was some pent up demand for that. But the second one was we did have some promotional activity around, specifically around a really low end member of the BIM 360 family called Team and a lot of those Team subs come up for renewal in Q4. And so that's part of what's factored into our -- the way we're thinking about cloud. You’re pointing exactly to what we were talking about earlier.
Keith Weiss: And so we shouldn’t expect a similar type of promotion this year to attach Team subs to collections?
Andrew Anagnost: No. We don't, one, we don't need it. All right. Those promotions were seeding efforts, they were brand building efforts, they were trying to get the message out there. Here's BIM 360, welcome to me. We don't need those right now. The brand is carrying itself. You're not going to see that kind of promotional activity.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Rob Oliver with Baird.
Rob Oliver: Scott, you mentioned that a lot of the timing on the conversions is going to depend upon just when maintenance subs are up for renewals. Is there anything just to keep our eyes open for there in terms of seasonality, just wondering on seasonal trends there and when we might, how we might think about that? And I had one quick follow-up, you did talk about some customers doing partial conversions and I was wondering if you could just add a little bit more color on that?
Scott Herren: Sure. Yeah. Rob, the seasonality -- so the customers are eligible to take part in the maintenance to subscription program, only when their maintenance sub expires and we have the heaviest quarter for maintenance subs renewals in Q4, which makes sense because historically that was our heaviest quarter for perpetual license sales. So it makes sense if that would be the heaviest quarter for subs renewal. I think beyond that, there's not a lot of other seasonality. Q1 surprisingly also has a fair amount of maintenance subs that come up for renewal, but I’d say the bigger effect is in Q4. And I'm sorry Rob, remind me of your second question.
Rob Oliver: It was just on the, you mentioned I think it was in reference to larger or EBA customers doing some partial conversions and I just [indiscernible]
Scott Herren: Sure. We do have -- I think it's one of the questions that's come up is and it comes through channel checks that some customers are doing, partial renews or partial conversions as they moved from maintenance over to subscription. Partial renews are nothing new. It’s something that we've had for quite a while, ever since we've had even before we announced product subscription, we would have customers who do partial renews. For example, when they were moving from standalone products into Suites, right, so it's not a new phenomenon. We are seeing it now. I think we've kept a sharp eye on that though. And some of the interesting stats that we see on the customers that are moving from maintenance to subscription and doing just a partial move is there also, we see them adding more new subs, either cloud subs or other product subs, so that the net total subscriptions are increasing in those accounts and the net total revenue is increasing in those accounts. So it's -- even though there's only a partial renew, I think that the immediate thing that people run to as well I must mean, subs are coming down and revenues coming down. We're actually seeing the exact opposite behaviorally.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital Markets.
Dan Bergstrom: Hi. It’s Dan Bergstrom for Matt Hedberg. So you mentioned piracy in an answer to a question, a couple of questions ago. That was something you talked about at last year's Analyst Day and since then and the strategy is to communicate more with customers pirating the software next year. As we approach that point, could you talk a little bit more about that strategy and then maybe how we should think about that unfolding through next year.
Andrew Anagnost: Yeah. Dan, let me kind of reiterate what we've said in the past. So this year, what we're doing is we're providing higher quality leads and insights to the existing capacity we have, targeting piracy. We're doing that through analytics and through dashboards and help people understand where in particular areas piracy is happening. As we move into next year, they'll be much more in product communication that will be rolling out and piloting in various places so that we can not only provide better lead quality to existing capacity, but we can also provide more capacity through automated fulfillment to some of these piracy activities through direct digital engagement with some of these customers. So that’s rolling out. We expect that to increase some of our volume of piracy conversion and we expect that to be a continuing ongoing thing for years to come. Given the number of pirated usage -- number of users who aren’t paying out there, it's going to be years and years of bringing those users into the paying community, but next year, yes, we're moving to more automation and more direct communication with those customers. I expect that to be more fully operational as we had in to second half of next year and have an ongoing impact beyond them.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Koenig with Wedbush Securities.
Steve Koenig: I wanted to ask you Scott a little bit more on cash flow here. So it looks like the cash flow result was pressured by two main components. One is the, it looks like maybe the move to annual billings is what's hurting your billings and then collections meaning DSO, not the product suite were also pretty weak. So can you give us more color on those factors and were there other things that were responsible for the weak cash flow result this quarter? And how -- I know you're not guiding for cash flow, but how should we think about how to model that going forward? Is there any way to think about it?
Scott Herren: It's clear that you're digging into the numbers. I would say that if you look at our DSOs, you can see they were up slightly during the quarter, up to the mid-50s, which means we had a little bit more back end loading, it just means that the linearity was more toward the end. The quality of the receivables is unchanged. We have a very high percentage of on time receivables. So there's no change in the quality, but when those come in later in the quarter, of course, they sit in receivables and not in cash as the quarter closes. So a little bit of a shift in linearity is part of what drove that. The other is the shift to annual billings for EBAs, but remember also as part of the maintenance to subscription program, we shut off multi-year sales for maintenance as well and so the people couldn't front run the series of price increases that we had laid out there. And so there's actually two effects that you're seeing in the -- on the long term deferred. One is the reduction of multi-year maintenance and the second is moving to annual Billings for EBAs.
Steve Koenig: So Scott, how do we think about -- well how long, does the [indiscernible] does that anniversary say in Q1 and that subsides or how should – and more generally then, how should we think about that cash flow?
Scott Herren: Yeah. The unbilled deferred is strictly driven -- the number that I gave you, so we had 148 million of unbilled deferred during the quarter. So add that to the deferred revenue, if you're trying to do an apples-to-apples kind of how much the deferred revenue grow year on year, that number will grow again in Q4 and that's strictly driven by EBAs that are three year commitments with annual billings. That phenomenon will continue, we’ll continue to build unbilled deferred throughout fiscal ’19, but of course, at the same time, we'll start to see some of the unbilled deferred from prior years bleed back out, right, because we’ll continue to have annual billings on that. I think the whole system gets to a more steady state by the time we get the late fiscal ‘20. You can waterfall it out just by looking at the growth in unbilled deferred, which is the number we’ll give you each quarter. You can start to waterfall out when that’s going to come back.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gregg Moskowitz with Cowen & Company.
Gregg Moskowitz: Just getting back to the restructuring, you're planning to reduce staffing levels by 13%, so obviously a material number, given what will be some degree of transition in go to market. Can you just expand on why you have confidence this will not impair your ability to execute your fiscal 2020 plan.
Andrew Anagnost: Yeah. First off, we were very selective in where we divest. We actually looked at project areas and functional areas that were not contributing to either our long term strategic goals around reimagining construction, manufacturing and production. So that’s where we're actually seeing permanent removals in cost. So those areas are not aligned with any of the goals or with the subscription transition and they're not going to affect any of our ability to achieve those goals. In fact, the money we’ve taken out of those areas, we’re reinvesting in areas that are absolutely going to allow us to achieve our goals. Now, on the sales side, what we're doing is we're moving away from some of the things that we were using to focus on the territories and other parts of the organization to move more into the inside sales structure. We've already been doing this for a while, so we have nice machinery in place to actually manage these moves. So this is actually in line with actions we've already been taking. So it has absolutely no material impact on our ability to hit our goals. In fact, what it’s doing is it's reinforcing our ability to hit these goals, especially when you look at the digital infrastructure side.
Gregg Moskowitz: And then Scott, so the unbilled deferred, obviously grew very nicely this quarter. We assume you’re still on track to be over 300 million by year end.
Scott Herren: So it continues to grow, rather than make that a metric that I try to forecast each quarter and update guidance because there's a lot of variables in that number. It's driven by EBAs and both the size and the timing of the EBAs have an impact on that number, but we continue to expect that to grow strongly, not just in Q4, but throughout fiscal ’19 as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ken Talanian with Evercore ISI.
Ken Talanian: I wanted to hop back and talk about this net subscription adds. I was wondering if you could give us a sense for which elements within that mix you have the least amount of visibility and if you could give us a sense for, if there's a baseline of net subscription adds that we can think about as sort of being your floor on a quarterly basis or even an annual basis if that's easier to predict.
Andrew Anagnost: Yeah. Ken, there is not -- unfortunately there is not an easy rule of thumb on this, even within, so if I just look at a category like maintenance, even within maintenance, there are different rates of renew and migration to subscription by major product family, in other words, AutoCad versus LT versus Suites versus other standalone. So unfortunately, I can’t give you an easy kind of a rule of thumb on that. I think the thing I would tie it back to though is the strength of the core business. So when I say the core business, it's the sum of maintenance plus product subscription plus enterprise business agreements, right. If you add those three together, that's the core business. We continue to see nice growth in the core business and subscriptions and that's what's driving the result. That's what's driving the ARR that we just posted in Q3 at constant currency, 24% as reported, 25% at constant currency. It’s the sum of those three and if you want to focus your model, focusing on those three.
Ken Talanian: Okay. And just as a point of clarification on an earlier comment, I think you said that linearity was a bit different this quarter. I wanted to confirm, one, is it different from what you've seen in the past and was there a substantial impact on ARR in the quarter because of that.
Scott Herren: No. I mean obviously a later linearity in a subscription model does have an impact on ARR. I don’t think it was significant. I think the change in DSOs was from the mid-40s to the low to mid-50s. So I'm trying to find it on my chief sheet here. Yeah. It went from 48 days to 54 days. So it wasn’t a big swing, but it was a little bit later. It doesn't make a big difference in ARR, but the question that that was asked in relation to was what’s happening to cash flow. It does make a difference on cash flows, right, those six additional days sitting, not collected and sitting in cash, but sitting in receivables make a difference when you're talking about a cash flow number that’s as small as our cash flow number is right now.
Operator: And we have time for one more question. Our final question comes from the line of Kash Rangan with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kash Rangan: My question tends to do with the restructuring. Andrew, you said that typically these things are done when there's an adverse business condition, clearly, business is going really well for you guys. I'm thinking through your goals to keep the spend flat next year and the year after and if you're cutting 13% of your headcount, it's going to take some time to rehire back. So how realistic is your plan going to be to reabsorb that 13% back, the workforce and also to an earlier question, these kinds of moves can be somewhat disruptive, how much of a buffer have you provided to Wall Street with respect to your financial plans as you go through this restructuring.
Andrew Anagnost: So first off, let me make sure we're all clear on what our stated goals are. So we're flat next year. We are not flat the year after that and we do not intend to be, all right. We intend in fiscal ’22 to ramp up our investment especially in some of the areas that we think are important in expanding our business. So, that goal is all that flat on OpEx next year. So with regards to your other question, yes, there's always a ramp in terms of rehiring some of these people. So you're not going to immediately rehire them. But remember, we’ve divested from areas that are not right now aligned to some of our critical key goals like for instance completing the subscription transition, digitizing the company and reimagining construction in particular right now. So we've been very deliberate in how we've actually executed this restructure to create a pool of money that we're going to be able to execute on, but we're reaffirming the goals for next year in terms of the total spend for the years. Scott, do you want to add anything?
Scott Herren: Yeah. Kash, just to address your last statement about buffer, what I'd say is these things are never easy and there's no question that it'll be a rocky couple of days, but what I'd say is we didn't -- this wasn't a -- some kind of across the board peanut butter method type restructuring. It was a very targeted set of divestments that were focused on a few areas. So I don't think it's going to have the same disruptive effect overall certainly to the overall core business that it might have been if we had done something that's a little bit more, hey, everybody, take out X percent, which I think is a far more disruptive path. So I don't want to minimize it. This is a tough day and it's going to be a tough couple of days, but I don't think it's going to have the same kind of disruptive impact or execution.
Andrew Anagnost: Yeah. And frankly, peanut butter cuts are actually, as Scott said, more disruptive to the execution and actually more demoralizing to the teams, because everybody feels like we're all getting squeezed but we're being asked to do the same thing. When you actually stop doing something, although it's hard for the team that was on the projects or initiatives that are being shut down, it’s more motivating for the other people because they say, wow, okay, we're getting investment over here and we're not being asked to do two things with less money again and I think that's something you have to pay attention to.
Kash Rangan: Wonderful. And is it fair to say that you're reiterating your long term fiscal ’20, what we laid out at the Analyst Day, the ARR, the revenue, the earnings and free cash flow, is it fair to say that you still are reiterating that and that's it for me. Thank you so much.
Andrew Anagnost: Absolutely Kash. We are reiterating our FY ’20 goals. The 24% CAGR in ARR, the free cash flows targets, all of that it completely reiterated. As a matter of fact, the restructuring is aligned to increase our confident and our ability to execute on those goals and actually deliver results beyond FY ’20, especially when we look at what's going to happen with construction as we move forward.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I'd like to turn the floor back over to David Gennarelli for any closing comments.
David Gennarelli: Thanks, operator. That concludes our call today. Just by reference, we will be at Credit Suisse Conference tomorrow in Scottsdale. After that, we’ll be at the Wells Fargo Conference in Deer Valley on December 5 and at the Barclays Conference in San Francisco on December 6th. If you have any questions in the meantime, you can reach me, Dave Gennarelli at 415-507-6033. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2017-08-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Gennarelli - Senior Director, Investor Relations Andrew Anagnost - Chief Executive Officer Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Saket Kalia - Barclays Rob Oliver - Baird Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Michael Barrett - Wells Fargo Matt Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets Mark Grant - Goldman Sachs Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen & Company Ken Wong - Citigroup Ken Talanian - Evercore ISI Shankar Subramaniam - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch
Operator: Good day and welcome everyone to the Autodesk Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2018 Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. I would now like to turn the call over to David Gennarelli, Senior Director, Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
David Gennarelli: Thanks, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our second quarter of fiscal year 2018. On the line is Andrew Anagnost, CEO and Scott Herren, our CFO. Today’s conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. As noted on our press release, we have published our prepared remarks on the website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments and we will not repeat them on this call. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the anticipated future performance of the company such as our guidance for the third quarter and full year fiscal ‘18, our long-term financial model guidance, the factors we use to estimate our guidance including currency headwinds, our maintenance to subscription transition, our customer value, cost structure, our market opportunities and strategies and trends for various products, geographies and industries. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time-to-time with the SEC, specifically our Form 10-K for the fiscal year 2017, our Form 10-Q for the periods ended April 30, 2017 and our current reports on Form 8-K, including the Form 8-K filed with today’s press release and prepared remarks. Those documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today’s call, but we will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today’s press release, prepared remarks and on the Investor Relations section of our website. We will quote a number of numeric or growth changes as we discuss our financial performance, unless otherwise noted each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. And now, I would like to turn the call over to Andrew.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks, Dave. Our strong Q2 results are a continuation of the broad-based strength across all subscription plans and types and geographies that we experienced last quarter. As we demonstrated over the past several quarters, we are executing well and making real progress on our two major initiatives, growing lifetime customer value by moving customers to subscription and expanding our market opportunity with increasing adoption of our cloud-based solutions. These consistent results increased our confidence in the model transition and our ability to achieve our goals. There are several areas to highlight in Q2, including the fact that total ARR grew 23% at constant currency that we added 153,000 total subscriptions. The recurring revenue has increased to 91% of total revenue that we have overachieved on revenue and we have coupled that with strong spend control, which has led to better than expected EPS performance. In addition, the maintenance to subscription program, what I will refer to later as M2S, is off to a great start. Now, let’s take a closer look at our Q2 performance. The trends we are seeing in annualized recurring revenue are clear signals that the transition is working. Subscription plan ARR nearly doubled on a constant currency basis driven by the strong uptake of all of our subscription plan offerings. Subscription plan ARR now represents 43% of total ARR, and we still anticipate it will become the majority component by the end of this fiscal year. I would also like to share with you another piece of data that really provides us with confidence in our ability to grow ARR going forward. If we isolate ARR growth rates for AutoCAD LT and our animation products, which are further along into the transition and the rest of the products, we saw total ARR growth in the mid-30% range for these products. A year ago, the growth rates for these products were similar to those we are reporting for our overall business. The same effect can be seen in our reported revenue for these products and it’s a great leading indicator as we continue to move to the transition. We added 270,000 subscription plan subs in Q2, led by continued strong adoption of product subscription. 63,000 of these subscriptions were generated from our maintenance to subscription or M2S program. Even when normalizing for M2S, total product subscriptions more than doubled year-over-year with triple digit growth in each major geography including emerging countries. New customers continue to makeup a meaningful portion of product subscription additions and represented close to 30% of the mix for the quarter. These new customers come from a mix of market expansion, growth and emerging, converting unlicensed users, and people who have been using an alternate design tool. Some of you noticed that we started out Q3 – our Q3 promotion targeting legacy users a couple of weeks early. Now this led to some conspiracy theories about our Q2 performance. You should know that the timing of these global promotions is set months in advance. Our rationale for starting early was the result of our experience from Q3 of last year. Starting the promo a couple weeks early allow us for greater absorption of our communications to our partners and customers, which tends to take longer in the summer months due to vacations. The mission was to get the promo detailed out to the channel rather than driving subs in Q2. And as expected, an immaterial number of subs, about 2,000 were generated from this promo in Q2, but we positioned the promo for success here in Q3. Subscription plan subs also had strong contribution from our new enterprise customers via enterprise business agreements or EBAs. As expected, our net EBA sub adds were not nearly as much as the seasonal strong Q1. EBAs with our large enterprise customers have been a successful component of our transition leading to both increased subscriptions and account value, while providing increased flexibility for our customers. This increased flexibility has led many of our EBA customers to increase their usage as they adjust to the new licensing system. This is a win-win situation, but it does create a short-term drag on ARPS. For example, if we isolate just the population of EBA customers from June 2016, the monthly average usage for these accounts increased 10% in the last year. However, we don’t see a corresponding revenue increase until the customer does a true-up or uplift upon renewal. This year, we have the opportunity to renew the first wave of token flex EBA contracts that we signed 3 years ago. Its early days so far, but we are seeing on average that contract size is increasing by over 30%. In Q2, we renewed two very large EBA deals worth over $10 million each. In one of these deals with a European based global engineering consulting firm, the renewal contract value was 150% greater than the original value. This company’s engineers are spending roughly 5 million hours a year using Autodesk products and the EBA contract gives them access to our entire product portfolio. The third component of our subscription plan subs is our cloud products. This is the TAM expansion part of our transition and we are extending our leadership in the cloud. Total subscriptions grew by 200% and continue to be driven by BIM 360, our construction management and collaboration tool followed by Fusion our cloud play based design and manufacturing tool. To give you more insight, I want to spend a little more time on the massive construction opportunity which is where our cloud based BIM 360 has gained an early leadership position. We are utilizing the cloud to allow our customers to take their BIM models all the way into the field giving building owners and general contractors a digital platform for collaboration, coordination, and visibility. This is a really big deal because it’s something that has been sorely lacking in the past. And when it comes to the world of building, we have a powerful brand and a powerful reputation. We are making significant penetration with the biggest general contractors in the world and with building owners and doing this by driving the value of the building information model into their project ecosystem. The result is we are both expanding BIM 360 deals after successful initial implementations and we are signing new deals with companies and organizations that we have never worked with previously. Building owners are starting to mandate BIM 360 to gain competitive advantage in project efficiency. One Q2 deal was an international airport that is investing in thousands of BIM 360 subscriptions as part of a multibillion dollar renovation project. Their goal is to use BIM on all suitable projects to inform and enhance future facilities management. They even wrote BIM 360 into the process for all future development projects at the airport. Another great example is with the general contractor that influenced a large state university and a large municipality to write BIM 360 requirements into their specifications and permitting process. This is the kind of success that builds on itself over time. Now, partially offsetting the growth in subscription plan subs was the expected decline in maintenance plan subs. As we have said in the past, we expect to see ongoing declines in maintenance plan subscriptions and the rate of decline will vary on the number of maintenance plan subscriptions that come up for renewal, the renewal rate and pace of the M2S program. A little more than half of the decline in maintenance subs was a result of fast start to the M2S program. In fact, nearly a quarter of all maintenance renewal opportunities migrated to subscription. Of those, that migrated nearly 10% upgraded from an individual product to higher value industry collections. M2S is yielding some early data that is very encouraging and very interesting. I would like to share a few other points with you. Specifically, some customers are doing partial conversions of their maintenance fees, but if you look at it overall, the participating accounts are growing their total subscriptions and growing their spend with Autodesk. In other words, account that participate in M2S are purchasing net new product in cloud subs and we are seeing this behavior across all geographies. Keep in mind that it reflects only 6 weeks worth of data, but these early figures are better than expected and bode well for the next few quarters of execution. As I said, we would like these maintenance customers to move sooner rather than later as product subscriptions provide the greatest value and increased flexibility, supports and access to our cloud products. Moving to a single model makes the most sense and will immensely simplify our business and how our customers transact with Autodesk. Now, let’s talk a little bit about ARPS. For the third consecutive quarter, we experienced a small sequential increase in total ARPS. It’s worth repeating that there are many things that will influence the short-term performance of ARPS, including product mix, geo mix and timing. Another example is that the M2S program is having a near-term impact on ARPS. M2S is having a positive impact on maintenance due to the price increase for those that stayed on maintenance and a negative impact on subscription plan ARPS due to the discount offered for conversion. Product subscription ARPS grew year-over-year, but if we normalized for the effect of M2S, it would have grown about 10% year-over-year and had its third consecutive quarter of sequential growth. As expected, subscription plan ARPS is being negatively impacted in the near-term by cloud subs as well as the increased usage in EBA accounts. I spoke about these influences at Investor Day last year, so it shouldn’t be surprising that the more successful we are with cloud products and increased usage with our EBAs, the more it will be a near-term drag on ARPS. Of course, the flipside of faster than expected M2S conversion is that the more people that take the offer here in FY ‘18 the smaller the price increases we will realize in FY ‘19. We will moderate that impact by continuing to focus on the upsell to collection. Having said all that, we remain confident that overall ARPS will be positively influenced going forward by less discounting and promotions to our legacy users, the price increase for maintenance customers and the migration to higher value products. We still expect to see ARPS inflect up by the end of the year. Now, I will turn it over to Scott for a few more details on the financials.
Scott Herren: Thanks, Andrew. Driving more users to subscription aligns with another one of the transition-related initiatives, which is to drive more direct business. Total direct revenue for the second quarter was 29% of total revenue, that’s up from 25% in Q2 last year and just 20% 2 years ago. We continue to generate strong growth in the volume of business we are doing with our large enterprise customers and we are experiencing exceptional growth with our e-store. Over 30% of our North American product subscriptions have been generated through our e-store. We expect to continue to meaningfully grow both our direct enterprise and our e-store business as we go forward. We are pleased by the broad-based strength we are experiencing from a geographic and product family perspective. Each major geography, including emerging markets reported sequential revenue growth. And for the second consecutive quarter, we experienced a marked improvement in our performance in Japan, an encouraging sign as we have made some changes there. We also experienced sequential revenue growth in each product family. Moving to spend management, we have been able to execute and drive results while firmly controlling our spend growth. Non-GAAP spend increased by 1% in Q2 as expected. We remain committed to keeping spend flat this year and next year although we are seeing an increased FX headwind to our expenses. We are achieving this through divestments and reallocation of those dollars to initiatives that drive our transition. Looking at the balance sheet, reported deferred revenue grew 17% against the tough compare last year when we had the end-of-sale event for the last perpetual licenses of suites. We also stopped selling multiyear maintenance renewals earlier this year in conjunction with the M2S program, which adds to the headwind. Unbilled deferred revenue increased by $33 million sequentially, which would have added another 2 percentage points of growth to deferred revenue. Total unbilled deferred revenue now stands at $63 million and we expect it to continue to grow meaningfully as we move more of our enterprise customers to annual billing terms. I will also note that during the second quarter, we issued $500 million in 10-year notes taking advantage of the current low interest rate environment and we have redeemed $400 million of debt that was due to mature in December. That’s a good lead in to our capital allocation strategy. We repurchased 1.2 million shares in Q2 for a total of $119 million. That averages out to $102.71 per share. During the quarter, we rebalanced our buying strategy by putting more weight on opportunistic versus systematic buying and we will continue to make adjustments to this program as we go forward recognizing our ongoing commitment to share buybacks. Turning to our outlook, our view of the global economic conditions remains consistent with our view over the past several quarters, with most of the mature markets relatively well and little change in emerging markets. As we look at our outlook for Q3 and the second half of the year, we expect seasonal patterns generally consistent with the last 2 years. As I mentioned, we have made some targeted divestments that allowed us to reallocate that money, but it also created a slight headwind to reported revenue, both of which are incorporated in our annual guidance. Q3 will be the first quarter, where the year-over-year revenue comparisons or apples-to-apples compared back to our first quarter of subscription-only sales, but remember that our Q3 fiscal ‘17 results included $38 million of licensed backlog that rolled over from the end-of-sale of suites perpetual licenses in Q2 ‘17. Normalizing for that, the midpoint of our Q3 revenue guidance range represents year-on-year growth of 13% as reported revenues now begin to inflect upward. Based on our year-to-date performance, we are increasing the midpoint of our guidance range for revenue and we increased the range for net subscription adds for the fiscal year.  Overall, our strong first half results increased our confidence that the transition is working for our customers and our partners. It also sets us up for success for the rest of the year and reinforces our conviction on our fiscal ‘20 targets. We have executed well over the past several quarters and we are looking forward to building on the success as we progress through the rest of fiscal ‘18 and work toward our fiscal ‘20 goals and beyond. Before we open it up for questions, I am going to turn the call back over to Andrew for a few closing comments.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks, Scott. Obviously, one big change this past quarter was that I was appointed CEO. I am humbled by the Board’s decision and I want to thank my friend and longtime associate, Amar Hanspal for all his work and dedication to Autodesk over the past 20 years. Secondly, I want to assure you that we remain fully committed to the FY ‘20 goals around ARR, subs and cash flow that we put forth 2 years ago. Finally, while the near-term and long-term goals remain clear, I thought I’d share with you my focus areas for driving success in achieving these goals. First, we are hyper focused on enhancing the subscriber experience and delivering more value to our customers. It has to be frictionless for our customers to manage their subscription with Autodesk and it has to be obvious to them, what is driving value from subscription. Second, we are going to continue investing in our own digital infrastructure and creating opportunities for our customers to transact and engage directly with us. We have made nice progress in this area over the past couple of years and I want to further enhance and accelerate these advancements. Third, I am absolutely committed to winning the construction space and winning in the new world of digital manufacturing. The opportunity is enormous for Autodesk and our customers. We have done well to establish an early leadership position and we are not going to slowdown. I hope that gives you a better idea of how I am approaching my new job. The next year of Autodesk will not be defined by simply product or business innovation, but in their combination. We must excel at both, all in the service of our customers. I couldn’t be more excited about the opportunity to leave such a great company and I look forward to reporting on our progress as we go forward. Operator, we would now like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. Good evening Andrew and Scott. Two questions, one to start longer term, Andrew how reasonable is it to expect or when would you expect that your direct business would become the majority of the business and/or that the e-store would become the majority of the direct, at any point so that of course, you are having the requisite back office and infrastructure which you just alluded to a moment ago. And then secondly, you talked in your prepared remarks around large customer, EBA customer usage, and mix issues, could you address that more broadly in terms of wider customer base in terms what you are seeing so far in terms of usage of products and specifically your confidence that in fact the mix will go more and more towards collection from standalone than we might have seen to-date?
Andrew Anagnost: Alright, Jay, so first thank you. So let me address the first question and then I am going to ask for clarification on the second one. So with regard to the first question, I am not going to give you a timeframe, but I will kind of down [ph] the problem a little bit more for you. In terms of a steady state for us, it’s probably more like a 50-50 split between our direct efforts and our partner efforts, and we think that’s the right steady state for us not only from serving our customers well, but also basically from the structure of the business in terms of what the right kind of profitability mix is. And when you look at that moving forward, the percent of the business that actually comes from direct high touch, the major accounts subs probably won’t change that much over time. All of that growth is going to come from the digital direct piece. So actually roughly speaking, digital direct and physical direct will split that 50% another 50-50. So you could kind of see a 25-25-50 type model for our business moving forward. Timeframe wise, I don’t want to give a timeframe for that, but it’s definitely going to be over a relatively narrow time horizon. Now, your second question, I just want to make sure I understood you were asking, what is the mix of usage within our EBA accounts or just clarify your question a little bit for me, so I make sure I answer the right question.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Sure. So, you have in the past been able track usage of the suites for example, because they were instrumented for that, and I imagine you should be able to do the same now under subscription for all products, standalone and collections. The question is really two-fold, one how confident are you that customers are in fact going to mix up towards more collections from standalone in terms of initial licenses, and then once they have a collection that the usage of enough products will be there for them to want to continue renewing the subscription on a collection that there is enough indispensable products, let’s say within the collections that basically your ARPS it must go higher over time?
Andrew Anagnost: Alright, great. So thank you for clarification. I always want to make sure I am answering the right question for you Jay. So first off, let’s – let me kind of break the question up into some pieces. Right now, the run rate for collections is already up to what our historical suites run rate is. So we are already back to where we were with suites in terms of collection up-tick. The other little piece of information I want to give you, and it’s kind of some additional color on the M2S program. If you heard the earlier comments, we said that 10% of the customers moving from maintenance to subscription were up-selling the collection. That’s 10% of the total customer is moving. If you look at those who are actually eligible when you subtract out people that are by default going from suites to collections or people that actually don’t have the option to move from a standalone to collection, it’s almost 25%. So what you are seeing is not only a run rate that’s up to our historical suites level, but in acceleration in the M2S migration that’s looking really solid in terms of getting people to collection. So it’s looking good right now Jay, and it’s heading directionally in the right direction. So that’s kind of the current state. Now to your next question about how confident are we with the product usage within a collection and the things associated with that. So there is a couple – I will answer the question by bounding it in two ways. One, historically with suites, we have known that it only takes two or more products of usage for people that really just continue with the value proposition of the suites. We see no reason at all why that should change in the collection paradigm. So we expect to see the exact same behavior for the people that have chosen to move to collection. The thing that actually gives us even more confidence is the fact that unlike suites, we’ve blended more of the cloud into the collections. So there is actually more extension from the collection into other types of capability that provide value than there was in the suites, that’s one. The other thing that bounds it is you are looking at our experience with EBAs and what happens when we provide more portfolio access. It just inevitably drifts over time to broader product usage. We see on average quite significant increases in the breadth of products that are being used. So there is nothing right now that indicates that we are going to see any kind of different behavior than what we have seen in the past.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you very much.
Andrew Anagnost: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Saket Kalia with Barclays.
Saket Kalia: Hi guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Can you hear me okay?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, we can Saket.
Saket Kalia: Okay, great. Well, first off congrats Andrew on the permanent appointment. First for either of you, could you maybe describe the mechanics of the M2S impact on ARPS this quarter, you said in the prepared remarks that subscription ARPS would have been I think about $509, so is this the impact of the discounts to convert, I remember kind of hearing that the discount would be the sweetest [ph] now and decline over time, so is that what we are seeing or did you maybe see a different mix of conversions perhaps than you were originally expecting?
Scott Herren: Saket, we saw all the above. We did see as people converted from maintenance to subscription. You remember the attraction was they get a significantly discounted product subscription if they turn in their perpetual license that they have. So an existing maintenance customer that converted was able to buy that product subscription at a significant discount that obviously pulls down the ARPS on product subs. The faster we can make that transition move, the faster we can move people off of maintenance and over to product subscription, of course faster the transition works and the better off we all are. But it does have a short-term effect on ARPS. If you just isolated product subscriptions for a minute and said let’s net the M2S impact out of it, that’s the statistic that we gave in the opening commentary. Product subscriptions by itself without M2S the ARPS increased 10% year-on-year and it was the third consecutive quarter of product subscription ARPS growth. So part of what you are saying is just the M2S effect that’s kind of a bucket shift that people moving from maintenance mid-quarter up into subscription, all 63,000 subs moved, but only a fraction of the ARR was accumulated in the product subscriptions bucket. We also did see mix and we always see mix a little bit in Q2. So our historical trend is that ARPS comes down a bit Q1 to Q2 because both cloud and we talked about the success we have success with cloud 200% growth in our cloud substantial. We know cloud subs have the lowest ARPS that has weighted averaging effect on the overall subscription plan ARPS. The second is enterprise where we don’t get a lot of new enterprise sales during the quarter, but we continue to drive usage. So we continue to drive net mostly active users into the denominator of that ARPS equation. So as we accumulate more users into the denominator and don’t move the numerator that has a negative effect on the ARPS for enterprise sub. So we actually saw both. M2S had an impact on product subs and mix had an impact on the overall subscription plan sub ARPS.
Saket Kalia: That’s great. That’s really helpful. And for my follow-up maybe for you Andrew, I believe you said you are converting about one in four maintenance subs up for renewal, is there a change in the portion of the remaining 75% that’s churning off versus let’s say accepting the price increase if you will?
AndrewAnagnost: Saket, when we first constructed this program, remember the whole thing was to balance churn associated with price increases. We always knew there would be some incremental churn resulting from increasing prices. It’s very modest. So, what we are seeing is well within the bands of what we expected and yes, actually in that 75%, you do see a little bit of extra turn as a result of the price increase. But again, that’s why we constructed the program the way we did to make sure that we actually minimize the churn. But right now, it’s well within the bands we expected.
Scott Herren: Yes. And Saket, you have got the data to do the math, right. We told you what the maintenance plan subs are and what the sub ads were. So, it’s minus 117,000 maintenance sub adds for the quarter and 63,000 of those left maintenance and dropped into converting over to product subscription. So, you can see what the remainder is and divide that by the base that would have come up for renewal during the quarter. So, it’s right in line with expectations.
Saket Kalia: Yes.
Andrew Anagnost: Which kind of reinforces the point is pay attention to the net adds. The net adds tell the real story.
Saket Kalia: Understood. Thanks very much.
Scott Herren: Thanks, Saket.
Operator: Your next question is from Rob Oliver with Baird.
Rob Oliver: Yes, thank you for taking my questions. Just on that 25% number, how did that align with sort of your internal expectations? And then what sort of feedback have you gotten kind of early on from the channel as to what makes people kind of jump, but I know Andrew you talked about your primary goal here as you know kind of ease of use in the product and getting people to understand the implicit value of subscription. So, can you talk a little about some of the feedbacks you are getting? And then I just had a very quick follow-up. Thanks.
Andrew Anagnost: So, first off, I want to make sure I reiterate exactly what that number is. So, we are all on the same page. Remember in the prepared remarks, we said about 10% of the total people moving from maintenance to subscription were choosing to migrate. As a subset of that, that we are actually eligible to migrate it all. So, of the subset that we are already on suites that default went to collections, of that subset almost 25% are moving. That is above what our original expectations were with that base. So, this is a good result. We view it positively. Now, let’s be clear though, half a quarter does not a trend make, but it’s certainly a gratifying result to see. Right now, in terms of the value proposition the customers are buying on, I suspect the majority of the conversations are hey, if I get on the collection now, wow, this is the best place I will ever get for a collection. I should probably get on that boat right now. And some customers are quite frankly in a wait-and-see mode, how is Autodesk going to increase the value of the subscription offering, where are they working on we have been very transparent with some of our plans. But I honestly think right now they are just looking at a strategic choice and saying, I should go with the collection right now, because that’s just – this is the best price I’ll ever get.
Rob Oliver: Great. That’s helpful. And then any update you guys to the thoughts around piracy that you gave on last year’s Analyst Day, I think you said 1.3 million actives as you mined through the users and any thought on an update to that number or any trends? Thank you very much.
Andrew Anagnost: So, first off, the numbers holding the trends, the trends aren’t changing. We are absolutely increasing our effectiveness in targeting that piracy base. I think I have told you guys previously in the past this year, it’s all about increasing the quality of the leads that go into the existing machinery for piracy. Next year, it’s all about automating our communication with the customers that are actually using pirated software and supplementing the existing resources that are focused on piracy, but no change in the trends. We are piloting the automation that’s going to communicate to customers directly in the product with regards to their usage of pirated applications. That will be rolled out sometime next year. So, we are continuing to head in the right direction there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss: Thank you, guys for taking the question and very nice quarter. Two questions. One relating to maintenance ARPS sort of taking the other side of the equation, you guys actually saw a nice increase there. Is that related primarily or solely to sort of the price increases that come, what if they don’t take the test part of the M2S subscription or are there kind of mix shifts going on there that perhaps higher priced guys tend to stay on maintenance as other guys are attriting? And is that trend line of increasing ARPS and maintenance, is that something that we should be looking to continue in our model?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Keith, it’s the flipside of what I was talking about earlier to Saket. So, as people move from maintenance to subscription, let’s say they move on July 1 which is the beginning of the third month of the quarter for us, so upon maintenance for two months, I converted on July 1 in the third month. The way that that gets recorded is I have got two months of maintenance revenue and one month of product subscription revenue, right. But the entire sub dropped down to the product subscription level. So the impact – there is actually impact in both places. There is, if you will a tail of revenue left behind in maintenance that has no sub attached to it that drives up the maintenance ARPS. And then there is a partial quarter of revenue showing up in the product subscription side, so you get this understated ARPS. So the increase that you see in maintenance, the biggest driver of that is the flipside of what we talked about as the headwind on subscription plan. There are a couple of other changes, pricing maintenance agreements have gone up to 5% in price and there are some mix shifts by products and by geo, but the biggest driver is just the compounding effect of maintenance to subscription. So as we – we will be in this mode. We will be in this maintenance to subscription mode now for the next several quarters, certainly through fiscal ‘19 and into fiscal ‘20. And I think that it probably it will – this bucket shifting will continue to make it difficult to look at products of maintenance sub-ARPS versus subscription plan APRS. And probably the better way to gauge our overall progress on ARPS is going to be look at the total ARPS. That will net up the effect of this tail of revenue left behind in a partial quarter where they landed.
Keith Weiss: Got it. That’s helpful. And if I could just one about OpEx, you guys went through several quarters of basically total expense declined this quarter, you saw some slight growth, is that an indication that sort of the expense reduction programs will kind of run its course and from here it’s more about holding steady, was there more room to run in terms of taking actual expense out of the equation here?
Scott Herren: Yes. Keith, we have continued to focus on that. Now, we are flat from ‘16 to ‘17, flat again this year, flat again next year. Obviously, each year we give a – basically a merit increase in salaries. So we are continually looking at where we are spending money and using the portfolio management approach to sharpen the things that we have to continue to focus on to be able to live within a flat spend envelope and still drive the transition and drive the most important things. So I talked a little bit when we gave guidance for the year and you will see a little bit of it in the prepared remarks. We had a couple of divestments. Those are – those were expected through the year, but that’s an example of the kind of things we are doing as we manage the portfolio to reduce spend in some areas so that we can afford to continue to increase in other areas and still stay flat in aggregate.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. And Keith one of the questions we always get on this, it’s, how are you able to continue the execution you are doing when you are looking in this expense control environment. This is really all about picking the most important things to work on. Obviously, we are doing well in our net adds, so we are focusing a lot on that. And by the way another area where we focused on is BIM 360 in the construction space, it’s going so well that we actually shifted money during an expense constrained environment to accelerate future development in that space. So it’s just a matter of picking your priorities and over time you will expect us – continue to expect to see us to divest from things that just simply aren’t aligned with where we need to focus over the next few years.
Keith Weiss: Helpful guys. Thanks.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks Keith.
Operator: Your next question is from Philip Winslow with Wells Fargo.
Michael Barrett: Hey, this is actually Michael Barrett on for Phil. Thanks for taking my question and congrats on the quarter. Just want to circle back to the maintenance plan decline, obviously 63,000 of those 117,000 directly moved over from the maintenance subscription plan, did the rest – are the rest of those all just sharing off the platform completely, was there any shelfware in there, are there customers who had moved over prior to the promotion that just simultaneously had a maintenance plan and the subscription plan or should we really think of that as all just turning out of the base?
Scott Herren: Yes. Michael I will start and Andrew if you want to add color you can. It’s 117,000 minus 63,000, 54,000 churn on 1.8 million sub base. Not all 1.8 million came up for renewal during the quarter, but that’s a pretty normal churn rate for our maintenance plan. So we really saw nothing extraordinary even in the face of an announced 5% price increase. We really saw nothing extraordinary in the churn rate within maintenance. So there is nothing – there is no other moving parts under the covers if that’s the question you are trying to get at.
Michael Barrett: Great. Yes, thanks. That was what I was trying to clarify. And then just on the move to collections what sort of impact to subs if any have you seen from that move? I know, you have called out, at your, I believe your Analyst Day in the past if you have a customer who has two subscriptions per subscriber and they move to a collection that’s minus one subscription even though it’s ARR accretive, has there been any impact on total subs or is it too early to tell at this point?
Andrew Anagnost: Well, we have lots of data from the suites days that the effect is consolidation effect kind of range from 2% to 5%. If you look at what’s going on with the maintenance to subscription moves and some of the term we are seeing as people move from maintenance subscription, it’s right in line with those exact same numbers. We see consolidation, but it’s incredibly modest. You have to remember, people need to use the software. They need the software for themselves individually. So, when you consolidate products, yes, you do see some modest consolidation. It’s right in line with the kind of consolidation we saw with suites.
Michael Barrett: Great, thanks.
Andrew Anagnost: You are welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital Markets.
Matt Hedberg: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking my questions. Congrats on the results. I believe you guys implemented a file format change at the end of March. Can you talk about the mechanics of this and if any impact on quarterly sub adds? And I guess secondarily, you have done these in the past can you sort of remind us historically that the impact of something like this converting non-maintenance paying active users?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So, first off, just to give you context, every 3 to 5 years, we actually do one of these file format changes, because what happens is we start to accumulate technical debt inside the file format and we have to do these things that prevent bloat. So, yes, we did one of those in this round. What you generally see is an initial decline in the number of active legacy seats, the non-subscriber seats, we saw that, but then it takes a year or two to diffuse through the entire ecosystem. So, what you get is an initial chunk associated with the release of the product, where legacy users shift up to the new product. And then over time, as people are integrating with the ecosystem, you see more and more attrition out of this non-subscriber base. So, we expect to see the exact same pattern. It’s happened historically over and over again. So, we are right on track with that right now.
Matt Hedberg: Yes, that’s helpful. And then you have commented in the past you, coming once these 3-year M2S conversions come up, there is going to be a price increase that’s sort of I think if it’s well-documented, at least you have talked about it. Is this a once – like a one renewal cycle trend to kind of get back to sort of normal discount rates or might this be a couple of cycles. I was sort of trying to give out the magnitude of that price increase?
Andrew Anagnost: You want to take this?
Scott Herren: Yes. Matt, we have also tried to articulate that. When we get to the end of the 3-year period, so someone coverts from being a maintenance subscriber to a product subscription, they give up their perpetual license. They get this reduced price for product subscription. And without having to pay for all 3 years upfront, they are grandfathered at that price for 3 years. At the end of that – and that’s for people who convert this year and next year fiscal ‘18 and ‘19. At the end of that 3 years, they revert to what we have been calling the terminal price, which is the price of conversion compounded over 3%, 5% increase, so in effect the 16% price increase from where we started the entire process. So, they will snap up to that level. So, they took a 5% increase. If they convert this year, that’s roughly a 10% increase at the end of their 3-year grandfathering. And then it’s going to take time for that pool. So that will create a pool of product subscribers that are at significantly lower price than a new product subscription and it’s going to take time to migrate that pool up to the price of a net new product subscription. That’s not going to happen in 1 year or 2 years and that would be too big a step.
Matt Hedberg: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
MarkGrant: Hi, this is Mark Grant on for Heather. Thanks for taking the question. Saw the disclosures around the M2S program with the subscription plan ARR and the net subs coming from that program. One, are those metrics that you plan to disclose on an ongoing basis? And then just second on maintenance renewals realizing that, that M2S program might create some noise in the seasonality of renewals this year, can you give us a sense of the split of contracts coming up for renewal between the fiscal 3Q and fiscal 4Q? Thanks.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Mark, to your first question, we will continue to provide that visibility. I think because it’s fairly disruptive between the two big pools of subscription plan and maintenance plant, we will continue to provide the same metrics that we gave this quarter. So, the impact on where they have landed in product subscription in terms of how much accumulated there and the number of subscriptions that moved. I still think it’s going to be difficult for you to sort out at a more granular level. What’s happening inside, it’s because those transitions take place during the quarter. And so, if you go back to example I talked about earlier and moving to beginning of the third quarter, there is a tale of revenue left behind on the maintenance side that will not move over. And so it’s – I would encourage you to try model ARPS if that’s important to you, I’d encourage you to try to model at the total level. In terms of the number of maintenance agreements that come due in the second half of the year, we haven’t given that kind of seasonality metric historically, but what you see is as with most enterprise software companies, we do see a bigger second half than we do in the first half. And so you can expect to see it be slightly more opportunities for conversion in the second half year than what we would have had in the first half.
MarkGrant: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question is from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty: Yes, thanks. Hi, guys. I apologize if you covered this in the prepared remarks, I missed it, but of the users that chose to make the move over to subscription from maintenance. Can you give us a sense of what products were most popular that actually chose that switch?
Andrew Anagnost: Well, so first off, very good on a suite, it’s kind of a no-brainer for you to do this. So, we saw lot of people on suites making the move to subscription and taking up the offer pretty quickly. And then it kind of follows from there to products like AutoCAD naturally is the next biggest product up there. So, it’s pretty straightforward.
Sterling Auty: Okay. And then Scott on to a different area on the FX side, I know you guys your hedging program, but just want to make sure how with the recent moves that we have seen included with your hedging program. Is that impacting the outlook here for the back half?
Scott Herren: Yes, it’s a great question. The interesting part about FX and particularly the subscription model where a lot of the revenue that we report in a given quarter was actually sold in the prior quarter right. So, as we opened the quarter, we have got a very high percentage of the reported revenues for Q3 sitting on the balance sheet at exchange rates that are commensurate with when those were actually sold. So, there is a lag effect in revenue, really independent of the hedging. Whenever it’s sold, we have the hedge benefit, but then it goes in deferred. So, the benefit of the weaker dollar will take a lot longer to show up in revenue simply because a lot of reported revenue is coming off the balance sheet before the FX rates change. We will see it much more immediately on the expense side. We hedged the net exposure, but we will see the impact FX had much more immediately on the spend both COGS and OpEx side.
Sterling Auty: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gregg Moskowitz with Cowen & Company.
Gregg Moskowitz: Okay, thank you very much. Good afternoon, guys. So the cloud subscription growth again was very impressive and it sounds like you are really starting to see BIM 360 construction and related activity ramp up as well. On the other hand, I believe the comps on cloud subs make it a little tougher later this fiscal year given the acceleration that we saw in that year ago period? So I was just kind of curious how we should generally think about cloud subs growth over the balance of the year?
Andrew Anagnost: You are right in BIM 360 we are seeing a really good acceleration of cloud growth. We see nothing that would indicate that, that’s going to slowdown as we head throughout the year. And the only thing above is to highlight anything as you grow the base larger, the base you have to renew gets larger as well. So, we will be watching that very closely, but the momentum – there is really nothing out there right now that would slow the momentum, particularly on BIM 360.
Gregg Moskowitz: Okay, perfect. Thanks, Andrew. And then with respect to EBAs, I know Q2 obviously is not a seasonally strong quarter for you there that your unbilled deferreds were up significantly again on a sequential basis. How is the EBA uptake tracking relative to your expectations both in terms of numbers of customers signing on as well as the degree of ARR spending increases? Thanks.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, Gregg. The EBAs are tracking right in line. EBAs are always heavily weighted into the second half of the year. And so if you go all the way back to our Investor Day last year when I made sure everyone understood that we were going to move many of our EBAs from billed upfront to annual I said I thought the impact on deferred revenue by the end of the year would be $300 million or more of unbilled deferred that would accrue and that’s still our expectation on the unbilled deferred by year end. So expect to see the unbilled deferred grow more heavily in the second half of the year, as we sign more of those EBAs. But in general the EBA business is tracking right in line with our expectation.
Gregg Moskowitz: That’s great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Wong from Citigroup.
Ken Wong: Hey guys, when looking at your sub guide, I guess the midpoint is around 650 and you guys are already kind of halfway there and correct if I am wrong but you are saying the second half you add a lot more, can you help us understand some of the dynamics that are going into your guidance and thinking for the second half?
Scott Herren: Yes. Ken, we shifted the entire range up by 25,000, so prior guide on subs was 600 to 650. We shifted it up to 625 to 675. And a lot of that’s based on the strength that we have seen in the first half of the year. And we have touched a little bit on this in the opening commentary. It was a very strong first half. Our net sub adds coming from the enterprise business outpaced our expectations in Q1. The legacy promo continued to be strong and cloud in the quarter we have disclosed our cloud sub adds grew 200% year-over-year as Andrew said. So we had a very strong sub add in the first half of the year. Second half of the year is right in line with our expectations. So it’s not a – there is nothing – there is no difference than what we expected in the second half built into that guidance. What you see in the guidance range shifting up is the strength of first half.
Ken Wong: Got it. And then maybe in term s of just renewal rates, I know in the past few quarters it’s kind of across the different subscription lines maintenance product, etcetera, you guys have seen always kind of close to peak, if not peak, how are those tracking in Q2 here?
Andrew Anagnost: Our renewal rates are tracking exactly the place the way we were expecting to track right now. So we are right in line with everything – all of our expectations.
Scott Herren: And Ken the place to look to get a feel for that is again look at the net sub adds. And we have given you the visibility of maintenance and you can get a real sense of the – what the renewal rates look like there, because we told you how much of the 117,000 that went away were conversions over the product substantial. You can do the same math on subscription plan and look at what the net adds are there and that gives you a sense of not just what the volume is or it’s the combination of what the new volume is and what the renewal rates are. And so and back to your earlier question at the midpoint of our guidance by the way 625 to 675, so the midpoint is 650, that’s 21% growth year-on-year. So it’s right in line with our expectations.
Ken Wong: Got it, great. Thanks a lot guys. Good quarter.
Scott Herren: Thanks Ken. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ken Talanian with Evercore ISI.
Ken Talanian: Hi guys. Thanks for taking the question. So you mentioned earlier that you had reinforced conviction in the fiscal ‘20 targets, given the better than expected results, do you think it’s reasonable to assume there is upside to those targets?
Scott Herren: Yes. Ken, I will start and I see Andrew smiling. I know he can’t wait to add some color to this. One of the things that we have done – those targets of course we put up a little more than a year ago at this point. And the goal in setting that out was not to say this is guidance that we are going to update it every quarter, it was to say this is where we see ourselves headed as we work through this transition. One of the things we spend a lot of time on back in December at our last Investor Day was talking about the various steps we had taken, the leverage we have pulled to in effect de-risk that set of targets and to provide some buffer between where we think we are going to land and what those targets are. And we continue to do that. We continue to pull those levers and continue to drive for those targets. I don’t think it would be wise for us to try to continually update what that number looks like.
Andrew Anagnost: It’s good to see you asking questions like this. I mean I think right now all of us being on the same page that it’s looking more and more likely that we are heading in exactly the right direction for our FY ‘20 targets, I think it’s a good place to be. There is no reason for us to revise those targets right now.
Ken Talanian: Okay. And I guess just more specific question, can you talk about the mix of products that you are seeing transact through the e-store?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. When you look at the e-store, the e-store really dominated the low end of our offerings. We actually did you see almost every type of product type that we sell going through the e-store. But if you look at what the majority is, a lot of it’s going to be LT and then the next largest chunk is going to be AutoCAD. And that’s basically the majority of the e-store traffic that’s totally what you would expect from e-commerce transactions, the lower end of our value spectrum.
Ken Talanian: Great. I have just one quick follow-up to that one. Do you know if you are seeing any pirates essentially transact for the e-store.
Scott Herren: We know the pirates don’t announce themselves when they arrive at the e-store. However, it’s highly likely that some of them do show up there. Alright, especially if they are buying LT or something like that, but like I said pirates don’t declare themselves, but it’s probably likely especially given some of the digital related targeting efforts we are doing work with piracy. But some of them show up buying there.
Ken Talanian: Great. Thanks very much.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks Jim.
Operator: Your next question is from Shankar Subramaniam with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Shankar Subramaniam: Hi, I am asking the question on behalf of Kash. I have a quick question on what can be the churn rate of the current renewal base for the subscribers for next year, so the question I have is so most – some of the projects that the construction engineers use would be a short-term project or some can be a long-term project, so if the subscriber growth in the current year is driven by short-term projects, is likelihood the next year they might drop out, but can you talk about what the mix is, I don’t know if you know this or not, but when you talk about the mix between subscribers who are using for a short-term basis versus a long-term basis?
Andrew Anagnost: So the pattern you are talking about if no projects were in the pipeline at all then I would probably worry about that. But for every project that drops off another project shows up. So that’s just the wrong way of looking at it. There is a steady state of projects within the ecosystem, projects retire, new projects ramp up. So there is really no material change in the run rate because of the cyclicality of a particular set of projects. There is always new projects in the pipeline.
Shankar Subramaniam: Got it. And one on the digital manufacturing strategy you talked about the focus area for that, can you talk about is there any particular segment you are focusing on the 3D printing, IoT or not and where are you in that strategy implementation and when do we see the benefit of it, is it more beyond fiscal ‘19?
Andrew Anagnost: So the opportunity that we are dealing with right now where the market is fully ready and the technology is fully aligned with the market rate [ph] is in construction. When we look at the digital manufacturing opportunity, the market is still coming to terms with okay. What does it mean for us to be using solutions in the cloud when I am a product manufacturing, how much of the 3D printing capability is actually going to be practical for my applications. So what you are seeing right now is in low volume manufacturing aircraft components and things like that, greater adoption of 3D printed workflows and some of these more automated workflows that’s eventually moved down, so the bet on digital manufacturing is like the next long-term bet after the construction bet there we are playing right now. So we are actually – what you are seeing in the series of bets that provide a very strong path for long-term growth for the company.
Shankar Subramaniam: Got it. Thanks.
Operator: And we have reached our allotted time for questions. And I would like to turn the call back over to David Gennarelli.
David Gennarelli: Great. Well that concludes our call today. We will be at the Citi Conference in New York City on September 6. For any other follow-on questions, you can reach me at 415-507-6033. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation. This does conclude today’s conference call. And you may now disconnect.

===== 2018 Q1  (2017-05-18 00:00:00) =====
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Autodesk First Quarter Fiscal 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the floor over to David Gennarelli, Senior Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir. 
David Gennarelli: Thanks, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our first quarter of fiscal year 2018. On the line are our co-CEOs, Amar Hanspal and Andrew Anagnost; and Scott Herren, our CFO. Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor.
 As noted in our press release, we have published our prepared remarks on our website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments, and we will not repeat them on this call. 
 During the course of the conference call, we'll make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the anticipated future performance of the company, such as our guidance for the second quarter and full year fiscal 2018; our long-term financial model guidance; the factors we use to estimate our guidance, including currency headwinds, our maintenance to subscription transition, ARPs, customer value, cost structure, our market opportunities and strategies and trends for various products, geographies and industries. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time to time with the SEC, specifically our Form 10-K for the fiscal year 2017 and our current reports on Form 8-K, including the Form 8-K filed with today's press release and prepared remarks. Those documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements. 
 Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today's call, but we'll not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum. 
 During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today's press release, prepared remarks and on the Investor Relations section of our website. We will quote a number of numeric or growth changes as we discuss our financial performance and, unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. 
 And now I'd like to turn the call over to Amar. 
Amar Hanspal: Thanks, Dave. We're off to an impressive start to the new fiscal year with broad-based strength across all subscription types and geographies. These kinds of results are increasing our confidence in the acceptance of the subscription model and our ability to achieve our goals. 
 There are several areas to highlight in Q1, including we added a record 186,000 total subscriptions. Total ARR grew 20% at constant currency; recurring revenue jumped to 90% of total revenue; and we overachieved on both our revenue and spend goals, leading to better-than-expected EPS. As we've demonstrated over the past several quarters, we are executing well and making real progress on our 2 major initiatives: growing the lifetime customer value by moving customers to the subscription model and expanding our market opportunity with increasing adoption of our cloud-based solutions. 
 Now let's dive into our Q1 performance a little more. Before I get too far, I want to note a change in our terminology. New model is now known simply as subscription plan to synchronize with our new revenue reporting terminology. Just like new model, subscription plan consists of product subscriptions, enterprise subscriptions and cloud subscriptions. 
 We added 233,000 subscription plan subs in Q1, which is even higher than our seasonally strong fourth quarter of last year. What's more, we netted a record 186 total subscription additions, resulting from strength across all subscription plan types and a higher renewal rate for maintenance plan subs. 
 One of the best signals for the health of our business was a strong demand for our core design and engineering products, which is reflected in impressive year-over-year growth of over 170% in product subscriptions. Even more pleasing was the strength in product subscriptions was broad-based with triple-digit growth across all geographies and very strong growth in emerging markets. 
 Once again, new customers represented about 1/3 of our new product subscriptions for the quarter. These new customers come from a mix of market expansion, growing in emerging countries, unlicensed users and people who have been using an alternate design tool. 
 Subscription plan subs also had a strong contribution from our new enterprise customers. I mentioned on last quarter's call that in Q4, we had signed up a record number of enterprise customers for our token-based or consumption style EBAs. And that because of the way we count those subscriptions, we'd see the benefit to net new subscriptions in Q1 just as we did in the first quarter of the last 2 fiscal years. These EBAs contributed a record 44,000 subscription additions in Q1 of this year, 10% more than Q1 of last year. EBAs with our large enterprise customers have been a very successful component of our transition, leading to both increased subscriptions and account value while creating increased flexibility for our customers. 
 The third component of our subscription plan subs is our cloud products. This is the TAM expansion part of our business, and we are building on our leadership in the cloud. Cloud subscription additions continue to show strong growth, growing by over 4x Q1 of last year. And these were driven by BIM 360, our BIM collaboration and construction management tool, and closely followed by Fusion, our cloud-based design and fabrication tool. In addition to brand-new customers to our cloud products, we're also doing a lot of add-on business with our existing cloud customers. A great example of this was a large Australian construction company which had already deployed over 1,000 seats of BIM 360. The company is now expanding the deployment of BIM 360 and integrating it into their project management system which has resulted in the purchase of an additional 3,000 seats of BIM 360 by that customer. BIM 360 goes beyond a typical product sale and has allowed us to develop much more strategic relationships with this and other companies as we tap into the huge potential TAM of the construction market, the C in AEC. Some of you may have seen that just last week there was a great story in The Wall Street Journal that highlighted this opportunity and prominently featured Autodesk. 
 Fusion 360 is also expanding our market opportunity. We had a great Q1 win with a U.K.-based engineering firm that is choosing to replace Teamcenter with Fusion Lifecycle. This customer also purchased product design collection, which includes Fusion 360 which successfully competed against Dassault and PTC solutions. The more people use Fusion, the more they are reinforcing our belief that Fusion is a game-changer that's driving the future of making things at the expense of our competition. 
 Partially offsetting the growth in subscription plan subs was the expected decline in maintenance plan subs. However, maintenance plan subs declined less than what we experienced in Q4 through a combination of a higher renewal rate and a smaller pool of renewal opportunities. As we've said in the past, we expect to see ongoing declines in maintenance plan subscriptions going forward. The rate of decline was varied based on the number of subscriptions that come up for renewal, the renewal rate at the time and our ability to incent maintenance plan customers to switch over to EBAs or product subscription with our maintenance to subscription program. 
 I'll now turn it over to Andrew to provide more details on the great results we saw in Q1. 
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks, Amar. The strong growth in total subscriptions is fueling growth in ARR. Subscription plan ARR surged 105% on a constant currency basis and reflects the strong uptakes of all our subscription plan offerings. Total ARR grew by over $100 million quarter-over-quarter and 20% over Q1 last year on a constant currency basis. And I'll point out that 40% of our total ARR is now driven by [indiscernible]. That's up from just 23% in Q1 last year and a clear indicator of the significant progress we're making. When we accelerated the transition away from perpetual licenses 2 years ago, we projected that subscription plan ARR would surpass maintenance plan during this fiscal year, and we are well underway to making that happen. 
 For the second consecutive quarter, we experienced a small sequential increase in total ARPS, primarily driven by ARPS growth in product subscription. It's still a little too early to project whether ARPS will grow sequentially in Q2 as ARPS is still sensitive to short-term shifts in term length, geo mix, product mix and promotions. Having said that, we remain confident that ARPS will be positively influenced in the second half of the year by less discounting and promotions to our legacy users as well as the impact of the maintenance to subscription program. 
 Each quarter, the vast majority of the subscription plan subs are added through traditional means. However, we continue to make meaningful progress in converting nonpaying users into subscribers. In Q1, we added 26,000 product subscriptions through another successful promo targeted at our legacy users. The Q1 promo offered a 30% discount on a 3-year subscription if they turned in their old perpetual license. It's the same type of promo that added 28,000 subs in Q1 last year with a 70% discount. 
 We're still finding that more than half of those participating in the promo are turning in licenses 7 years back or older. This further reinforces our view that there are a meaningful number of active users whose licenses are more than 5 years old and are interested in moving to the latest software. There continues to be over 2 million of these legacy users that are actively using our old perpetual license. Over time, we will convert a large portion of these users either through promotions like this, compelling new product introductions or through traditional means as their product becomes increasingly outdated over time. We're beginning to see this happen already. 
 The other large cohort of nonpaying users is the noncompliance or piracy base of roughly 12 million worldwide. We've made significant gains in being able to more accurately identify these noncompliant users, and we're just getting underway with programs to systematically pursue conversion to subscription. Driving more users to subscription directly aligns with another one of our transition-related initiatives to drive more business direct. Total direct revenue for the first quarter was 30% of total revenue. That's up from 25% in Q1 last year and just 19% 2 years ago. We continue to grow the volume of business with our large enterprise customers, and we're experiencing exceptional growth of over 300% with our eStore. We expect to continue to meaningfully grow both our direct enterprise and our eStore business as we go forward. 
 Now I'll close my section by talking a little bit more about the maintenance to subscription program because it was easily the most asked about topic over the past quarter. At the end of Q1, we had nearly 2 million maintenance plan customers, and we are going to encourage these customers to move to product subscription. We'd like them to do so sooner rather than later as product subscription provides them the greatest value with increased flexibility, support and access to our cloud products. Moving to a single model makes the most sense and will imminently simplify our customers' transactions with Autodesk. The M2S program kicks off with maintenance plan customers that come up for renewal starting on June 1, which is just a couple of weeks away. Along with greater value, loyalty pricing will be a big driver. As I discussed last quarter, all maintenance customers will be subject to a 5% price increase when they come up for renewal, and they can choose to move to product subscription for a loyalty discount of 60% less than the cost of a new product subscription and lock the price in for the following 2 years. This discount will decrease by 5% for each of the following 2 years, so the earlier a customer switches, the more they'll save. A maintenance plan customer can choose to stay on maintenance, but they will be subject to a 10% increase next year and a 20% increase the year after that. As such, we believe that there will be a relatively small number of maintenance plan customers by the end of FY '20, and we'll determine the best course of action for the subsequent renewal periods. 
 Since we announced this program a couple of months ago, we have been working with our partners to help them better understand the program. We've also provided them with some extra tools to help drive positive conversations with customers, and we are incentivizing the channel partners to upsell Collections, which would further enhance their cash flow. We're not making projections on [indiscernible] will move over this year or next but believe we will have a much smaller pool of maintenance customers by the time we get to the end of our fiscal year '20. 
 Now I'll turn it over to Scott for a closer look at some of the financials. 
Richard Herren: Thanks, Andrew. Once again, all of you should have the prepared remarks document which is the best source for our financial details. So I'm not going to walk through all of them, but I do want to hit on a couple of noteworthy items and then talk about our business outlook for fiscal '18. 
 Before I get into the numbers, I want to draw your attention to our new format for revenue reporting which greatly improves transparency. You'll now see 3 revenue lines: one for subscription, one for maintenance and one for license and other revenue. In this format, you'll no longer need the reconciliation table in our prepared remarks doc as all subscription revenue, which we used to call new model, will be reported in the subscription line, and all maintenance revenue will be reported in the maintenance line. Our remaining nonrecurring revenue will be reported as license and other revenue. In this new format, quarterly subscription revenue times 4 equals subscription ARR and quarterly maintenance revenue times 4 equals maintenance ARR. And you'll be better able to isolate nonrecurring revenues that will flow into the license and other revenue line. Note that one side effect of this change results in additional small legacy products being added into the ARR calculation. As a result, we have slightly adjusted the historical figures for ARR so that you have an apple-to-apples compare for our Q1 results and going forward. 
 This is an improvement we've been working on and many of you have been asking for, for quite a while, and I think we can all agree this is clear and more transparent. 
 Moving to spend management. We're proud that we've been able to drive strong growth in all of our important transition metrics while reducing our Q1 non-GAAP spend by 3%. We know that some of you have been skeptical of our ability to grow our business while keeping spend flat this year and next year, and we continue to achieve our goals by making sure that we're investing in critical elements of our transition while reducing spend in other areas, driving efficiencies throughout the company and divesting small noncore products. 
 During this stage of our transition, deferred revenue is a better measure of our business than reported revenue. Deferred revenue grew 18% against a really tough compare last year, when we were still selling multiyear maintenance contracts. As you know, we've discontinued multiyear maintenance sales in conjunction with the launch of the maintenance to subscription program. 
 You'll notice another new disclosure that we added this quarter for unbilled deferred revenue which we define simply as revenue that has been contractually committed by our customers but not yet billed and not included on our balance sheet. This is typically driven by our multiyear, large enterprise business agreements or EBAs. Historically, unbilled deferred revenue was an immaterial number but, as we move forward this year, we're planning on moving more of our enterprise customers to annual billings for their contracts which are typically 3-year commitments. We are providing visibility to our unbilled deferred revenue to give you a more holistic view of our quarterly results. 
 We remain aggressive with our stock buyback plan in Q1 and repurchased 2.2 million shares for a total of $192 million. That averages out to a little over $85 per share. The downside of our stock price at this level is we're not able to buy back quite as many shares, but we remain committed to offsetting dilution from equity plans and reducing our share count over time. 
 Overall, our strong Q1 results increased our confidence that the transition is working for our customers and our partners. It also sets us up for success for the rest of the year and reinforces our conviction in our fiscal '20 targets. 
 Turning to our outlook. Our view of the global economic conditions remains consistent with our view over the past several quarters, with most of the mature markets performing relatively well and little change in the emerging markets. As we look at our outlook for the second quarter, we expect a seasonal decrease in subscription additions in Q2, consistent with what we've seen in the last 2 years. Remember that Q1 sub adds have the added benefit from a seasonally strong EBAs sold in the prior quarter and the legacy promo. While we're pleased with our execution of the current business trends and have confidence in our ability to drive results, we're taking an appropriately conservative approach and leaving the full year fiscal '18 outlook unchanged at this point.  
 Finally, I want to provide an update on our CEO transition. The board is currently in the process of vetting external candidates as well as both Andrew and Amar. We don't have any other updates on the CEO selection process other than to say it's a top priority for the board and is progressing as planned. In the meantime, we continue to execute very well through the transition. And Andrew and Amar have the board's full confidence to lead the company to ongoing success.
 To wrap things up, we've executed well over the past several quarters, and we're looking forward to building on this [ success ] through fiscal '18 and work toward our fiscal '20 goals and beyond. 
 Operator, we'd now like to open up the call for questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs. 
Mark Grant: This is Mark Grant on for Heather, just a quick one from me. You mentioned that the maintenance renewals were a little better in the quarter than you've seen in recent trends. Was there a possibility in the quarter that you had maintenance renewal kind of pull-forward, customers coming forward and trying to renew maintenance ahead of the maintenance-to-subscription transition? And then a quick follow-up to that is, on the full year guide, the reason for not raising the full year guide after such a great quarter. 
Amar Hanspal: Yes, so on the maintenance question, maintenance was better than expected really. I think kind of -- we had a small pool of renewals, and I think most of our customers who renewed were really trying to line up with the maintenance-to-subscription transition, and we didn't see any unnatural pull-forward into the quarter. And it was better than expected, and we expect to continue to do well with the renewal rates because we are paying a lot of attention to it. 
Richard Herren: Yes, and on the second part of your question on the full year guide, we've executed well over the last several quarters and certainly executed well in Q1. And it's given us increased confidence as -- that both the transition is working for our customers but it's also working for our partners, and we feel good about where we are at this point in the year. But there's a long way to go. It's 90 days into a full year. At this point, I think it's appropriate to be prudent with the guide for the full year. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next comes from the line of Phil Winslow with Wells Fargo. 
Philip Winslow: A question for Andrew and Scott. Going back to the maintenance because, obviously, just overall subscriber comp growth was way ahead of people's expectations, and the maintenance decline was definitely less than what we were expecting. Curious because obviously there were a lot of changes going on, on pricing but wonder if you can comment on just the feedback you're getting from customers and sort of the early thoughts on sort of how you expect this to play out? I know you're not giving specific guidance but maybe kind of help us, walk us through what you're hearing and how you're thinking about that. 
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, Phil. This is Andrew. Let me talk to it. So first off, let me remind you how we structured this program so we can put some of the feedback in context. It's a multiyear program. We rolled out 3 years' worth of changes in the customer base so that they could actually get a lot of visibility to what they could expect over the next few years. The first year is modest price increases. The program starts June 1, and they're going to see a 5% price increase. So whether you're a maintenance customer that really wants to stay on maintenance or wants to move to subscription now, you're really going to renew and move forward and take -- you're going to take an action, a positive action, because you've got a year to think about it. And what we're going to be doing in that year is we're going to be collecting the customer reaction, and we're also going to be demonstrating to the customers more explicitly why there is more value in the subscription world. The value is going to show up just in the nature of the offering, we've talked about the access control and insights. 
 We're also going to be adding a lot more value related to bringing the cloud much closer to the subscription offering. So we've given the customers lots of runway. We expected there was going to be different types of reactions to the program, which is one of the reasons why we built in this year for people to digest what we're doing. So as we've rolled it out, we've gotten reaction from some of our larger customers where they're just looking at it and they're going, "We were going to move to subscription anyway," or "We're going to move to an EBA, so we're going to probably move forward with the lowest price possible." Our smaller customers are where we've gotten the most noise. And essentially, they're concerned about losing access to their perpetual software. That's why we've got the 1 year cooling off period for us to absorb this feedback, for us to engage with these customers and for us to really prove to them that not only are they moving to a better, higher-value offering but we're going to protect them as they move forward. So that's where we're at right now, and I wouldn't expect anything else to change. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Saket Kalia from Barclays. 
Saket Kalia: Actually, maybe I'll start with you, Scott. So subscription ARPS, to the point earlier, saw a second quarter of sequential growth here. You've talked about this being a little bit of a volatile metric because of the mix in the past. Do you feel like we're getting to a point where some of the higher-priced subscriptions are really having a structural impact on that ARPS number where we could see a little bit more stability in that metric going forward? 
Andrew Anagnost: This is Andrew. I'm going to take that one, all right? As we've said, this metric is highly, highly sensitive to mix. It's highly sensitive not only to product mix but also the geo mix whether it's emerging or mature markets. And what we said consistently, and we're sticking to it, is as we move into the second half of the year, we're going to start to see that metric trend up. And we're not changing that assessment, we're not changing that guidance. I want to remind you, though, about some of the things that are going to keep pushing that up. One, we're going to be absorbing that maintenance-to-subscription price increase, the 5% that pushes into the ecosystem, so that's going to trend that up a bit. You're also going to see some core price increases, and the move to collections is going to put upward pressure on that. We're also going to see the decrease in discounts. Remember, with a discount this round, it was a fraction of what it was in previous years on our legacy programs, you're going to see that. But you're also going to see the mix in mature and emerging change which is going to -- have put some positive pressure. As we're more successful in the cloud, you're going to see downward pressure. So those are the factors that are going to be affecting this as we move into the second half of the year, but we're holding to the statement we made previously, you're going to see a trend up as we move through the second half. 
Saket Kalia: Got it, that's very helpful. And then maybe for my follow-up, maybe for you, Amar. It felt like in some of your prepared commentary that some of the competitive wins sounded just a little bit stronger this quarter. Can you just talk, maybe qualitatively, about any competitive metrics that you look at, whether that's win rates or competitive conversions, talk to us a little bit about maybe how you felt competitively this quarter maybe versus others. 
Amar Hanspal: Yes, Saket, great question, thanks. We definitely are feeling very positive about how we are positioned in this industry and how we are driving change. Our investment, our strategy of using the cloud to drive a new paradigm in both the billing industry as well as the manufacturing industry is really paying off. In manufacturing in particular, with Fusion and the changes we are driving in getting industrial additive manufacturing and concepts like generative design, the customers are really paying a lot of attention in adopting those ideas from us in a big way and, in many cases, at the expense of our competition. In fact, many of our Fusion 360 wins this quarter, in fact, in an increasing rate, are coming at the expense of our competition. They're leaving their sort of old, 20-year-old CAD systems and starting to adopt the paradigm we are putting forward with Fusion, which connects CAD to CAM to CAE with data management built in. So in manufacturing, we really feel like the customer base is searching for the next paradigm, and they're starting to really turn to Fusion and adopt it in response to that. Likewise, in the building industry, the big sort of competitive push and success that we're seeing is really in construction, where I would say actually a major competitor has been paper in some ways; that they are moving from an analog to a digital way of working. And we've been leading the way in using cloud and mobile to drive a construction management and BIM management process for this customer. So we're definitely feeling both those vectors of manufacturing and construction growing at a really fast pace, and we feel very good about where we are positioned in both industries. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. 
Jackson Ader: It's Jackson Ader on for Sterling tonight. A couple of questions from us, the first being in the revenue by product family, it looks like AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT actually grew year-over-year as far as the major segments are concerned. Any particular reason that, that returned to growth in the quarter whereas AEC and Manufacturing are still down year-over-year? 
Richard Herren: Yes, Jack, when you look at that, you got to reflect back on what was happening in Q1 a year ago. It was our first quarter without selling any perpetual licenses on AutoCAD and LT. And you'll remember, when we ended that sale at the end of the prior quarter in Q4, there were some buy-ahead activities we had with AutoCAD and LT Q1 a year ago, so the compare point was a little bit artificially low with some demand pulled backward into the prior year. That's part of what contributed to it. I would say we're seeing very strong uptake, though, for both AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT and the LT family with product subscriptions, so it's a combination of both. 
Amar Hanspal: Right. And what I'd add to what Scott just said, it's one of the -- we are seeing subscription working everywhere around the world. One of the geographies which really did well for us sequentially is APAC. And APAC has always been a strong contributor to the AutoCAD and LT result, and that's sort of reflected in the numbers you're seeing. The other thing I would say, you made a comment about AEC and Manufacturing, I'll just take this opportunity to say, in Manufacturing, one other thing that is going on is that our Delcam business moved from a perpetual license business to a subscription business over these quarters, and that's sort of reflected in those numbers. So I would say the Manufacturing numbers, the downward trend of that is exaggerated because of that shift of revenue from upfront to ratable, but I think we're performing strongly across all industries and feel very good about where we are. 
Jackson Ader: Okay, great. And then, actually, since you mentioned geographies, for my follow-up, it appears that at least on a revenue basis, year-over-year Americas did a little bit better than the other major geographies. Is that also true as far as bookings are concerned? Or was there just a little bit of some noise in the revenue for the regions? 
Richard Herren: Yes, Jack, we actually did well in all regions. I think that it's one thing to look at it year-on-year, if you look at it sequentially, we actually did well in Americas, in Europe and in APAC. And as Amar just pointed out, actually, seemed to have at least found the bottom in APAC and don't have the same headwinds that we had for most of this year last year there. So it didn't -- there's nothing that stands out that was particularly strong or particularly weak in any of the 3 geos. It was good performance across the board. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Question #1, perhaps for Andrew and Amar, is if you could talk about the role of distribution or distributors in your future -- how do you see their role in terms of fulfillment, license management, et cetera. And as well, could you talk about the effects of any past or prospective pricing changes that you've put through distribution? In other words, you've changed the pricing for VARs, looking to purchase directly from the company versus perhaps more favorable pricing if they buy through distribution instead. And then, secondly, in the first quarter, it would appear that Collections, at least in the indirect business, were a smaller percentage of the business than the former Suites had been. Could you verify that? And how are you thinking about the progression of Collections as a percentage of your business as you go through the rest of the year? 
Andrew Anagnost: All right. So Jay, that was a multipart question, so let me kind of approach each one of these one at a time. So look, when it comes to VARs and distribution in our future, let's be very clear, our business is going to be bigger and the size of the pie that the VARs are going to get, the size of the business that they're going be able to participate will be bigger as well. We are going to be doing more business direct through major accounts and direct through the eStore, but we are absolutely going to be providing a bigger business to our indirect partners as well as we move forward. Now your question with regard to pricing to VADs and VARs and things of this -- we are constantly evolving and changing our frameworks and changing the pricings and the things that go through the framework to optimize what things are going on. 
 I'm not going to comment on any specific pricing strategy we put out there in the system, but we're always doing that to optimize how we distribute and deliver the software to the customers. And your last question about Collections. So first off, let's talk about where the overall strategy is going with Collections. It's absolutely our goal to ensure that our new customers are moving to Collections versus buying standalone products. And as you know, as we light up the maintenance-to-subscription program in June, there's going to be a major push to move those customers over to Collections. Those activities are brewing and gestational right now. But with regard to the Collections result, we're actually really happy where we're at. The volume runway in Q1 is equivalent to the Suites runway in the same period a year ago, and that's exactly where we want to be. And in a short period of time, we basically dialed back up to that run rate, and that's right where we should be. But as we move forward into the year, you're going to see Collections contributions go up more and more throughout the year. But right now, we're exactly where we expect to be. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. 
Keith Weiss: I was wondering if you could -- you talked a little bit about sort of better renewal rates on the NIM side of the equation. I wonder if you can give us any sort of a viewpoint on sort of the renewal rates on the new model subs or the subscription subs, if you will? You have a little time under your belt. How would those come in? And in particular, how do those look relative to sort of what you see in your maintenance base? 
Amar Hanspal: Yes, Keith. Look, renewal rates were strong across-the-board. I mean, the product subscription rates were right in line with our expectations. In terms of comparing maintenance to product subscriptions, I mean one thing to keep in mind is one of the benefits of the product subscription is customers can switch things on and off, and some are monthly and some are quarterly product subscribers. So we don't really break the renewal rates out by subscription type, but we are pleased with where product subscriptions ended up, and this continues to be a big focus area for us for the remainder of the year. 
Keith Weiss: Got it. And then for my second question, and then to continue the line of questioning that Jay was drilling down on the reseller channel. Now that we're fully on a subscription model, can you tell us a little bit about sort of what the incentives are? Like what does the incentive program look like for the channel in broad strokes? Is it on ARR? Is it on subscription? Can you give us some kind of indication of where you took that now that it's not going to be kind of a revenue-based model anymore? 
Andrew Anagnost: Actually, you know what -- this is Andrew. So you know what, the incentives we put into the system for partners are aligned with the kind of outcomes we want with subscription. So first off, we're obviously going to incent them to encourage a customer to look at a collection because, obviously, that's something we really want the customer to consider, and we think that's the right path for them moving forward and the best path to the future. But we also want to incent adoption and renewal activity. So we actually put incentives into the system to ensure that the partners are making sure that the customers are actually using the software because like Amar said, when you're on a subscription model, you can turn -- you can start and stop if you want. So we want the partners to guarantee that the customers are actually adopting things. So we're putting incentives into the system like that to drive that kind of behavior. 
Amar Hanspal: Yes, I agree. And Keith, I'll just add that, over time, you'll see us continuing to optimize our incentive structure to drive the kind of results and outcomes that we want. Subscription is obviously the big focus for us right now, driving Collections is a big focus for us right now and certainly making sure that our renewal rates are right where we want it to be in. I think we are using our classic combination of front- and back-end discounts to get those results. To Jay's earlier comment with the distribution channel, that's another place where we've been sort of just optimizing our relationships and our incentive structure to get the right results, again, to drive this overall recurring revenue and subscription business that we're getting the channel oriented around. 
Keith Weiss: Got it. Just to be clear, I mean, is it fair to say that in terms of whether or not a partner hit plan or not hit plan -- kind of their quota, if you will, does ARR replace revenues? Or is it just -- there's a whole collection of things they got to [ page in there ] ? 
Amar Hanspal: Keith, can you say that again? You said ARR, and then we lost the second part of the question. 
Keith Weiss: So in terms of sort of like from a headline number for partners, you guys sit down and do your business reviews, is there a version of a quarter? Like when they hit plan, does ARR replace what revenues used to be? They used to have to hit a revenue target, now they have to hit an ARR target or is it a little more complicated than that? 
Andrew Anagnost: Keith, our engagement with VARs is very simple. We talk about billings numbers with them and the billings outcomes with them and the annualized contract value. We don't try to do ARR compensation models with our partner channel, that would be far too complicated for them to not only engage with but actually for them to measure and react to. So we keep that very simple because we want to grease their transactional ability. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Gregg Moskowitz from Cowen and Company. 
Gregg Moskowitz: Wondering if you could add any commentary on the mix of LT subscriptions this quarter as compared with both AutoCAD and the AutoCAD vertical subscriptions? 
Richard Herren: Yes, Gregg, LT continues to be the volume part of the business. It was in the perpetual license world, it is in the product subscription world. We're not seeing a significant shift in the mix of LT either going as a higher percent on a volume basis or a lower percent. LT and AutoCAD kind of continue to hold serve at the level they were. 
Gregg Moskowitz: Sorry, Amar. Go ahead. 
Amar Hanspal: I was just going to say I mean I think we saw a strength across all products, including the verticals as well as -- the vertical products and 3D vertical products. So there wasn't a single standout product that was driving subs, we saw strength across the board. 
Gregg Moskowitz: Okay, perfect. And then just a question for Andrew. I find it really interesting that you got essentially the same amount of legacy nonsubscriber conversions this quarter at a 30% discount as you did a year ago at a 70% discount, and that you're still seeing half of the conversions at an aging that is 7 years or older. So the question is, in the past, you've spoken about a 30% conversion rate on licenses that were 5 years old or less. Is there any reason why the conversion percentage can't be a lot higher than that? 
Andrew Anagnost: Look, we're going to continue to convert at very high rates. Let's make sure that we're clear on exactly how we're going to be converting the customers. The promos are only one measure of our conversion success. It's a 3-pronged strategy we're looking at to bring these customers in. One is the pace of functionality that we update in the existing product so that the ecosystem becomes very much out-of-date very quickly for a customer that stays off the current release. The other aspect of the things that we're doing is entangling the cloud value so deeply into the subscription offering that the customers are really compelled to get that value captured and integrated in their processes. More and more, the cloud offerings are going to become supercritical to what our customers do, and that's going to get deeply entangled into the subscription offering. The last bit was these legacy promos and these offerings that we use. These are not the -- that's not the absolute measure of legacy conversion we do; just the fact that we're doing the kinds of net adds that you see here means that we're dipping into these nonsubscriber bases. We're going to continue to do it, and we're going to continue to do it at reasonable rates. And I think the program's working exactly as we expected it to. 
Amar Hanspal: Yes, Gregg, one of the things that we are pleased with is that we didn't have to discount aggressively to get the kind of subs result that we saw. And as Andrew mentioned, I mean, I think, in some ways, the net adds number is becoming a better indicator of how well we are converting our overall opportunity than any individual promotion to reach this legacy base because, as Andrew said, at some level there's a network effect being built as our new products roll out and customers want to be current, and many of them self-select into the buying a new subscription to be current. So I think overall, we're seeing the promo work, we're seeing new net subs go up because of the new product subs rising. So I think we're doing well with that opportunity. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ken Wong with Citigroup. 
Kenneth Wong: Scott, I know you guys mentioned flat total spend for the year. But how should we think about the trajectory of sales and marketing once you guys launch the maintenance to subs program? Will that tick up meaningfully? 
Richard Herren: I don't think so, Ken. I mean you saw that for the first quarter, we actually posted a decline in spend of about 3% during Q1. Obviously, for us to be flat for the year, it's not going to stay at minus 3% throughout the year. So I would expect to see slight increases going forward but that still comes in at flat for the year. There's no particular swing between categories as we roll out maintenance to subscription. Maintenance to subs is obviously a huge focus, both for our sales team and for our channel. I don't see that driving any particular bump in expense. 
Kenneth Wong: Yes, got it. And then just a follow-up on just receivables. So it was -- I guess, it was down a pretty good amount from what it was last year. Could you remind us if something last year drove up accounts receivable collections much more than typical? 
Richard Herren: Yes. What drives receivables, of course, is linearity in the quarter, right? It's what gets sold during the quarter, in the last month because we -- in most cases, we bill in that 30. So we had a very linear quarter this quarter. If you look at our DSOs this quarter, they were below 45 -- I think, 43 days -- whereas the last quarter, it was a much more back end-loaded quarter. So just think of linearity during the quarter, there's nothing else that's happening that would skew that one way or another. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan from Bank of America. 
Unknown Analyst: This is [ Shankar ] for Kash. I have a question on the maintenance conversion. So my understanding is that if a maintenance customer is currently using an LT or AutoCAD product, he would most likely shift to an LT or AutoCAD product in subscription if and when the customer converts. So in that context, can you elaborate how -- also with the discount you are offering, how else are you incentivizing the customer to adopt collections? Geography and mix as well, how customers... 
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. So remember, the main -- the way the program is structured is that the customer that's moving at the time can move like-for-like, they can move LT to LT or AutoCAD to AutoCAD, but they're never going to get a better price to move to a collection than they will at that point. The discount on collection that they get is the same 60% discount they get moving like-for-like. So there's a strong incentive in the system, especially for an AutoCAD customer, to consider a collection -- probably less so for an LT customer but definitely for an AutoCAD customer. And what we've done is we've armed our partner channels all across the world with basically a tool that lets them sit down with a customer and say, hey, here are your options. Here's what happens if you move now. Here's what happens if you move next year. And by the way, if you move to a collection, this is the price you lock in and this is the value you get with regards to the product offerings. So we've put a lot of work into educating the channel in particular, in how to have a conversation with the customer in terms of moving up to a collection. 
Amar Hanspal: And what I'd add to that, this is a play our partners know how to do. And this is a -- it's not just an incentive for the customers; our partners really take advantage of this one-time opportunity to move their customers to a higher recurring revenue base. And I think they're really focused on that opportunity right now. 
Unknown Analyst: Got it. Just a follow-up question, you mentioned about the smaller customers having an issue with the subscription plan, and you're working with them. Could you elaborate the feedback you've received on potential price increases that could happen post fiscal '20? Is there any pushback in there, or what's the strategy? 
Andrew Anagnost: Look, like I said, the feedback, the negative feedback we got was exactly what we've expected. Look, when you announce to a customer that their maintenance prices are going to be going up over a 3-year period, you expect to get some feedback that's not necessarily positive. It has primarily been from the smaller customers. And when you look at their main issue, it doesn't come down to maintenance versus subscription. They recognize that the program we put in place puts reasonable price increases in for them and they get -- they love the loyalty program. What they're worried about is giving up their perpetual license. So what we over this next year -- and by the way, it is over this next year because they're obviously going to renew at a 5% increase -- is essentially show the customers in these small accounts that moving to subscription is a more valuable path for them and something that helps them accomplish what they need to do more effectively. We're committed to doing that, and that's really going to be the essence of our response to these customers, is delivering the value they're expecting to see and helping them understand exactly what they get when they move to subscription. 
Amar Hanspal: I mean I think one thing you'll notice in talking to our partners, when we first announced this program and got a bunch of reaction and then as our customers started talking to our partners, I mean a lot of that concern has started to die down because of all the things that Andrew said; is that our customers are starting to understand better the value proposition of subscription and the kind of pricing model that we're putting in. So I think that there was a little bit of a kerfuffle when we made the announcement but that is really starting to mute, and customers are much more comfortable with the path that we have put forward. 
Unknown Analyst: If I may just ask one more just as a follow-up to that, is there any difference in the geography, call it, the U.S. versus Europe versus Asia, is there any difference on how customers reacted? 
Andrew Anagnost: No. The reaction is fairly uniform. I mean, obviously, you get some small variations, but it's really uniform. And it's very similar to the reaction we got when we announced the end of perpetuals. It's playing out exactly the same way, and we're going to go through the exact same process. But there's no particular geography or country that's showing any more propensity to be concerned. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Steve Koenig from Wedbush Securities. 
Steven Koenig: I'm going to try to bunch the 2 questions maybe at once because they're kind of related. So I guess, first, to what extent are your -- are your plans for the discounts that you'll offer on subscriptions under the M2S program next year and the year after, are those pretty much hardwired? Or might you change those? And kind of a related question is, I understand you're not prepared to give the guide yet on the M2S program, the volumes that you'll get out of the M2S program, and that's sensible that you're not ready yet to do that. But to what -- can you give us color on to what extent do your fiscal '20 targets depend on the price increases that you'll effectively get from the maintenance customers and the converting customers? 
Andrew Anagnost: So I'm going to answer part of that, and then I'm going to let Scott speak to the other part of it. So with regards to the maintenance to subscription program, look, we've rolled out the program, we've created visibility, we told them they're getting a 60% discount, that discount goes down by 5% every year as they -- depending on what year they move. It's our intent to stick to that program and stick to that -- I think, we think it's an excellent program, it's an excellent level of discount. There's really no reason to change that. So I don't anticipate any change in the actual rules of the program. 
Richard Herren: Yes, I agree with that, Steve, and to your second question, there's an interesting effect. If you look at the price increases built into maintenance to subscription, the longer someone stays on maintenance, of course, they incur higher price increases, the more they contribute to ARR. So there's a bit of a reverse -- it's a bit counterintuitive. So there's no dependency on a very rapid shift over. In fact, the slower it goes, actually, it boosts ARR a bit as it moves along. So there's no significant dependency on the model on them. 
Steven Koenig: Well, may I clarify then, Scott: Have you assumed in your long-term guide a rapid -- a fairly rapid shift over, so that there's a fairly minimal price boost? Or does the long-term guide require that a significant number of customers stay on maintenance? 
Richard Herren: Yes. Our long-term targets -- not guide, our long-term targets do assume that it shifts over and that the majority do shift over. But I don't want to get into any of the details on what that looks like. There's -- like I said, there's an interesting play in terms of the rate and pace that they move and the effect that has on the model. And we've -- as with most of the metrics in the model, Steve, we try to be somewhat conservative on those. 
Andrew Anagnost: Steve, we have a clear goal to get as much of that maintenance base moved over to subscription by FY '20 as we possibly can. 
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Ken Talanian from Evercore ISI. 
Kenneth Talanian: So you had a nice downtick in expenses in this quarter, and I was wondering if you could walk us through some of your key initiatives to continue to contain expenses. And what elements might cause you to perform better than your current guidance on that front? 
Richard Herren: Sure, Ken. Just to be clear, we typically always see a sequential downtick in spend from Q4 to Q1. Q4, as the year ends, there's a lot of true-ups that happen on variable compensation plans, on commissions. It's the quarter that we have our AU event which also drives some expense. So normal seasonality, you'd expect a decline from Q4 to Q1. The rate of that decline, in some ways, depends on how successful we were in the prior year because commissions are not an insignificant part of that decline. So it's not a -- while it is a sequential decline, it's not an unexpected sequential decline from Q4 to Q1. Amar, if you want to touch on how we're managing spend. 
Amar Hanspal: Yes. So Ken, what I'd add is, look, our outlook for the year on spend remains unchanged because we've instituted operational rigor and discipline and continue to make very hard choices in investing in the right areas to drive the transition and divesting sort of noncore projects and noncore activities and just keep a tight focus on managing spend. So our outlook for the year is unchanged, and I think we're making all the right decisions in terms of ensuring that the transition remains on track. And some of the things that we've decided to divest, we had a bunch of consumer products, for example, last year, that are not material to the transition. We make choices like that to divest, and that's given us some of the fuel we need to keep driving the transition forward. 
Kenneth Talanian: Okay, great. And as a follow-up, I realize it's early, but could you give us a sense to how to think about what the price increases might look like in the years following the initial 3-year subscription discount that folks will be locking in? Will it -- I mean, directionally, could you expect it to be on par with the subscription price absent that discount, or might it even be more? 
Andrew Anagnost: Ken, we've been very explicit in the program where the customer pops up to the terminal discount price of the program. So the maintenance subscription program lasts 3 years and, at the end of that third year, there's a particular discount. That's the price that everybody trues up to when they exit the program -- which, by the way, is the right thing to do with regard to incenting the customer to not only give up their perpetual license but feel comfortable with the move to subscription. 
Kenneth Talanian: And is that for EBAs as well or just product and collections? 
Andrew Anagnost: EBAs are a totally different process. So when a customer moves to an EBA, they've moved off of maintenance to a consumption model. And remember, for all of these things, with regards to the way we rolled out the prices, the way we manage the price increases at the terminal point, our goal is to maximize the value of that maintenance base. And that is all about minimizing the churn out of those customers that are in that base. We feel like we've created a program that balances both the price uplift and the churn factors that guide us in maximizing the value of that base. That's what's driving all of this. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Monika Garg with Pacific Crest. 
Monika Garg: I guess, first question, one question which we get quite often is that CAD seems like a low-growth market but your target of 20% subscription growth means you need to add somewhere between 850,000 to 900,000 new subscriptions every year. So can you maybe walk through the math to achieve that? 
Andrew Anagnost: There's a fundamental thing we've been telling people over and over again with regard to how this is sort of going to work. First off, the move to subscription has reset the price points for design software pretty dramatically. So what we're seeing is we're seeing increased demand for our offerings just by virtue of the fact that the upfront costs are so much lower. Then there's a couple of other factors that play out here in terms of hitting those long-term subscription targets; one is the nonsubscriber base we've been talking about over and over again throughout the last few years, those customers moving forward, the other -- which is a 2 million-plus base of people. The other base is the 12 million pirate base that is going to move from pirated software to subscriptions. We know -- we understand that base, we know how to move them forward. But the more important factor as we look over a 5-year period is the market expansion we're going to see with the delivery of the cloud application in both construction and manufacturing. The move to the cloud, especially in the manufacturing space, is starting a share shift away from our competitors to our offerings. When you add all of those things together, the 20% subscription growth target is quite achievable, and it's achievable not only from growing off our existing core but expanding into these new markets in construction and manufacturing. 
Amar Hanspal: Yes, Monika, I'd just also take this opportunity to say we've always been the volume leader in the industries that we serve, and we continue to do that. We continue to drive, as Andrew said, share shift now increasingly in manufacturing from traditional CAD CAM systems over to new cloud-based disruptive systems like Fusion. And with the adoption of BIM, the adoption of construction solutions, they all expand our opportunity. And so in combination with the license compliance, the legacy opportunity and just the organic volume we see through job growth in the industries, I think we feel -- we remain confident in our goals that we set ourselves. 
Monika Garg: Okay. Then as a follow-up, could you share the split of subscriptions between EBAs, cloud and product subs? 
Amar Hanspal: Well, the one -- so I'd say we don't give it at that level of granularity. The one number we have shared is the number of EBA subscriptions in this quarter was 44,000. And that's really -- we sold a bunch of EBAs in Q4, we watch how they get used and adopted or how many users in those accounts adopt our EBA solutions. And then -- so then 90 days later, we count the subscriptions. So that number was 44,000. At this point, we're not prepared to sort of break out cloud and product subs. But look, as we've said, our strategy is working, our business model transition, platform transition is working, subscription is working everywhere, so we saw strength across all those product -- all those subscription types. 
Operator: And that concludes our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn things back over to Dave Gennarelli for any closing comments. 
David Gennarelli: Thanks, operator. We'll be at the JPMorgan conference in Boston next Tuesday and the Canaccord one-on-one conference in Toronto next Thursday. We'll be at the Berenberg and the NASDAQ conferences in London on June 14 and 15, respectively. And lastly, we're holding investors and analysts at AU London on June 21. So please let me know if you'd like to be attending that event as well. So for anything else, you can reach me at (415) 507-6033. Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2017-03-02 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Gennarelli - Investor Relations Amarpreet Hanspal - Senior Vice President and Co Chief Executive Officer of Products Andrew Anagnost - Co Chief Executive Officer, Senior Vice President of Business Strategy and Marketing, Chief Marketing Officer Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc. Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Inc. Philip Winslow - Wells Fargo Securities LLC Kenneth Wong - Citigroup Kash Rangan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. Rob Oliver - Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc. Gal Munda - Berenberg Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Autodesk Incorporated Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we will conduct the question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the floor over to David Gennarelli, Head of Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
David Gennarelli: Thanks, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our fourth quarter of full-year FY2017. On the line are Co-CEO's, Amarpreet Hanspal and Andrew Anagnost; and Scott Herren, our CFO. Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. As noted in our press release, we have published our prepared remarks on our website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments and we will not repeat them on this call. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the anticipated future performance of the Company such as our guidance for the first quarter and full-year fiscal 2018, our long-term financial model guidance, the factors we use to estimate our guidance including currency headwinds, our transition to new business models, our customer value, cost structure, our market opportunities and strategies and trends for various products, geographies and industries. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time-to-time with the SEC, specifically our Form 10-K for the fiscal year 2016, our Form 10-Q for the period ended October 31, 2016 and our current reports on Form 8-K, including the 8-K filed with today's press release and prepared remarks. Those documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today's call, but we will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today's press release, prepared remarks, and on the Investor Relations section of our website. We will quote a number of numeric or growth changes as we discuss our financial performance, unless otherwise noted each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Amar.
Amarpreet Hanspal: Thanks Dave. We rounded out a fantastic year with strong fourth quarter results. New model ARR grew 109% at constant currency. New model subscriptions grew by a record 227,000 sequentially. Recurring revenue jumped to 84% of total revenue and we are beginning to see meaningful volume in our cloud services. It's clear that we are making real progress in our two major initiatives, growing lifetime customer value by moving customers to the subscription model and increasing adoption of our cloud-based solutions. Let's dive into the numbers a little more. For the quarter, we added 154,000 net subscriptions bringing the total additions for the year to 530,000. Total subscriptions at the end of the year stood at 3.11 million, an increase of 21%. We are really pleased with the continued momentum of new model subscription additions, which grew more than 3.5 times as compared to Q4 of last year. Bear in mind, we accomplished this without having a significant promotion in the market during Q4, so we are really pleased with the overall demand for product subscriptions. Taking a closer look at new models subscription, once again product subscriptions drove the majority of the new model sub-addition as will likely be the case in most quarters. New customers represented about a third of our new product subscriptions for the quarter, which is a consistent trend we've been seeing. These new customers come from mix of market expansion, growth in emerging countries, former pirates and people who may have been using an alternate design or simulation tool. It's clear that a subscription model is broadening our market opportunity. We are experiencing continued success with the EBA program in our enterprise named accounts. EBA subscription additions more than doubled over Q4 last year and total EBA subs grew over 40% for the year. Q4 has always been our biggest quarter for signing large transactions with our enterprise customers and this quarter was no exception. We signed nearly 70 deals worth more than $1 million and over 50 of these were EBAs. The EBA deal volume was up 50% over Q4 of last year and this is a clear sign that we are successfully and effectively moving our biggest customers to the new model. It's important to remember that these EBAs help drive subscription growth going forward. Since we introduced EBAs customer that are moved from our older license agreement to the token-based EBA have resulted in subscriptions nearly three times higher than before. Keep in mind, that most of the EBAs we signed up in Q4, won't start contributing to the subs account under Q1 of this year consistent with prior years. Our product subscriptions in EBA subscriptions are the business model transition part of our story. The third component of our new model subscription is our cloud products. This is a TAM expansion part of our transition and we continue to build on our leadership in the cloud. We had a record quarter for the cloud, adding three times more cloud subscriptions than in any other quarter in our history. Cloud subscription was driven by BIM 360. Our BIM management and collaboration tool closely followed by Fusion, our cloud-based designs, simulation, and fabrication tool. For the year, cloud subscriptions grew more than 150%. BIM 360 continues to gain momentum with big wins at large construction companies. A perfect example of this is a multi-million dollar Q4 deal with a large U.S. based contractor. Historically, this customer had been a relatively minor user of some of our design tools like Revit, AutoCAD and Navisworks. Over the past couple of years, they've been expanding the deployment and utilization of BIM 360 and their new contract covers an 8,000 subscription mix of BIM 360, Field, Glue and Docs to be used in 95% of their projects. More than anything else this transaction illustrates strengthening alignment with builders and contractors enabling us to reach parts of the $10 trillion construction market like never before. I also want to note that in Q4, we launched Fusion Ultimate which provides enterprise level customers access to advanced design, simulation and manufacturing capabilities. The list price for an annual subscription to Fusion Ultimate is $1500 which includes consumption credits and this provides us with new opportunities to continue to introduce cutting edge products to our customers, now partly offsetting the growth in new model subscriptions with the expected decline in maintenance subscription. The fourth quarter has long had the biggest pool of renewal opportunities, so with the maintenance renewal rates similar to our recent trends and no new maintenance agreements being sold, the sequential step up in attrition was as expected. As we said in the past, we expect to see ongoing declines in maintenance subscriptions going forward. Now the rate of decline will vary based on the number of subscriptions that come up for renewal, the renewal rate at the time and our ability to incent maintenance customers to switch over to EBAs or to products subscription. And that's a perfect segway for me to turn things over to Andrew to talk about ARR and ARPS. Importantly, Andrew will also cover our new program to incent those maintenance customers to move to subscription. Andrew?
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks, Amar. When we started the business model transition, we indicated the subscription growth was a key metric for tracking our progress. Clearly we feel good about the trends we are seeing with subscription, but ultimately if the growth in ARR that will enable us to achieve our free cash flow goals. So we are happy to report the trends we are seeing in both are positive. New model ARR growth surged to 109% on a constant currency basis and reflects the continued strong uptake of all of our new model subscription offerings. The total ARR grew 19% of constant currency and about one-third of our total ARR is now driven by new model subscription. That's up from just 19% in Q4 of last year and it's a clear indicator of significant progress we’ve made this year. You might also recall at the Investor Day, I said that we would start to see ARPS trending up in the second half of the FY2018. In Q4 2017, we did experience a sequential increase in ARPS, but this does not indicate a permanent trend or an inflection point. As you recall in Q1 and Q3 we had a successful legacy promo which brought in a lot of subscriptions at lower ARPS. We did not run a promo in Q4 and that positively impacted ARPS. Going forward, the ARPS calculation will continue to be extremely sensitive to short-term shifts and term length, geo mix, promotions et cetera. We expect to see ARPS walk up or down on a quarterly basis and it will not increase monotonically throughout the year. Now I want to pick up where Amar left off regarding our maintenance subscription base and build on my comments from Investor Day. At the end of Q4, we had just over 2 million maintenance subscriptions. Starting today we are starting taking a number of steps to encourage these customers to move the product subscription and to do so sooner rather than later. We want the best for these customers and product subscription provide them the greatest value and access to our offerings. So let me get into the information that you've been asking for since we talked about this in Investor Day. Information we just communicated to our customers and channel partners this morning. Beginning in June, maintenance customers can move to product subscription for a loyalty discount of 60% less than the cost of a new product subscription. This discount will decrease by 5% for each of the following two years, so the earlier the customer switches the more they'll safe. This discount allows the maintenance customers to move to subscription at a 5% increase over their current price and lock that price in for three years in exchange for turning in their perpetual license. A maintenance customer can choose the stay on maintenance, but they will be subject to a 5% increase this year, a 10% increase in FY2019 and a 20% increase in FY2020. In addition, maintenance customers will no longer be able to purchase multi-year contracts. So why these customers going to move, product subscription offers the greatest value to our customers that provide increased flexibility, support and access to our cloud products and the loyalty pricing will be a big driver. This program wins all the right elements, a customer friendly element with the loyalty price and the pressure driver of the maintenance price increases. It's a simple program, partners know how to run it, the sales force knows how to run it, and they're highly motivated to do it well. Beyond that, the program offers our customers the most attractive pricing for moving to collections they will ever see and we expect many customers to move their standalone maintenance fees to collections. And it also important to remember that the maintenance customer will be subject to a 5% increase this year whether they take advantage of the loyalty pricing and move to product subscription or if they stick with their traditional maintenance. This migration will be good for both Autodesk and our customers as it moves into the newest and best product experience. Now, I'll turn it over to Scott for a closer look at some of the financials.
Scott Herren: Thanks Andrew. All of you should have the prepared remarks document, which is the best source for our financial details. So I'm not going to walk through them all, but I do want to hit on a couple of noteworthy items and talk about our business outlook for fiscal 2018. Starting with revenue total direct revenue for the fourth quarter increased once again and represented 32% of total revenues. That's up from 23% in Q4 last year and just 19% two years ago. That's a lot of progress over a relatively short period of time as we continue to grow the volume of business with both our large enterprise customers as well as on our e-store. As we indicated we believe there is still room for our direct business to grow over the next few years as we progress on the model transition. Moving to spend management, we're really proud of what we've accomplished on the expense side. We started the year with a goal of keeping non-GAAP spend flat to down 1% we ended up reducing it by 3% for the fiscal year and 4% in the fourth quarter. We accomplish this by making sure we're investing in critical elements of our transition by reducing standard other areas. Part of the reduction this year was the result of the restructuring we announced at the beginning of the year, coupled with a relentless focus on driving efficiencies across the organization. We significantly reduced our M&A activity this year and we've been simplifying the product portfolio. We remain committed to keeping spend flat through fiscal 2019 and believe that we can do so without compromising the long-term health of the company. During this stage of our transition, deferred revenue is a better measure of our business than reported revenue. Total deferred revenue grew 18% against the tough compare last year when we attached very high percentage of maintenance contracts along with the last sale of perpetual licenses for individual products. As I mentioned in December, the work we've been doing over the past several quarters on our operating structure has allowed us to move about $1.7 billion of our offshore cash into foreign subsidiaries that are branches of Autodesk U.S. If we look at our cash balance at quarter end approximately 85% can be used without incremental U.S. tax that equates to $1.9 billion. Of course we need to keep some of our cash for operating needs but we intend to put the majority of it into our stock buyback program and execute on that over the next several quarters using both programmatic and opportunistic means. We've been increasing our buyback this year and in Q4 we repurchased 2.9 million shares. For the year we repurchased nearly10 million shares resulting in a reduction of over 4 million. We're making steady progress on this front and over the past two years of reduced our basic share count by about 3%. Overall we're extremely pleased with our Q4 and full-year fiscal 2017 results. We have increased confidence of the transition is working for our customers, for our partners and for Autodesk and they were on track for the fiscal 2020 targets we set. I turn now to our outlook our view of the global economic conditions remains consistent with our view of the past several quarters, but most of the mature markets performing relatively well, but many of the emerging markets have been challenging. We continue to monitor for changes in Europe stemming from Brexit, but today we have not experienced any impact. With the new administration in the U.S. it's far too early to determine any impact from proposed policy changes around tax reform, trade in tariffs, infrastructure spend or whatever the next executive order might be. As we look ahead to fiscal 2018, it will be our first full-year in the subscription only model and as such we believe it's prudent to take an appropriately conservative approach to our outlook for the year, while remaining confident in our ability to achieve our long-term targets. Here our primary financial goals were resetting for fiscal 2018. We're projecting the total ARR growth will increase to between 24% and 26%. Subscription additions are projected to increase by 600,000 to 650,000, which equates to about a 20% increase. Bear in mind, that the sales team focus that goes into the maintenance to subscription program Andrew discussed earlier will drive higher lifetime values from those who convert, but will not drive any additional subscription adds. Spending will be about flat and we expect the percentage of recurring revenue to increase to approximately 90% beginning in Q1. As we look at our outlook for Q1, keep in mind that total ARR growth and subscription additions will build over the course of the year. Another item that I mentioned in December is that we are working to further improve the transparency of our revenue reporting. As such starting in the first quarter, we are planning to have three revenue lines, one for subscription, one for maintenance, and one for other revenue. In this format, all new model subscription revenue will be reported in the subscription line and all maintenance revenue will be reported in the maintenance line, any remaining non-recurring revenue will be reported as other revenue. To alleviate the need for the recon table, we've been including in prepared remarks and should significantly improve the link between our financials and our business model transition. In this format, subscription revenue times four will equal new model AAR, maintenance revenue times four will equal maintenance ARR, and you'll be able to better isolate the non-recurring revenues that flow into the other revenue lines. One side effect of this change to call out is that a changes the impact to our ARR calculation to include a couple of small legacy products. We apply this methodology to our fiscal 2017 results, our total ARR would have been about $40 million higher. We have factored this change into our guidance assumptions for fiscal 2018, so that we are comparing apples-to-apples. And we will give you visibility to all of fiscal 2017 with the small tweak. To wrap things up, we've executed well over the past several quarters and we are looking forward to building on the success as we head into fiscal 2018 and the next stage of our transition. I want to thank our employees and partners who have worked so hard to make last year a success. I also want to recognize Carl Bass for his leadership and tireless service to Autodesk over the past 20 plus years, and we look forward to his continued input as the special advisor over the next few months and an ongoing board member. As we undergo the CEO transition, both Andrew and Amar have our full confidence to lead the Company to continued success. Operator, we’d now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question for today comes from the line of Saket Kalia from Barclays.
Saket Kalia: Hi, guys, thanks for taking my questions here. Maybe just first to start with, Andrew, Andrew, you kind of talked about some of the changes that you're making to maintenance pricing and new model to incentive that conversion. Could you quickly recap the promotion that you're specifically running on product subscription if they trade in their perpetual license? And more broadly, how are you thinking about the maintenance subs to new model subs conversion in 2018?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, all right. So let me just recap some basic details you’re seeing, you get the understanding. So the way this works is the customer in return for trading in a perpetual license gets a very big discount to move to subscription, essentially what they're doing is they're paying 5% more than they would pay today on their current maintenance, if they were going right now from today. So they get to move over at that price and they get to lock that price in for three years. So if they move early, they get much more advantage then if they wait. Now one of the things that's important about this program and things we're looking at, we want to move is many of these maintenance customers as possible, really we want to move 100%. Churn is the enemy of this program. So the reason we structured at the way we have with these 5% increases in this discount to move is because we want 100% of them to move. And the advantages we're going to get out of this is to look as they move, they're going to be making different kinds of choices. A lot of them are going to have the best possible price to get to collection that they've ever seen. So what we're going to see instead of a customer moving from maintenance, on AutoCAD to subscription on AutoCAD, they're going to move from AutoCAD maintenance to collection subscription, which by the way has a greater uplift on top of the maintenance base and than just what we're doing. In addition some of the customers are going to stay behind on maintenance. This is just going to be their preferred path. They're going to stay there till the second year of the program and maybe not move until the third year of the program. So they're obviously going to see continual price increases to maintain that perpetual license, but it’s important to them, they're going to end up paying more. But the net result of what we're trying to do is over a three-year period move the majority of that base over. I'm not going to give you specifics about how many we expect to move over this year, but we certainly expect people to start considering this program and we expect to see a lot of our larger customers at the top of the pyramid and down at the bottom where they get a lot of engagement from partners moving quickly.
Saket Kalia: Great. That's really helpful. And then maybe for my follow-up, actually for you again, Andrew, I just want to confirm, I think you mentioned that new model ARPS of course was up this quarter but could flux quarter to quarter. I may have missed it but can you just confirm, it sounded like it should be roughly flat from a dollar perspective throughout 2018. Is that correct?
Andrew Anagnost: So if you remember what I said at Investor Day earlier, it's going to start to trend up in the second half of the year. The increase we saw in Q4 is basically a result of the fact that we didn't have a promo in Q4 and we had one in Q3. So you're not going to see that continue, you are going to see some kind of variability as we head through Q1, Q2 and Q3, but as we move into the second half it's not going to be flat, it's actually going to trend up in the latter half of the year. And that's just going to be a result of the accumulation of new model ARPS that we're going to be seeing especially on the products subside and the mix of more mature markets buying product set.
Saket Kalia: That's very helpful. Thanks very much.
Andrew Anagnost: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini from Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you. I was wondering if you could give us a little bit more color. I remember at the Investor Day and I apologize if you touched on this in earlier comments President if you could give us a little bit more color about the mix of the cloud subs versus the new – versus the desktop subscriptions and let us know, one, kind of where are you seeing strength in that and how do you – how are you thinking about splitting that out going forward they terms of disclosure?
Amarpreet Hanspal: Well, Heather, let me take the first part of that question and then Scott can weigh in on the disclosure parts. We saw strength across the board on all types of subscriptions and clearly product descriptions are very strong and we saw EBA’s as I mentioned in the earlier remarks. We had lots of strength in the EBA. We had a record quarter in the cloud because I think it was three times the number of subscriptions that you assume in any prior quarter, so we are definitely seeing a lot of growth from our new cloud-based offerings, but we have continued strength in product subscriptions across the board and we expect that momentum to be carried into this fiscal year.
Scott Herren:
.:
Heather Bellini: Okay. And then just one quick follow-up if you don't mind. In regards to the changes that you sent out to the channel partners today, what's been – have you heard any – I imagine you kind of tested the waters on this of before you did it. What type of feedback did you get from customers or from channel partners about the strategy to basically main thence customers paying that increase in price and the move to subscription, basically trading they your license to move to subscription, what type of feedback did you hear if you ran that by any of your larger customers before you did this in?
Andrew Anagnost: So Heather we do test a lot of these things. Amar and I just got back from our sales conference and I think the most relevant feedback I can give you is that our partners are very, very positive about this program mostly because they really – they see an opportunity for them to go in and have a conversation with the customer. They also see a big opportunity to get the customers for collections and frankly living in two worlds where they have a maintenance model and subscription model isn't exactly in the partners of the customer's best interest. With regards to the customer reaction, I think it's going to take us a little bit more time to gather that reaction. The net that the customers are going to see in terms of value is going to increase, it's going to take us time to really get that, obviously we didn’t test all of this with our customers before we rolled it out because of the nature of the program.
Amarpreet Hanspal: Just what I'd add to that is from the customer's perspective I mean we're seeing our largest customers really respond very well to the flexibility of products subscription that suites their way of doing business. And also at the low end we are seeing people really respond well to the sort of the lower cash outlay the subscriptions demand from them. And the channel is really energized and is excited. This is a thing that you know how to do well and that was the feedback that Andrew referred to that we got at OTC. So I think right now it feels like the right set of things that are under way.
Heather Bellini: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty from JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty: Yes, thanks. Hi, guys. Andrew, I didn't quite catch if somebody moves some AutoCAD maintenance to collections, what's the actual uplift that we would see?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, so they're so let me kind of do a little quick, I'm not going to all the math, but I'll give you a quick example. So if they just moved AutoCAD to AutoCAD, it's essentially a 5% increase from the maintenance as it is today. However, if they move that AutoCAD to a collection, it's going to be several $100 higher than that, all right and it's basically the Delta. So there it’s a significant uplift over what they'd be paying normally much more than 5%, but it's the smallest Delta they'll ever see in terms of getting the collections. So I think what’s you need to focus on is the fact that they'll never have a better way to get the collections in this path and essentially if they wait and they find the collections are important part of the solution in the future, they're going to pay a lot more. So a lot of customers just like back in the suites days when we ran all the suites plays, they're going to opt to take the collection route because the price is so attractive now. But it's still – they're still going to pay more because they moved to collections. It's not going to be just a 5% uplift of their current maintenance it's much more.
Sterling Auty: That makes sense. And then the follow-up is not that I’m expecting you to quantitatively tell us what's built into the guidance. But can give us a feel for okay how did you go about baking in the impact of this program into the guidance? So if there's a massive everybody says, yes, I really want to go to collections, what is said due to is it in immediate impact to revenue and cash flow, how does it come in and on the flip side if everybody says, yes I get what you're doing, but I'm just not interested and it's might of what you expect what kind of magnitude impact can we see to the way that you've guided?
Andrew Anagnost: So the most important thing you need to remember is its plus 5% on the maintenance base no matter what happens, all right. So there's a price increase in the maintenance base that happens just as a matter of course. So they're all going – the whole entire maintenance base you are going to see a 5% in price increase. They can choose to roll that 5% price increase into a subscription program at three-year lock if they want to but they're all going to see a 5% increase. To your second question about – the specifics about how many are going to move to collections that that's something we're going to watch over time, I expect most of that will be we’ll see later in the year as people try to decide these things, but everybody is going to see 5%.
Scott Herren: Yes, Sterling said another way. The price for maintenance after the 5% uplift is exact same price they would pay if they converted to subscriptions incentive. So it's from a modeling standpoint for fiscal 2018 at the same whether they convert or not.
Sterling Auty: Make sense. Thank you, guys.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you. From Amar and Andrew could you talk about how you’ve ranged the division of labor between yourselves as come CEO's, so long as the arrangement last, how are you dividing your respected responsibilities for overseeing product sales operations and a like?
Amarpreet Hanspal: Yes, Jay, we are sharing responsibilities rather than dividing them. So Andrew and I have been the co-architects of the plan that you're seeing unfold right now. And so we continuing to work very closely together on for the technology transition as well as the business model transition that's implied. So he and I have been focusing on is driving you know greater focus and urgency on the execution of the plan and basically making decisions jointly through this period. So I wouldn't – well Andrew continue to do his marketing role and I continue to do my product role. The executive decisions we are making, we're making jointly.
Andrew Anagnost: And Jay just how we moved into this mode, we started this mode well before the announcement of Carl’s departure. So we got ourselves into a cadence of how we were going to make decisions? How we're going to work together on some of these things and Jay we work together for a long time. So we have a pretty good cadence set up already so there was no disruption as we move from the pre to the post Carl era?
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. My follow-up is did you say I think it Analyst Day on the last call that you expected the new model subspace to exceed the classic maintenance subspace by the end this fiscal year…?
Andrew Anagnost: That’s correct. This is the crossover year, Jay.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay. And related to that could you talk about how you’re thinking about the channel comp effects of this program in terms of their activity, how they get comp as they look through this program and what the MDS impacts might be?
Amarpreet Hanspal: Are you talking about the maintenance subscription program?
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Correct.
Amarpreet Hanspal: Okay. So obviously the comp structure is going to change on maintenance a bit as time goes on, otherwise the incentives wouldn't be in the right direction. So a partner is going to make more moving a customer to subscription then they're going to make keeping the customer on maintenance, and obviously it's going to be taking a little bit from one and give it to the other.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Very good. Thanks very much.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks Jay.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Phil Winslow from Wells Fargo.
Philip Winslow: Hey. Thanks guys and congrats on a great end of the year. I just have two questions here. First, as far as when you look at the subscriptions right now that, the net new subscriptions that you're seeing, where are sort of people most compelled, I guess to move because obviously you have products here in the manufacturing vertical, you have a civil vertical, commercial construction where you seeing just the earliest uptake and I just have one follow-up to that?
Amarpreet Hanspal: Yes, Philip I would certainly say that AEC has been a place where – we see strength across all our verticals, honestly we started this journey on product subscriptions actually with our M&E business first and as we’ve rolled it out and do other products segment. We've seen strength in demand across all verticals. I would say that our AEC business grows – is continuing to grow at a very healthy rate really driven by the adoption of building information modeling around the world. So that's in building and civil all the sub-verticals in AEC, manufacturing has been extremely strong for us as well. In fact in manufacturing in addition to product subscriptions we've seen a growing uptick of the cloud-based solutions with Fusion both on the design side, on the simulation side as well as in the new sort of additive manufacturing fees. So we're very pleased with our growth across the vertical segments.
Philip Winslow: Got it. And then just a question for Scott and Andrew here about sort of the path, I guess on maintenance pricing because if you look at the price increases that you talk about 5%, 10%, 20% it does become very compelling to make the move this year and lock that, they call that 5% increase and going forward for three years if you're on subscription. So how do you think about converting the base because obviously the maintenance rates are going up and you'll be paying substantially more just one or two years out. So is there a potential this year where you see even faster subscriber growth because sort of act now or never and obviously these are long duration software applications, in other words, long lifecycle. Could you see a faster move and then as you think about the long-term guidance for more of a hockey stick an actual ARR and revenue. So it potentially faster subs, but a hockey stick later on and cause the ARR and revenue to get to those targets. How you just sort of thinking through that because obviously it was pretty compelling program?
Amarpreet Hanspal: All right. So first off let me just correct something you said. Remember this program is net neutral on subs adds because they're basically moving from one type of recurring revenue to another type of recurring revenue. So it's not a subs adds accelerators, it's an ARR phenomenon and one thing…
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Our maintenance to better subscription.
Amarpreet Hanspal: It will absolutely have a cumulative effect as we move into FY2019 and FY2020. There's no doubt about it. It definitely builds on itself, the program. Now when you look at who's going to move, the people have the largest installations are going to be the ones that are looking right now to try to consider, hey should I move because it's going to make a material difference in their maintenance renewal moving forward and coming to the next year. Smaller accounts, they'll absorb the 5%. They might even absorb the 10%, but as they start looking out to the 20% they're obviously going to move. So you're going to see a chunk that moves in the first year representing a certain size of customer then you're going to see the next chunk that's going to move in the next year and then the people who are really, really attached to their perpetual license, which we don't think is going to be a lot of people will move later in the program. But you can see there's absolutely a cumulative effect to this and not only a cumulative effect from people moving, but remember the discount to move drops 5% every year as well. So the ones that move in the second year move at a higher loyalty price than the ones that move in the first year and the ones that move in the third year get a higher loyalty price, and then ultimately when these people who are locked in this three-year price drop off, the thee-year lock period, they then bounced up to the loyalty price at the end of the program, which is a little bit more than 15% of what they're paying now. So you can see there's a build up here and that will also provide us some runway into FY2021 and beyond in terms of how the base grows in terms of ARR.
Amarpreet Hanspal: Yes. And what I’d add is that – I don't know whether you’d characterize this as a hockey stick, it's more of a cumulative effect of ARR as Andrew talked about. This is what gives us a lot of confidence in our FY2020 plan, because we do see programs like M2S and the other things that we're driving really set us up for success in the long run.
Philip Winslow: Great, guys. Thanks a lot.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks, Phil.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ken Wong from Citigroup.
Kenneth Wong: Hey, guys. So when looking at the maintenance sub decline of about 73,000 this quarter, any sense as to how many of those guys convert it over to a product subscription?
Scott Herren: Ken, I don't think we can project that. What we'd say is that the 73K number was as expected. This was our largest pool of maintenance customers up for renewal and our renewal rate was exactly where we'd expect them to be. So the number is not unusual or unexpected for us. So we will get better at tracking every single customer that goes from column A to column B, especially as we do the maintenance and subscription program. But I think there was nothing unusual about this 73K number that we saw.
Kenneth Wong: Got it. And then maybe a follow-up to that, as we try to kind of put this in the context of your seasonal Q4 and then the loyalty program you guys are putting in place. Should we see that that number grow and again not grow in a bad way, but obviously that could convert over, but is that 73 number a pretty good pace or too high to low?
Scott Herren: Yes. Ken, if you look at the seasonality of where we typically sold licenses, which is when the maintenance agreements will expire, right.
Kenneth Wong: Yes.
Scott Herren: It’s an annual maintenance agreement when you sold the license becomes the same quarter that maintenance comes through. The two biggest quarters for that are Q4 and Q1. So 73,000 in Q4 as Amar said was really – churn rate was right in line with our expectations, it is a big quarter in Q1 of renewal opportunities. In Q4, there's another big opportunity for renewals in Q1 as well. So obviously we're not guiding to that level of granularity, but it's not on line with what I would expect to see just based on the size of the renewal opportunity.
Kenneth Wong: Got it. And then they maybe last thing on those kind of the same point, but I might have missed when the program officially kicks in and then I guess what I guess we expect some sort of pull forward during that particular quarter?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. The program starts in June and it's tied to their renewal, so there's no kind of pull forward effect here, it's all tied to the renewal event. So as people come up for renewal in a quarter, they get to choose, which path they go on. So it’s June and it's all tied to the renewal event.
Kenneth Wong: Got it. Okay, thanks to lot guys.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks Ken.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan from Bank of America.
Kash Rangan: From one K to another K, thank you so much. If you can just give us a little bit of – I certainly appreciate the detail on the pricing uplift et cetera, but what is the incentive for the customer to do the 5% price increase for the maintenance. How is the Company going to explain to the customer? What is the value they’re going to get into turn for the 5% price increase? And also if you could just take a step back I think from the Analyst Day and from this conversation, what is the value to the customer, not from a financial standpoint, disincentive or an incentive, but how does the product fundamentally do different things in the cloud-based versions are the subscription, broadly speaking the subscription arrangement relative to what they were getting from the desktop software that currently – there was not been a lot of discussion, but would love to get enlightened there? Thank you.
Andrew Anagnost: So first of, Kash a 5% increase on anything is just that's kind of normal course of business in some respects. So the maintenance customers in terms of seeing a 5% price increase that's not going to change things very significantly in their view. And from our view, it's complicated for them, it's complicated for our partners, and it's complicated for the whole infrastructure to maintain these two models. So basically sending out a signal that if you want to maintain a perpetual license it's going to cost you more, it’s a positive signal for the whole ecosystem. And Amar and I will both answer the second question, I just want to put a little bit of a beginning on it. When a customer moves to the subscription model, they're moving to a model that has a lot more access control and insight into how they're using things. And I think that's an important value proposition just without additional products. I mean the access is anytime, anywhere products, they actually get access to different types of versions of products for instance in the AutoCAD world, they get a mobile, web and a desktop experience. They're able to control how they're used, turn them on and off, they get a lot more flexibility. And as we move forward throughout the year, the customers are going to see a lot more value add in the control side and the insight side and how they're using the products that I think is actually real money save for them, so they're going to see real value.
Amarpreet Hanspal: Yes. So Andrew is absolutely right about the installation and deployment experience that customers get the increase flexibility in terms of where to access things and who gets to access what. The other thing that we're doing is actually also changing the core product value proposition, increasing availability of cloud services on the products subscription side. And in fact there are pieces of our desktop software right now that are being rewritten as cloud services and really it's only those things are available as part of product subscription. So the product is not the same product as we move from the license model to the subscription model. We are actively evolving it to be much more of a hybrid experience and I think customers totally get that and they see that they're going to get access to a stream of innovation as opposed to the annual update that they used to get.
Kash Rangan: Thanks Amar and Andrew. Good to hear your voice on an earnings conference call. Not to leave you out, Scott, but any thoughts on when you'd be starting to – or if you could give us a little breakdown from this quarter between the EBA, cloud and the desktop subscriptions.
Scott Herren: Yes. Kash, we're not providing that level of granularity under new model, but as always happens in Q4. Q4 and Q1 are the biggest quarters for enterprise subscription adds, Q4 because we sell the most EBA’s and then they come on line throughout the quarter. Q1 is where we typically get the catch up because as you recall of EBA’s, we actually measure the active users because it’s a consumption model that's not a named user model, we haven't measure the active users and that takes 60 days before we can report those. So I think of enterprises being heavier in Q4 and Q1, products subs are very strong, we mentioned that in the opening commentary that was the leading driver of the growth, 227,000 remodel sub adds during the quarter and cloud was also strong albeit from a smaller base.
Kash Rangan: Wonderful. Thanks.
Andrew Anagnost: Thanks, Kash.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Keith Weiss of Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss: Excellent. Thank you guys. Sorry about being on mute before. Nice quarter. So one question just a clarification. Just so I'm clear. When a customer comes up for renewal they're being faced with a choice either pay 5% more for your renewal or pay 5% more and go onto desktop subscription. And the only reason they wouldn't want to go onto desktop subscription is if they like are afraid that at some point they don't want to pay maintenance anymore and they want to have that perpetual license, is that the correct way to think about it?
Amarpreet Hanspal: That's really the correct way to think about it and also a lot of the customers – because we took the unusual step of basically announcing what our intended price increase path is for maintenance, a lot of customers that are also going to be making the decision, okay. So how much is that perpetual license worth for me when I get this multi-year lock in price increase? And also we're going to be making it pretty clear to them over time, look at all the additional value you get on the subscription side. So you've got it, you’ve started out right that's how it's going to work at the renewal.
Keith Weiss: Right. You're not losing functionality when you go to a desktop subscription. You actually gain functionality.
Amarpreet Hanspal: You're gaining functionality and more important you're also gaining more control over how you actually use and manage the software. So it's a gain for the customer experience wise and capability wise.
Keith Weiss: Right. And you lock in the price for three years, but there's no sorts of definition of what happens after three years, not like after three years you're coming off a promotional pricing and you get jacked up to some higher pricing.
Andrew Anagnost : Every year there's a different loyalty price for them to move. In year one it's 5% more than their current. In year two it's going to be little over 10% more than their current maintenance.And in year three it's a little over 15% above their current maintenance. So there's a different price for each year.When that three year lock in expires, that customer immediately goes up to the terminal loyalty price of a little over 15%, roughly 16% more than their maintenance price. Then they're kind of subject to ongoing price increases that would you affect what our long-term pricing strategy is.There's no giant leap up to the full subscription price. You can see there's still going up to a higher value level.
Keith Weiss: Got it. Makes sense. If I can just sneak one last one. You mentioned the uplift in value you see when you bring a customer to an EBA. I think you said three times the subscription rate. Should I think about that, I mean is that three times the monetization level that you were able to get out of these customers previously or is it like maintenance to subscription, so it's not really like full monetization if we think about it from a lifetime value of the customer.
Amarpreet Hanspal: Well, let's clarify that comment. It's three times the number of users that we see inside enterprise account. It generally leads to a higher level of token consumption, which generally leads to ever increasing values of EBA over time, but the multiplier isn’t exactly three, let’s put it that way.
Keith Weiss: Okay. Any sense you'd give us of what the increase in monetization you get out of moving a customer over to EBA?
Amarpreet Hanspal: Keith, we typically see at the – I think Steve gave some stats back in our Investor Day. We typically see an uplift in the 30% range at the point of renewal.
Keith Weiss: Yes, got it.
Amarpreet Hanspal: In other words when they go for maintenance and convert over to an EBA.
Keith Weiss: Got it, excellent. Thank you very much guys. Nice quarter.
Andrew Anagnost: Welcome.
Amarpreet Hanspal: Thanks Keith.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Rob Oliver from Baird.
Rob Oliver: Hey, guys. Thanks for taking one from the new guy. Have you guys noticed any change to the pace of new customer acquisitions? And then a follow-up for Scott. Andrew may have just answered this in response to Kash Rangan's question talking about additional access control, increased cloud services. Scott, you mentioned the high degree of confidence that 606 rev rec isn't going to impact you guys. Can you talk a little bit more about that, add some color there? Thanks so much.
Andrew Anagnost: Sure. Let me take the new customer acquisition. I mean the place where we've seen growth in new customer acquisition has really been from the cloud products. We've certainly made penetration into construction, into manufacturing. We’ve seen growing momentum on that side of the ability to acquire customers that we didn't have before. I would say that depending on how you think about license compliance, you've got customers that have not paid us before. We're starting to make dent with our new model subscription in that customer base that's why a third of the new model subscriptions were really a new to our Company in the results that we saw in Q4. So we're definitely seeing new logos coming in as a result of both the combination of the could as well as product subscription.
Scott Herren: Yes. And then to the second part of your question Rob, on 606. I could have probably actually let Amar that as well because he has been into it up to his eyeballs. We are not expecting it to have any impact and I think I mentioned to you last time we met and I've said it a couple of times, the person is now our System Controller, used to run our rev ops team and has been a member of the AICPA task force on 606 for a couple of years. So we've had great insight into where this is headed and kind of how it's going to be interpreted and how the guidelines will be applied and going through what we're going through the business model transition. The last thing we wanted just to get to the end of this and have all that revenue flip back to upfront. So we've been working this for quite some time and I think Andrew just mentioned and Amar did as well. We've built in into our products subscription, a fair amount of integrated cloud functionality such that a significant amount of the value comes not just from the executables that come down to the endpoint, but from the interaction with the cloud services. And so we're quite confident that we're going to have a nominal impact from 606.
Rob Oliver: Got it, okay. Great, that's helpful. Thanks a lot guys. Appreciate it.
Scott Herren: Thanks Rob.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Gal Munda from Berenberg.
Gal Munda: Hi, guys. Just a few questions if I can. The first one is just to understand your pools full of active users, if we can look back retrospectively. At the start of 2016, we had a famous 5.1 million users, which was at the last capital market that it was kind of underestimated, but out of that users we had 2.3 million subs we know that. Now we're up to 3.1 million subs. What is your best guess on the other part of the pool, which initially was 2.8 million, today how big, is it because I’d mention it would be bigger than 2 million, the difference between 3.1 million and 5.1 million, but how do you look at that?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes. Actually one of our biggest opportunities as we move over the next couple years is converting users into subscribers, right. I mean that pretty basically they're using it, but they're not paying us. And if you remember from Investor Day, they come in two pools and actually we have fairly high fidelity in terms of information on how many of these people are active. So if you look at this non-subscribers base meaning people who bought a perpetual copy of software from us and then dropped off. The active level there is about a 2.2 million. So there's about 2.2 million active people using our software that aren't paying us, but have paid us in the past. The more interesting number is the 6 million plus pirates who are actively using our software and by the way we know that they're using the software because we're able to track the pirated serial numbers and the pirate activity. That's a more interesting number for us long-term and it's interesting to note that about 4 million of those pirates are in mature markets and about 1.2 million of them are in accounts that we know and have worked with in the past. So there is a very large base of users out there that are not subscribers. We're not going to be moving all of those over to us at once, but one of the things that’s really important, especially when it comes to the subscriber growth we're going to see this year is the momentum, we're going to be building into FY2017, because all of these programs that are targeted at the non-subscribers for instance are going to start seeing rapid acceleration as we head into the second half of the year, which is going to carry into FY2017. The products that Amar talked about earlier are actually going to have some pretty significant pool for these non-subscribers to move forward. That will not only be good for this year, it's going to be very good for FY2017. And the next thing we're doing this year is we're mainstreaming all of our piracy efforts, the efforts that are targeting these non-users and as we move into the end of this year and into FY2017, we will actually have in product purchasing capability for a pirate. So the pirate will actually get a notification and say hey, you might want to pay for the software. So this base is going to move over several years, but as you can see it's pretty big.
Gal Munda: Okay. So at least 2.2 active non-subscribers now plus at least…
Andrew Anagnost: 2.2 active non-subscribers plus another 6 million plus pirates.
Gal Munda: Okay. That makes sense.
Andrew Anagnost: That’s figured in our current paying base.
Gal Munda: Of course. Just as a follow-up, on the guidance you kind of expecting north of 600,000 monthly users over the next year is indicating some sort of acceleration especially considering historically when you guys talked about the volume of licenses as you would be saying between 600,000 and 700,000 would be the total volume licenses that you see in any given year. Now taking some sort of churn that we're seeing at the moment into that that would indicate that you're on the volume expecting more or something like 900,000 just very high level calculation. Does that indicate that you have – how does it compare to FY2017 you just finished and also does it indicate that there's some acceleration of the new users acquisition maybe some of the activation of that old pool?
Scott Herren: Yes. So good question, I mean look I think our unit volume for this year was right where we expected it to be and I think our growing momentum based on the factors that Andrew touched upon, we are certainly seeing increasing momentum through license compliance to what we would have called a legacy customer base. And one of the places where we are definitely accelerating acquisition of customers is also the cloud and as regions around the world whether they are emerging countries or places in Asia they come back to better economic health, they will contribute to this sort of overall unit volume growth. That's why we're very confident that the momentum we're carrying into this year combined with license compliance legacy as well as momentum in cloud as well as the changes that we talked about in the product that really drive customers to be more current. They're all factors that we believe will drive that result that we pointed to.
Gal Munda: Okay.
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, Gal, one of the things that of course was not in that historic range of – actually we said 500,000, 800,000, but the midpoints the same with year 600,000 to 700,000. What's not in air forces cloud and so as we've seen the cloud begin to accelerated and it's not in our the unit volume that we referred to from time-to-time either. So take that as what's happening in the core business, later on the increase we're seeing as Amar just pointed out in both legacy recapture and the sort of our piracy programs and then put cloud on top of that. That's how you get the total gross.
Gal Munda: Okay and the total growth that you're expecting – is it around 900,000 is fair to say?
Amarpreet Hanspal: So we're not guiding at that level. We're not providing that type of inside, but we feel confident in the 600,000 to 650,000 net sub ads for the year.
Gal Munda: Okay. Thank you so much.
Amarpreet Hanspal: Thanks Gal.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Monika Garg from Pacific Crest Securities.
Monika Garg: Thanks for taking my question. First, given that in Q4 soul in the perpetual license, it was mainly subscription why would revenue guidance for Q1 is flattish to more its lower?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, Monika the one think when you look year-on-year and you got the data now for the full-year of fiscal 2017. The non-recurring element of course included six months of suite perpetual license sales. There won't be any suite perpetual license sales of course, but that means as the total non-recurring revenue year-on-year is coming down pretty significantly. So we gave you a couple of data points earlier. So we guided revenue into a range of 2 billion to 2.05 billion and said in the opening commentary that we expect that about 90% to be recurring, right. So if you do the quick math you can say the non-recurring fees is going to be ballpark $200 million. If you look at what that was last year that was closer to $500 billion. And so I think where the differences in the year-on-year, it's certainly we're seeing great growth on the recurring side, you see that in our ARR guidance, but the non-recurring element of course is coming down year-on-year.
Monika Garg: Right. I was actually looking Q-over-Q right, from 4Q to 1Q?
Andrew Anagnost: Yes, so you can see the same thing from Q4 to Q1.
Monika Garg: Okay.
Andrew Anagnost: Right, you will see the non-recurring elements coming down pretty significantly.
Monika Garg: Got it. And then coming back to the maintenance pricing increase of the loyalty program you talked about. What is the risk of losing customers to competition due to this maintenance pricing increase you have talked about with your channel over the next year? Thank you.
Scott Herren: Yes, so one of the reasons we structured the program the way we did is we were really focused on minimizing the churn off of that maintenance base. So we feel that the way we structured the program, the huge incentives for loyalty that we're giving the maintenance customers is really a churn minimization plan. So we're feeling pretty confident. Our competitors have historically tried to make incursions into our installed base as we move to subscription, but the truth of the matter is none of them have been particularly successful and it's really hard to compete with software that that prices and accessibility levels that are far below what they've been historically when you come in with more expensive perpetual software. So yes competitors try to make encourage their incursions. They haven't been successful and I think we structured this program as a churn minimization program with a primary goal.
Monika Garg: Got it. Thank you so much.
Amarpreet Hanspal: Thanks, Monika. End of Q&A
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I would like to turn things over to David Gennarelli for any closing comments.
David Gennarelli: Thanks, Karen. That concludes our conference call for today. If you have any follow-up question you can e-mail me or call me direct at 415-507-6033. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2017 Q3  (2016-11-29 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Gennarelli - IR Carl Bass - CEO Scott Herren - CFO
Analysts: Saket Kalia - Barclays Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird Shateel Alam - Goldman Sachs Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company Stan Zlotsky - Morgan Stanley Richard Davis - Canaccord Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Securities Ken Wong - Citigroup Steve Koenig - Wedbush Securities Brent Thill - UBS
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Autodesk Third Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to David Gennarelli, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Gennarelli: Thanks, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our third quarter of fiscal '17. Also on the line is Carl Bass, our CEO; and Scott Herren, our CFO. Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. As noted in our press release, we have published our prepared remarks on our website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments and we will not repeat them on this call. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the anticipated future performance of the Company such as our guidance for the fourth quarter and full-year fiscal 2017, our long-term financial model guidance, the factors we use to estimate our guidance including currency headwinds, our transition to new business models, our customer value, cost structure, our market opportunities and strategies and trends for various products, geographies and industries. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time to time with the SEC, specifically our Form 10-K for the fiscal year 2016, our Form 10-Q for the period ending April 30, and July 31, 2016, and our current reports on Form 8-K, including the Form 8-K filed with today's press release and prepared remarks. Those documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today's call, but will not provide further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today's press release, prepared remarks, and on the Investor Relations section of our website. We will quote a number of numeric or growth changes as we discuss our financial performance, and unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Carl.
Carl Bass: Thanks Dave. We're really pleased with our third quarter results. Q3 marks a significant milestone in our transition. It's the first quarter where we only sold subscriptions and were off to a great start. New model subscriptions grew by 168,000. New model ARR grew 91% at constant currency, and recurring revenue jumped to 76% of total revenue. More generally, we made progress on our two major initiatives growing lifetime customer value by moving customers to the subscription model, and increasing adoption of our cloud based solutions. Given that this quarter was the most uncertain when we started the year, these are fantastic results. So let's look at the details. For the quarter, we added 134,000 net subscriptions. New model subscription additions more than tripled year-over-year to 168,000, while the maintenance subscriptions declined as expected by 34,000 during the quarter. Product subscriptions drove the vast majority of the new models of additions. The launch of industry collections, the next generation of suites that include many of our cloud services contributed to our strong growth this quarter. Collections are a great example of how we’re simplifying our offerings while increasing lifetime customer value. During the quarter, we ran another promotion aimed at converting our legacy, non-subscriber base to new product subscriptions. Like the promotion in Q1, legacy non-subscribers were offered product subscriptions at a discount when trading in their old perpetual licenses. The Q3 promotion added approximately 43,000 product subscriptions, significantly more than in Q1. In addition the overall average selling price was twice as high as the Q1 promotion due to a lower discount and the fact that customers favored higher price products. And lastly, more than 50% of the subscribers tuned in licenses that were seven years back or older. This reinforces our view that there are meaningful number of active users whose licenses are more than five years old and are interested in moving to the latest software. While the promo successfully migrated many legacy customers to our subscription model, product subscriptions continued to attract a significant number of users that are new to Autodesk. Once again, new customers represented about a third of our new product subscriptions for the quarter. We believe some of these people were previously pirating the software and now have a much more affordable option with product subscriptions. This is consistent with the fact that emerging countries are some of the fastest growing areas for products subscriptions. In other cases, these new users have been using an alternative design tool and should now afford software from Autodesk. Overall product subscriptions grew by more than 30% quarter-over-quarter with new subscribers coming from the legacy base from people previously pirating the software and from new customers switching from other systems. Particularly pleasing is that this strong performance immediately follows the end of sale of perpetual licenses for suites. We also had another record quarter for cloud subscription editions. They nearly doubled from the second quarter which was also a record. BIM 360 and Fusion 360 once again are leading the way, but we also have continued to have success with our other cloud products such as AutoCAD 360, Shotgun, and Collaboration for Revit. It is clear that we’re building on our leadership in the cloud and that cloud services are growing in importance with our customers. We see the benefits of the cloud’s inherent scale and connectivity. For example, during Q3 we signed a large BIM 360 contract at a global construction company. Last spring, they started a pilot program, less than 200 seats for new projects. Working with them on their implementation drove rapid adoption. Their results were so strong that they signed the seven figure agreement, expanding their use of BIM 360 Glue, Field and Docs to additional projects, reaching over 2,000 subscriptions in just one region. Now they are planning to scale their BIM processes even further, eventually using BIM 360 for all projects in all regions. Maintenance is our other significant subscription bucket. During the quarter, we included for the first time 13,000 maintenance customers from our acquisition of Solid Angle. As you already know, July 31 was the last time customers could add maintenance to a perpetual license, so the incentive to stay up to date with existing maintenance contracts is compelling. In Q3, the renewal rate for maintenance subscriptions was strong, ahead of last year. But with no new maintenance agreements being sold, total maintenance subscriptions declined. As we’ve said before, we expect to see ongoing declines in maintenance subscriptions going forward. The rate of decline will vary based on the number of subscriptions that come up for renewal -- the renewal rate and our ability to incentivize maintenance customers to switch over to product subscription. This migration is good for both Autodesk and our customers as it moves them to our newest and best products. While we are still working through the timeline, at some point, we will further simplify our offerings and the maintenance subscription and product subscription offerings will converge into a single program. Now, we will get into ARR. New model ARR growth surged to 91% on a constant currency basis, and reflects the continued strong uptake of all of our new subscription offerings. Total ARR grew 15% at constant currency. ARR growth was negatively impacted this quarter by the allocation of our market development funds, which are accounted for as contra revenue and booked upfront in each quarter. Prior to Q3, these funds were allocated across all revenue streams. But the end of perpetual license sales, a 100% of our market development funds are now allocated to recurring revenues in ARR. This impacted ARR growth by 3 percentage points or about $40 million. FX rates also continued to be a headwind for ARR in the quarter. The combination of FX rates in contra revenues reduced total ARR by about a $100 million or 7 percentage points in Q3, which was sizable. Despite those headwinds, we remain confident in our ability to achieve our FY20 ARR CAGR of 24%. I mentioned last quarter that some of our moves to drive subscriptions in ARR revolve around pricing. In early September we made changes that rationalized the pricing of AutoCAD LT, AutoCAD and the AutoCAD verticals. The aim was to drive customers to the right product for their needs and do so with higher billings and ARR. I’m pleased to report that these actions are motivating the intended customer behavior. More LT uses are buying [technical difficulty] AutoCAD and the volumes for AutoCAD and especially AutoCAD verticals increased significantly quarter over quarter. For the overall AutoCAD family of products volumes and ARR increased because of these price changes. We focus on subscriptions in ARR as a key metrics to measure our progress in the business model transition. However we have received many [technical difficulty] question on trends in annualized revenue per subscription or ARPs. So I thought I'd spend a little extra time on it this quarter and we’ll spend more time on it at Investor Day next week. Let's start by focusing on new seats added in Q3, excluding the promo seats, as they have the temporary effect of depressing ARPs and so their renewals which will be at the full price. Suite and collections in the U.S. saw a year over year increase in ARPs of 24%. In Germany the increase was plus 79% and in Japan it was plus 26%. AutoCAD LT in the U.S. saw a year over year increase of plus 9%, in Germany the increase was plus 55% and in Japan 50%. The AutoCAD family which is the sum of the newer AutoCAD and the vertical AutoCAD for the U.S. saw a year-over-year increase of 8%. In Germany the increase was 13% and in Japan 78%. Because of the strong year over year changes for new seat purchases the charter over quarter ARPs change for the sum of AutoCAD, AutoCAD vertical and AutoCAD LT in the U.S., Germany and Japan were 5%, 35% and 64% respectively. This was simply the result of more people buying vertical AutoCAD than vanilla AutoCAD and more people buying AutoCAD instead of AutoCAD LT. Exactly the result we were looking for from the pricing change and why we generated more volume in ARR from the AutoCAD family. These are very positive outcomes. In fact except for a few emerging markets in Europe we see essentially the same trendlines everywhere. So why aren't these results reflected in the aggregate ARPs number we report? There are two primary reasons, first the calculation is extremely sensitive to mix in the early stages. Small numbers exaggerate the effects of short term shifts internally, geo mix, promotions, et cetera, until it starts to normalize when the number of customers is large enough. Secondly, the method we use to count ARR and subscription is very sensitive to timing within the quarter. On an as reported basis ARPs can significantly understate the value of a subscription. The net-net of all this is that fundamental business drivers are very positive, but the aggregate ARPs of the company is declining because the various mix impacts, calculations around ARPs, FX and the constant revenue impact of market development funds. In fact factors such as mix drove about 50% of the declining ARPs trends. We expect these impacts to converge to a steady state and that’s when you’ll see aggregate ARPs begin to increase again. We will provide more insight into the components of the new model subscriptions as they mature into a bigger base next year. I know many of you are keenly interested in this area and we will spend a lot more time on this at next week's Investor Day. Total direct revenue also increased as a proportion of total revenues to 29%, up from just 17% two years ago and 25% last quarter. As we continue to grow the volume of business with both our large enterprise customers as well as our e-store. On the expense side we continue to prudently manage spend. Total non-GAAP spend decrease by 2% year-over-year, this marks the third consecutive quarter of decreases as we diligently control our spending. We had already committed to keeping our FY18 spend flat with FY17. We are now committing to keep our FY19 spend flat as well. This will require some additional effort, but we believe it's the right thing to do at this stage of our transition and that we can do so without compromising the long term health of the company. We also remained aggressive with our stock buyback program in Q3, buying back 2 million share with an average price of $68.74. We have now repurchased nearly 7 million share this fiscal year and plan to remain active buyers through both programmatic and opportunistic needs. This is another area, we will discuss in greater depth at our Investor Day on December 6. Overall, we were extremely pleased with our Q3 results. We have increased confidence that the transition is working for customers, partners and Autodesk and that we are on track for the FY20 targets we set. Turning to our outlook, as we’ve seen over the past several quarters, global conditions have held steady with most of the mature markets performing relatively well while many of the emerging markets have been challenged. As we evaluate our strong Q3 results, and look ahead to Q4, we don’t see any meaningful change in the demand environment. Talk of increased infrastructure spending and tax reform in the U.S. would likely benefit Autodesk, but it's far too early to determine if the election results will have a material positive or negative impact on our business domestically or abroad. Our view for the rest of fiscal '17 remains positive. Our revenue and EPS results were slightly better than we expected in Q3. Q4 typically experiences a sequential increase due to seasonality. And we expect to see that again this year. But keep in mind that Q3 revenue benefited from $38 million in backlog from the end of sale of a perpetual suite at the end of Q2. Since we’ve ended the sale of most perpetual licenses, backlog is now zero and it won't be a material contributor going forward in the subscription only model. We feel great about the way subscriptions are trending and now that Q3 is behind us, we are bringing up the bottom end of our previous range for subscription additions and we are on track for the spend target that we lowered last quarter. When we started down this transition past three years ago, the objective was the same as it is today, build long term shareholder value and establish Autodesk as the leader of the next generation of design and engineering software. We are accomplishing these goals in three simple ways; one, we are increasing the life time value of every estimates by moving them to subscription models. Two, we are changing our cost structure by focusing our product portfolio and go to market strategies. And three, we are building the best cloud and mobile based products and services in the industry with significantly expand our TAM as the underlying technology platform shifts to the cloud. Next week at our Investor Day Event, we’ll provide further detail on significant items on our past to our transition goals including $6 in free cash flow per share in FY20 and $11 in FY22. Some of the items we’ll cover include an update on the transition overall, focus areas that achieve the 20% growth in subscriptions and 24% CAGR in ARR. The factors includes ARPs, TAM expansion opportunities in construction and manufacturing and success with our cloud offerings. The evolution of our go to market strategies to align with the subscription business, recent operating changes that will increase our access to foreign cash and dramatically increase our financial flexibility, and our thoughts on capital allocation.  To round things up, we couldn’t be more excited to be finally in the subscription only model. We’ve executed well over the past few quarters and we’re looking forward to finishing the year strong. Our vision and strategy are working. The business model transition is ahead of plans and we are leading the industry in delivering cloud based software for the next generation of design and engineering. With this quarter we become more confident in our ability to increase shareholder value by creating a more predictable recurring and profitable business and achieving the goals we set out for FY20, for subscriptions ARR and cash flow.  Operator we now like to open the call for questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our first question for today comes from the line of Saket Kalia from Barclays.
Saket Kalia : First just sort of a housekeeping question for you Scott. Can you just remind us what market development funds are from high level and what sort of dollar amount we should expect that to be on an annual basis?
Scott Herren: Yes, sure. Saket. So market development funds are common to every company that sells through a value added reseller channel. So it's in effect demand generation dollars, it's money that we make available to our resellers for them to go off and drive demand -- presales demand for the product. So it’s not a new program, we’ve had market development funds for years. I think what's changed this quarter is the way those market development funds are allocated. They are not treated as an expense, they are treated as a contra revenue, meaning they’re subtracted from our reported revenues. It runs $10 million to $11 million a quarter, and so historically what’s happened is that was allocated pro-rata to the sales through the channel which were heavily driven by license sales. This quarter of course, there is no license sales, so all of the market development funds, the same amount we've always spent, ended up being allocated for the first time to recurring revenues, and so the $10 million or $11 million per quarter when you annualize that of course is between $40 and $45 million for the year. So first time, we've seen that effect on recurring revenue was this quarter and I would expect it to stay in that range going forward.
Saket Kalia : Understood, that's very helpful. And then for my followup, and I'm sure this is going to be something that we talk about a lot more next week, but how sensitive is the long-term model to mix, meaning can you just talk us through qualitatively maybe how different the mix is across the product ranges in this first quarter with total subscription compared to what you are modeling in that $6 per share in free cash flow, and maybe just qualitatively how much leeway do you have with that mix?
Carl Bass: Let me start with this and Scott feel free to jump in. We have a variety of mixes that we try to talk about, one was about certainly product mix, one is about geo mix, there’s others like term length, and then there are very specific things, the difference between for example, EBA’s and maintenance. Those numbers look different as well as certainly the cloud revenues look different. So those things matter a lot, we have a fair amount of flexibility, we understand the price range that these things will come in. Right now we’re actually above the plan for where we expect it to be and one of the things I tried to do in the middle of the prepared remarks, give you a little bit of information about what’s selling on a like-for-like basis. So that’s were -- those were those quotes in the middle, all about how much more people are paying this year or this quarter compared to the previous year or the previous quarter. And we thought it was important to really compare the like-for-like, so that people could understand it. One of the things we also mentioned is, going forward we’ll start breaking this out for you, having an average of averages of averages is way too confusing as we’ve all seen. I think, the folks at Goldman did a nice job at breaking out the model in their most recent report and I think they did a nice job of looking at the stuff we did, though it’s not identically our model, it’s closing certainly has the major effects in there, and a good understanding of the time and mix we anticipate seeing and the price ranges. So maybe that helps a little bit. We’re going to spend a lot more time next week walking you through this, but hopefully that’s a start on the problem.
Scott Herren: Saket, the other thing that I would add to that is, I think mix is a bigger effect on ARPs right now than it will be longer term, you just need to look at the ARPs for maintenance and you’ll see it’s far more steady, because it’s a much bigger base of maintenance subs, so as the base grows, mix will become slightly less important. I think longer term, the more important metric than ARPs is ARR, and so one of the things we’ll look to do is provide you better insight into where we think ARR is headed, so that ARPs calculation becomes slightly less sensitive. 
Carl Bass: Next question operator. Karen are you there? Okay, we seem to have lost the operator. Hang on one second while we try to reconnect to her and see if we can keep the Q&A moving.
Scott Herren: This is a first for me of all the earnings calls I’ve done, I’ve never had this happen.
Operator: I’m here now. Our next question comes from the line of Steve Ashley from Robert W. Baird.
Steve Ashley: I would just like to ask on the promotion, if you could give us some color on how much of that might have been direct versus indirect and what role the e-store might have played in the performance there?
Scott Herren: Yes Steve, the promotions, you know Carl laid out the success of the 43,000 subs that came through the promotions. It was almost entirely driven through the channel versus through the e-store.
Steve Ashley: Okay, perfect, and then I would just like to ask about collections and I realize they have not been out very long, but with that you introduced multiuser pricing and that's kind of the first time that's been out there. Wondering if you've gotten any early response to that or if there is any early color you can provide on that new pricing option.
Carl Bass: You know it's still early. We're trying to replicate some of the things that we had in the previous model. But really I mean it's only a quarter worth of data, so we'll update it more as we go through next year. But we know it is one of the things that customers really want. It's one of the important things you know that whole middle bulk of our customer base has multiple seats , and while we offer lots of flexible offerings for people with large number of seats through the EBAs, people are also looking for it in here, so we’ll update you as we go.
Operator: Thank you, and our next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini from Goldman Sachs.
Shateel Alam: Hi, this is Shateel Alam filling in for Heather. Thanks for taking my question. First question was just on new model ARR. That increased by 43 million, I'm not sure if you specifically broke out what the MDS impact was for specifically new model, but first could you break that out and then also last quarter’s new model ARR increased by 63 million, we're expecting it to increase in size again this quarter, going forward now that your subscription only should we expect new model ARR increase of each quarter to get larger?
Scott Herren: Yes Shateel, the overall amounts that ARR was affected by the allocation of MBF, again MBF not a new program, but it’s the first time it's really been heavily allocated, exclusively allocated to recurring revenues that’s why we're seeing the impacts so pronounced in this quarter, it was about 40 million on the overall, if you split that between how much was allocated to new model versus maintenance. It's about 6 percentage points on a year on year basis about six percentage points of growth for the MBF impact on new models and about two percentage points of growth reduced by MBF being allocated to maintenance. So overall it was three points, but if you split it between the two it was about six on new model and about two on maintenance.
Shateel Alam: I just had one follow up on collection. Suites used to represent 30% of your revenues, I'm wondering over time do you expect Collections to also end up representing 30% of total new model ARR and how long do you think it would take for that to ramp to that level?
Carl Bass: My best guess is that it will be less because of the additional offerings we'll have with you know the cloud offerings and the consumption services tied to things like collections, so I think it will be less, but not substantially so.
Operator: Thank you, and our next question comes from the line of Jay [indiscernible].
Unidentified Analyst: Carl, I'd like to ask you, for my first question a technology question stemming from [indiscernible] University a couple weeks ago, particularly if you could try some of your technology disclosures from two weeks ago to the longer term business implication, in other words, you have some very interesting things to say I thought about your future architecture with the quantum project, you talked about. There are numerous references to what you talked about as a common data environment, new architecture and so forth. So talk about the commercial implication and commercial plans for that as you showed two weeks ago and what that needs for the next number of years in terms of the business model? And then a selling follow up question.
Carl Bass: Yes, sure Jay [ph]. I mean this goes back a number of years, we have firm believe that engineering software is going to move to the cloud, all design and engineering software will be in the cloud. We started to demonstrate that with the number of products we talked about some like BIM 360, we’ve shown kind of the basic architecture with products like Fusion 360 and how they take advantage of the connectivity and the compute power of the cloud. So we started to demonstrate that and we started investing in this area three or four years ago. As I have said before while everybody is rightfully focused on the business model transition of our existing business and how we are using it to attract new customers, what I think people will must be surprise about as you look out the next couple of years, if the size of the cloud business that we build, and how we really expands our TAM. So we are going to spend a bunch of time next week showing a little bit more, you were at AU and got to see it, we’ll try to put kind of a an investor look on it, so that people next week can understand what we are doing and what the important is, and why we are investing in the cloud and why this really is the next generation architecture. I have talked in the past about being a place for collaboration as well as giving access to virtually unlimited amounts of compute power which is something our uses demand and so it’s just a natural fit. It's unusual that engineering has been one of the slowest to move to the cloud, but we see lots of evidence of hitting the tipping point, not just in the U.S. but other places in terms of customers willingness to adopt it. And so next you’ll hear a bunch more.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from a line of Gregg Moskowitz from Cowen and Company.
Gregg Moskowitz: Carl, thanks for the additional information on ARPs during your prepared remarks, having said that given where you are today, you do have a lot of grounds and make up to reach 24% ARR CAGR by fiscal '20, can you elaborate on what gives you the confidence that you get there?
Carl Bass: Part of it is -- the calculation method we chose gives great certainty and repeatability, it's very auditable, but it is a method that can greatly understate the amount of revenue coming in. So one of the things we do and we’ll walk you through this example, but what we actually do is we take the revenue that comes in for the quarter, the recognized revenue which if it's particularly back end loaded, can be close to zero, and we divide it by the number of subscribers at the end of the quarter. So in the extreme if somebody -- so for example, I’ll use one example that’ll illustrate two points, the promotions were very heavily backend loaded. So you have a low phase offering that’s discounted, coming in very close to the end. So what you might get out of that is one day out of 91 worth of revenue, we’ll call it four days out of 365 or slightly less than 1% of the revenue that that subscription is worth, but we divide it by a whole subscriber. So it greatly under stakes the value. Even as we go through this it will normalize as Scott mentioned because the numbers come up -- the numbers get larger and you’ll get the same effect moving from quarter-to-quarter. In the beginning it's very sensitive to mix its very sensitive is to timing. So we’re ahead of our plans from where we want to be and while I understand that some people are paying lots of attention to ARPs, I think the better thing to look at going forward and we’ve tried to stress it as ARR, as Scott mentioned we’ll start giving you guidance on ARR and on the ARPs one we’ll start breaking it out so you don’t have to be guessing at the co-efficients between what’s in cloud, what’s in EBA, what’s in product subscriptions and even in the subset that's something like the legacy promotion. We think we can help you understand that a little better, again I'll tell you again one of the reasons we gave the numbers in the middle of the prepared remarks about like-for-like was to show you the increase in pricing that we were seeing and that was both -- there were some numbers that were quarter-over-quarter and somewhat year-over-year and we’ll detail that a little bit more next week at Investor Day, so you can see the thing. And what we think is the like-for-like is the best comparison.
Gregg Moskowitz: Okay, perfect. Thanks for that detail and I agree that will be helpful and I look forward to that. And then just one for Scott, any update on the timing to potentially change the segment classifications on product subscriptions and EBAs from the hybrid approach to 100% subscription on the income statement?
Scott Herren: Yes, Gregg fast enough [ph] on that. I would love to have that done now. I think I mentioned on this call last quarter the complication we’re doing it is, it’s not the revenue side, it’s the cog side. We working that very carefully, so the goal will be to end up with three revenue lines instead of the two that we have today, because I recognize the confusion it causes. The three lines would be one for maintenance revenue, one for subscription revenue which ties the new model and one for kind of license and other. As there will still be a small amount of license revenue that comes in. We’ll have to go through of course it carve up differed revenue and then new revenue going forward, so my goal is to get that done as quickly as possible, I'd look to roll that out next year.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley.
Stan Zlotsky: This is actually Stan Zlotsky sitting in for Keith. Thank you for taking our questions. So how much of the churn on maintenance subscription base was driven from maintenance subscribers moving over to desktop subscribers, and a quick follow up what happening with OEM and what are you thinking with the latest on pricing for the maintenance and enticing those customers to move over to become full product subscribers? Thank you.
Carl Bass: So on the first part we don’t know exactly, we use an estimation method that's fairly manual in order to do this and so we’ll try to explain this a little bit next week, but we don’t actually know exactly how many set through manual process. And we don’t automated it because that will make less and less sense going forward.  While I think I understand the second question was about conversions of the programs?
Stan Zlotsky: Yes it’s actually, are you driving pricing increases to entice people to move over from maintenance or are they doing it voluntarily through seeing a greater value proposition of those products or is there a third option [multiple speakers] thinking about?
Carl Bass: I think both on right now, and an ongoing basis it’s going to be a combo of the two. We’ve some incentives to move people forward we choose to go early. But a lot of it is a value in the new offering, which is the latest and includes large aspects of the cloud in it and gives you those additional flexibilities. So we think there will be a little bit of a push and a little bit of a pull.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Richard Davis from Canaccord.
Richard Davis : If I’m a firm that’s decided the switch to the cloud, to what extend should we thinking about -- is there any risk because this happened with Oracle to some degree, is there any risk that I would consider other cloud option, I mean obviously yes, but have you seen any kind of data that would say, that’s an issue or is more just like, listen we’re going to switch and when we switch I have all my model in Autodesk so I’m just going to go to your new model? Thanks. 
Carl Bass: On the cloud stuff Richard, in terms of having mature viable cloud products to both the AC industry and manufacturing. We’re really the only one that have it. You can look out and see some small startups that barely having interaction. We probably have three orders of magnitude, may be four orders of magnitude more usage in the cloud then they do.  So I think for people who are deciding that the cloud has real benefits, I think Autodesk is the natural choice. We’ve detailed a little bit at previous times, where we said, more than half and sometimes it was three quarters of the users of Fusion are coming from other mechanical CAD packages. So it’s not just our users, who are adding on cloud capabilities, it’s really to attract new users. The second part of it is, one of the things we did when we introduced our cloud products is we made sure they weren’t only direct competitors with what we already did. But it was to extend the market. So if you look at BIM 360, BIM 360 wasn’t a replacement for Revit, it was to extend having model based design go all the way out to the job site and reach all the construction workers. Those are the kind of things we’re trying to do, is expand the reach of our products, because of the more natural platform. And I think you’ve seen the same things in other parts of enterprise software with SaaS offerings, where people are expanding into parts of the company, that their legacy applications would have never go to. And I think it’s identical in the design and engineering world.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from a line of Sterling Auty from JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty : Carl, your prepared remarks you did touch upon the infrastructure possibility in terms of the new administration. Can you level set for us if you were to just give us a rough estimate, what percentage of the Autodesk business at this point is infrastructure related and how should we think about that within the U.S.?
Carl Bass: You know just for construction or broadly speaking the AC business, think of it as roughly around 50% and then you can take the fraction that's the U.S. part of that and go from there. And of course Mexico's going to be building the wall, so I guess we can extend to the rest of North America. So that's about the reach of it, you know it's the American part which is about a quarter on about 50%, something like that. I'd put it in the 10% to 15% range. 
Sterling Auty : Okay fair enough and then can you give us an update, so you touched upon the e-store a couple of times, the Analyst Day last year you talked about a lot of the improvements that you were making in North America the initiatives to move international with the e-store, where are you on those initiatives and you know are you at a point yet where you can start to break out how much of the revenue is actually coming through the e-store.
Scott Herren: Tell you what Carl I'll start and you can jump in. We have -- of course e-stores everywhere, we’ve launched our own e-stores now across North America and in most of Europe. The e-store continues to grow. We talked about the proportion of our sales that were direct versus indirect grew to the high 20s this quarter, I think 29% up sequentially from 25% just last quarter and 17% a year ago. So it continues to grow as a proportion of total sales and I think we'll continue to see that happen not so much because we're guiding people there, it's that style -- when you get to a subscription model buying direct is a style of interaction that customers want to have with the company much more so than when I renewed my subscription to the Wall Street Journal, I don't walk down to a bookstore to do that. I go to WSJ.com and do that renewal and I think we're going to see more of that business move in that direction.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from the line of Monika Garg from Pacific Crest Securities.
Monika Garg: Hi, thanks for taking my question you know how much revenue in the quarter came from indirect channel and where do you think channels could be as percentage of revenue over the next couple of years.
Scott Herren: Yes, Monika that's the data point I was just trying to give. So the direct channel in the quarter was 29% of sales and up from 25% last quarter, where that goes longer term it actually is a topic that we'll talk about again next week, but I don't think our view has changed much from the perspective that we had a year ago, which was as we get off the fiscal '20 we think the channel continues to be a significant part of our sales in terms of absolute dollars we think there are more dollars of sales going through the channel in fiscal '20 than there were in fiscal '16. But in terms of a percent of pie, the percent of the total sales that get done, it'll be a smaller percent by the time we get out there. So I think we'll see a case where the channel has a place where absolute dollars of revenue growth, by the way probably fewer channel partners out there than we have today, so it's a more profitable business for the channel partners that remain but as a percent of product sales it will come down pretty significantly from where it is.
Monika Garg: Got you, thanks. I have a question, on the final call Carl you talked about a lot of question on that already on the call. So if I look Q-over-Q ask for new model are down almost 10% in spite of the fact that collections were slow on subscription due to higher our revenue of per suite items, so why would that be the case and then, seven straight quarters of ARPs for new model being down?
Carl Bass: Generally speaking we have continued to add lower price products as we build this out. We started with the lot of EBA, we started with a lot of transactions going through the e-store. But we also went through, when you have backend loaded quarters, you greatly understate the value of that subscription. It's why during the thing I try to breakout how the prices were increasing for like-for-like products going forward. And I think that’s going to be an important one. What you are getting is, you’re trying to look at in average and guess the component pieces and rather than having you guess what we said we would do next year, is break it out so that you can actually see. In the interim what we did is we gave you some numbers for showing that the prices are actually increasing, even if the calculation methodology in the mix is heading down. As we said just some of the mix issues were responsible for 50% of the decline, so mixing time plays a big role here and remember how I just described that calculation that if you buy something at the end of the quarter for example on the last day, it greatly undervalues what that subscription is worth over the long term. At the quarter end which we had a fair amount of promotion and the promotion was backed loaded, you are going to see that. But I’ll reemphasis again, the prices of like-for-like, for people buying the same thing that they bought last quarter or a year ago, those prices are going up significantly. And I highlighted how they were going up significantly across the world.
Scott Herren: Yes, Monika what I would add, and again we will spend more time on this next week. If you go back to new model subscription sales a year ago, it was a small number, they were largely in mature markets, healthy mix of monthly and annual as well as many of them came through the e-store, the channel is still largely focused on selling perpetual licenses at that point. What we have seen over the last several quarters is a pretty significant uptake of new model subscription sales and I am talking about products subscription sales now, pretty significant uptake of those in emerging markets, which I think is healthy for the business. Certainly I would expect some of those to be recapture of pirates in those emerging markets, but as that happens of course those are lower priced, so that’s a headwind on ARPs. We see a lot more long term sales of product and lot less monthly, frankly we had a lot of tow dippers coming in monthly previously, previously we now have a lot more annual and multi-year. Again good for the business, but that monthly subscription price is about 50% higher than the annual subscription price, the monthly times 12 is about 50% more than annually. So that mix shift again good for the business not necessarily good for ARPs, it’s a headwinds, and then as the channel has gotten really engaged and is driving this, so a higher proportion of the sales of products subs come through the channel then a year ago were many of that things sold off to e-store again I think that's a positive for the business it gives us scale but it cuts into ARPs. So three trends that are very positive for our business and positive for the long-term ARR growth, but all that cut against growing ARPs in the short-term.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ken Wong from Citigroup.
Ken Wong : Carl you mentioned the convergence of maintenance and rentals early and I think you might have been heading down the path on one of the earlier questions, but could you give us some color on some of the moving pieces of that particular convergence?
Carl Bass: Yes, there are number of things that we've talked about. So one is if you look out to kind of call it FY’20 we want to be in a place where first of all we have really a single kind of offerings with a single back office and infrastructure to support it. One that will be a combination of subscriptions, product subscriptions as you see it plus a consumption model on top of it. That's where we see the business heading. Along the way it's how do we motivate customers to move from one model to another that’s actually in the program, what are the price points, how does that transition working and we’ll talk a little bit more about this next week. But in our mind getting to a single model is really important, it will give the best service to our customers it will be the most affordable us to have, we can start getting rid of some of the systems that were designed for a different era and be able to really concentrate on giving a world class experience for what users are trying to do today. So as we go through the next couple of years we’ll talk about how we do that and how we do that the most prudence and responsible way.
Ken Wong: Got it, looking forward to next weekend then. And then building on Stan's question around maintenance and just renewal, any rough sense of the magnitude of renewal that are coming up in Q4 relative to Q3?
Scott Herren: Yes, sure Ken. So renewals tend to be on the anniversary of when the license was sold and of course Q4 as far has been our biggest quarter, we've sold the most perpetual licenses over -- if you look back over the last several years we saw the most in Q4. So we have a significant renewal base that comes up during Q4 that I would go back though and highlight what Carl mentioned in the script, renewal rate is actually stronger this year than it was last year. So yes we're seeing a decline to the absolute numbers, but it's not driven by decline in renewal rate, it's driven by the rate at which the maintenance agreements come up for renewal and then in some cases we are incentivizing them and successfully moving them over to new model.
Carl Bass: Yes, we’ll also see an effect in Q4 some people moving to EBAs. As we've talked about we are really encouraging our large customers to move to EBAs and there is an issue in which we don’t count the subscribers until the following quarter. You might have seen this in Q1 of this year and the same phenomena will go on. So particularly if someone goes from being a large maintenance customer to an EBA customer you will see some of that attendance to depress the number of maintenance customers and you will see the corresponding increase, but you won’t see it till Q1.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Steve Koenig from Wedbush Securities.
Steve Koenig: I apologize if this question has been asked, hopefully it hasn’t. I’m wondering if you could elaborate a little bit on your expectation for subscriber -- subscription counts, which implies acceleration in the out years. May be if you could give us a little color on -- or a ranking of the factors that will drive that, when you think about things like piracy and cloud et cetera. What’s going to drive that acceleration that you guys are looking for and to what extend are you starting to see those things kick in?
Carl Bass: So in the kind of the existing business, what we’re really looking for is the three places we saw at this time, one was legacy, one is piracy and one is new customers. And I think we’ve seen this effectiveness. We’ve been able to detail the effectiveness of the legacy programs very specifically. Piracy is a little bit harder, unlike legacy where people claim to be a legacy customer, people don’t claim to be former pirates. So it make it a little bit difficult to identify them as former pirates, but we do have our ways. I expect to see more from that and like we said about a third of the customers coming are new customers. In terms of the other things that we see is, good growth amongst our enterprise customers in terms of EBA’s in the size of those and then the whole new category of cloud customers and consumption. So you both have cloud customers and then consumption models where people kind pay as they go for various services. Many of them will be tired directly to cloud products but many will be consumption, based into things like the Collections. So for example if someone is doing simulation or rendering in a collection, they will get some amount with it and if they wanted use extra they will pay as they go. So that’s where we’re expecting to see that.
Steve Koenig : Got it, I’ll leave it at that, thanks Carl. 
Carl Bass: And next week you’ll see a bunch more about it, but right now our cloud business is doing incredibly quickly, we’re really pleased with the growth we’re seeing in the cloud business. We’ll talk more about which customers we’re getting with the cloud business and why that expands the margin.
Operator: Our next question from the line of Brent Thill from UBS. 
Brent Thill: Carl you mentioned a third of the subscribers are now coming from new customers. I’m curious what may be most surprising to you, what you’re seeing in terms of switchers from the competition, Greenfield, old users, pirate, how do you put the community together and highlight where you seeing the strongest numbers of new users coming into the platform?
Carl Bass: I probably put in, probably in that category, I have to guess, like I said, right now we’re doing a bunch of manual work to figure out all the new customers, how many were really free [ph] we’ve seen before versus those who pirated the software. So we’re trying to understand that dynamic a little bit more, and then we’ll talk a little bit more about that. As a rough guess, one of the ways to think about it, we’ve talked about this before. For every legitimate user out there, there is about one, slightly more than one user who's not paying for the software, so my guess would be, as we made some of these offerings more affordable from an upfront perspective we're attracting a fair number of the pirates. So the piracy base is probably bigger than we originally anticipated, you know kind of last year when we laid out these goals. The second thing is the legacy base is probably bigger than we laid out last year at this time. We saw it in terms of the distribution throughout the years again you know the mid-point is again around seven years. So we're seeing a fair number of people who are historical users. So on both those fronts we're kind of pleased. You know the Greenfield is a little harder to identify for certain, the other ones we have a better chance at, but we'll give you a little bit more color on this as we go and we get the numbers.  Like I said at a certain point it won't actually matter, but we are looking at both piracy as well as maintenance customers who are moving over.
Brent Thill: And just a quick follow up, you've been talking a lot about you know the make process, you can bill it, but then you got to make it and you mentioned in the past it hasn't been a big -- maybe as big a piece of revenue could be a lot bigger in the business. Can you maybe just update us in terms of what you're seeing on that core area?
Carl Bass: Yes. So for example you know a lot of -- I mean we're seeing a number there, in the AC area you know particularly with products like BIM 360, BIM 360 really is communicating with all of our nontraditional customers involved in the process. If things like our structural analysis software for the architects and engineers BIM 360 encompasses the entire workflow, all the way from architects to general contractors, to subcontractors and next week we'll go through a bunch of deal, a bunch of what we're doing there and how it's reaching people that are actually on the construction site, building stuff. When you look at the other things like manufacturing Fusion 360 as well as all of our advanced manufacturing products are really very specifically about you know the next part of the process, I’ve kind of joked, but we're helping people make beautiful digital prototypes things that stay on that side of the glass, but you know our customers get paid for making real things. And so what we started doing a number of years ago is starting to helping them in that process, of taking it from one side of the screen to the other side of the screen and we have you know lots of stuff going on in composite materials, a lot we have going on with machining, communicating on the factory floor as well as the construction site, those are all expansions of the market and we'll spend a fair amount of time. We generally spend most of our time and probably appropriately so, as people have been very interested in the business model transition, but like I said this is a growing and very important part of the business and as people look you know to the next couple of years they’ll become increasingly important. So we'll give you some more details.
Operator: Thank you, and that concludes our question and answer session for today, I would like to turn the conference back over to Autodesk management for any closing comments.
David Gennarelli: Thanks Karen, that will conclude our call today, as Carl mentioned we do have our Investor Day next week, next Tuesday the 6th, it's going to be at our gallery in San Francisco and after that we'll be at the Barclays conference in San Francisco on December 8th, if you need to reach me, you can reach me at 415-507-6033 or email me with any questions. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2016-08-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Gennarelli - Senior Director of IR Carl Bass - CEO Scott Herren - CFO
Analysts: Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Saket Kalia - Barclays Richard Davis - Canaccord Shateel Alam - Goldman Sachs Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company Ken Wong - Citigroup Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Brent Thill - UBS Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Matt Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets Kash Rangan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Monika Garg - Pacific Crest Steve Koenig - Wedbush
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Autodesk Second Quarter Fiscal 2017 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to David Gennarelli, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Gennarelli: Thanks, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our second quarter of fiscal 2017. Also on the line is Carl Bass, our CEO; and Scott Herren, our CFO. Today's call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. As noted in our press release, we have published our prepared remarks on our website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments, and we will not repeat them on this call. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the anticipated future performance of the Company such as our guidance for the third quarter and full-year fiscal 2017; our long-term financial model guidance; the factors we use to estimate our guidance, including currency headwinds; expectations regarding our restructuring; our transition to new business models; our market opportunities and strategies and trends for various products, geographies and industries. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time to time with the SEC, specifically our Form 10-K for the fiscal year 2016, our Form 10-Q for the period ending April 30, 2016, and our current reports on Form 8-K, including the Form 8-K furnished with today's press release and prepared remarks. Those documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today's call, but will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. Those non-GAAP financial measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today's press release, prepared remarks and on the Investor Relations section of our website. We will quote a number of numeric or growth changes as we discuss our financial performance, and unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Carl.
Carl Bass: Thanks, Dave. We had a terrific quarter, and we reached a very important milestone with the end of selling perpetual licenses. Our Q2 results mark another solid quarter of execution and progress on our two big initiatives; increasing lifetime customer value; and secondly, driving increased adoption of our cloud-based solutions. I'll share more details on our Q2 results and then update you on what we've been doing around creating long-term shareholder value before getting into the current quarter and our outlook for the rest of the year. Starting with subscription numbers, we added 109,000 net new subscriptions in the quarter. We're really happy with the growth of new model subscription additions, which more than doubled year-over-year to 125,000. It was a strong quarter for product subscriptions, which drove the vast majority of the new model sub additions and it’s a clear sign of the progress on the transition with our customers and partners. Keep in mind that we didn't have any big promotions going on like we did in Q1. Product subscriptions had strong sequential growth and dramatic year-over-year growth of over three times. Product subscriptions come to us from a number of sources. We're really pleased to see that one of the primary sources continues to be net new customers, which accounted for approximately one-third of product subscription additions in Q2. It's impossible to get perfect clarity on these new customers, but it's likely that a portion of these people were previously pirating software and now have a much more affordable option with our subscription. Still others have been using alternative design tool and can now get access to better software. Looking at the other new model subscription types, our token-based EBAs experienced good year-over-year growth, but added fewer than we did in our seasonally high Q1. And once again, we had a record quarter for cloud subscription additions. BIM 360 and Fusion 360 are leading the way, and we continue to have success with our other cloud products such as Shotgun and Fusion Lifecycle, formerly known as PLM 360. We continue to build on our leadership in the cloud and our cloud services play an increasingly important role in our transition. Maintenance is our other primary subscription bucket. The renewal rate for maintenance subscriptions increased significantly year-over-year and remain near historic highs. Keep in mind that as we go forward, we'll start to experience larger decreases in maintenance subscriptions since we are no longer selling perpetual licenses. We'll also be incentivizing customers on maintenance to switch to a product subscription. As we've outlined in the past, by the end of next fiscal year, we expect to have more customers on our new model subscriptions than maintenance subscriptions. We are adamant about supporting our maintenance customers, and at some point in the future, these programs will converge into a single subscription offering. As we've indicated before, growth in subscriptions will drive growth in ARR. The strong growth in new model subscriptions in Q2 fueled an 86% year-on-year constant currency increase in new model ARR. Total ARR growth was 14% in constant currency year-over-year. Total recurring revenue was 67% of our total reported revenues. That's a big jump compared to 55% in Q2 last year and a slight decrease from last quarter due to the surge in perpetual suite sales. With just a few exceptions, we're now in a subscription-only model, so you can expect another jump in the percentage of recurring revenue starting in Q3. Our Q2 revenue results were well ahead of expectations and were influenced primarily by a larger-than-expected surge in last opportunity buying of perpetual licenses for suites. Recall that in Q4, we had 10% increase in unit volume related to the end of sale of perpetual licenses for individual products. Our analysis of Q2 suggests that just under 20% of our unit volume was related to end-of-sale activity for suites. This was bigger than expected, and I'd like to give you some insights on what we saw. It was only over the last two weeks of the quarter that we started to experience a surge in demand for suites perpetual licenses, almost entirely driven by the channel. What was really interesting is that at the same time we experienced the uptick in perpetual license sales, we also saw the acceleration of product subscription sales. The unique aspect of this activity relative to what we experienced in Q4 is that roughly half of the volume for suites came from customers crossgrading from an individual product. This is neutral to the subscription count since the customer has to be on maintenance in order to crossgrade, but it's absolutely positive for in-period revenue and ultimately ARR, since the customer will be paying more annually for their maintenance plan. Overall, the increase in volume related to the end of perpetual suites was greater than we anticipated, but we are very pleased with how product subscriptions performed in the quarter and the overall net result is positive for Autodesk. Our total unit volume in the second quarter increased compared to Q2 last year and was in line with our expectations even when normalizing for the increased activity related to the end of sale for suites. It's not surprising that the end of sale for suites drove a sequential uptick in license revenue. What might be surprising is that we're not seeing faster growth in our as-reported subscription revenue line. There are two things that are inhibiting that growth. The first is FX, which is causing about a 4 point headwind. The second is the accounting treatment of product subscription and EBA revenue. While our new model subscriptions are deferred and recognized ratably over their contract length, a sizable portion of both our product subscription and our EBAs are recognized as license revenue. In fact, roughly 80% of product subscription and roughly 55% of EBAs get recorded as license revenue. Cloud is the only new model subscription type that gets 100% recorded as subscription revenue. If all the new model subscriptions were recognized 100% as subscription revenue, that line would show 10% year-over-year growth as reported and 14% growth adjusted for currency. We are currently working towards providing a clearer breakout of our reporting so that our total subscription revenue can be seen directly in our reporting disclosures. Now let me get into a few more details of our Q2 results. By now it should be very clear that our channel partners are fully engaged with our subscription model. 68% of new model subscription additions came through our channel partners compared to just 47% in Q2 last year and 63% last quarter. The volume of subscriptions coming through our eStore also continues to gain momentum and nearly doubled from Q2 last year. Total direct revenue was 25% in the second quarter despite most of the surge from the end of sale of suites coming through the channel. That's up from 20% in Q2 last year. On the expense side, our total spend decreased by almost 4% as we continue to diligently control our spending. We are continuing to make structural changes that allow us to spend less yet focus on our key initiatives. While we are being very disciplined about our spending, we are doing it without compromising the long-term health of the company.  We also increased our stock buyback in Q2 to $170 million in light of the dip in the stock caused by the temporary panic around the Brexit vote. Overall, we were very pleased with the Q2 results. All of the trends we saw reinforced our confidence that the transition is working for our customers, our partners and Autodesk. That's a good segue into what I've touched on in the last couple of earnings calls about what we're doing to create long-term value for our shareholders. We continue to get many questions in this area, so I'm happy to talk about it. If you've been around the tech industry as long as I have, you've no doubt seen the carnage of once great technology companies that ultimately failed to innovate and keep their competitive advantage. Autodesk has been the leader in the world of design and engineering software for over 30 years and what we're doing with this transition is positioning Autodesk to lead the next generation of this kind of software. Our transition happens on two fronts. We're currently in the midst of a business model and pricing transition, where our customers are moving to term-based subscriptions. This will lead to a highly predictable model over time and a significant increase in the value our customers get from our products. The best indicator for this is the rapid growth we're experiencing in new model subscriptions and new model ARR. In support of this model change, we are simplifying our entire go-to-market strategy and reducing our cost structure while we increase our ability to more effectively serve our customers. The second front of our transition is how we are building platforms to exploit the cloud and dramatically expand the size of our market opportunities. We're well ahead of our traditional competitors on this front, and we're investing to secure the future of Autodesk. These mobile and cloud technologies are opening up significant opportunities in the areas of construction and manufacturing that are completely new to Autodesk. These new platforms are for a once-in-a-generation opportunity to redefine the competitive landscape. Our cloud-based products continue to gain momentum and are already the undisputed leaders in their respective categories. So this is how I'd summarize how we're building long-term shareholder value in three simple bullets; one, we're increasing the lifetime value of every customer; two, we're changing our cost structure by focusing our product portfolio and go-to-market strategies; and three, we're building the best cloud and mobile-based products and services in the industry, which significantly expands our total available market as the underlying technology platform shifts to the cloud. Now let's take a look at what's going on here in the current quarter, Q3. Our newly introduced Collections are a great example of increasing lifetime customer value. On August 1, we launched Collections, which is our next generation of suites with the addition of our cloud services. Suites was tremendously successful for Autodesk, but with Collections, we're significantly reducing complexity by offering just 3 Collections, one for AEC, one for Manufacturing and one for M&E, making them easier to sell and consume. We're offering single-user and multi-user access and choices of different term lengths to fit their needs. The value of our customers is tremendous and well exceeds the premium suite. We've priced Collections so that the average customer value to Autodesk will increase as well. We're only 25 days into selling Collections, but we're very happy with the start. Despite the strong performance of suites at the end of Q2, in their first few weeks we're seeing the same volume level for Collections that we experienced for suites in the same period a year ago. From a tactical standpoint, some of you have been asking about pricing and promotions. We are currently running another promotion aimed at our legacy customers. It's similar to the very successful promotion that we ran in Q1, but the discount is smaller. You can expect us to continue to work to convert these legacy customers with various promotions and incentives as we go forward. Like I've said before, running a business is different than running a spreadsheet. One area that we constantly evaluate is how we use pricing to drive subscriptions and ARR growth. Having said that, we wouldn't make significant decisions around packaging or pricing without first testing in certain markets. This is especially true when it comes to our flagship products like AutoCAD and LT. In early September, pricing changes will go into effect that will rationalize the pricing of AutoCAD LT, AutoCAD and the AutoCAD verticals. We believe these moves will drive customers to the right product for their needs at higher billings and ARR for Autodesk. Now turning to our outlook for Q3 and the full year. Our view of the macroeconomic environment's impact on our business hasn't changed over the past several quarters. The global conditions have remained uneven with most of the mature markets performing relatively well, while most of the emerging markets have been challenged. As we evaluated our strong Q2 results, we didn't see any meaningful change in the demand environment. And as I indicated earlier, we don't see any immediate fallout from the Brexit vote. As always, it's impossible to say what the long-term impact might be, but we don't see any near-term risk. Our strong Q2 results likely pulled forward some demand from the second half of the year, but we're comfortable with bringing up the bottom end of our previous ranges for both revenue and EPS for FY '17. We're also lowering our spend projection for FY '17 based on the better-than-expected progress we've made on this front. We remain confident in our long-term goals of growing our subscription base by a 20% CAGR through FY '20, which will drive a 24% CAGR in ARR. We also remain committed to keeping spend growth flat in FY '18. The lower spend projection also enhances our projected path to free cash flow of roughly $6 per share in FY '20 and $11 per share in FY '23. So to wrap things up, we're very pleased with the consistent execution over the past few quarters. We're really excited to be another major step further along in the transition and now fully in the subscription-only model. We have a clear vision and plan for creating a more predictable, recurring and profitable business in the years to come. We are focused on driving higher lifetime value, simplifying our offerings and our go-to-market activities, and significantly increasing our market opportunity as we lead the next wave of design and engineering software to the cloud. Operator, we'd now like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Carl, let me ask you first about the pricing that you plan to take next month. Could you give some specifics as to how you're thinking about what the changes might be? And is this part of what you referred to in the past as SRP realization as a concept for you to help improve pricing and margin? Secondly, with respect to the decay of classic maintenance over time, how are you thinking about the rate of that decline? When we look at one of your competitors BBC, which is moving mostly but not entirely to subscription, the state of rate of decline for their maintenance is low to mid-single digit. So would you anticipate going fully to subscription that your decay of maintenance might be so much faster than that?
Carl Bass: Yes. So let me start with the pricing and then Scott and I can kind of tag team the one about the maintenance decline. So starting with the pricing, what we wanted to do was, as I said, kind of rationalize the 3 different price points of AutoCAD LT, AutoCAD and the AutoCAD verticals. Whenever possible, we would like customers to get the right product. More often than not, that is on AutoCAD vertical, particularly tailored to what they -- the discipline they're in. And on the other side, for the more casual users, LT is clearly the more appropriate product. And what we were trying to do is move the price points apart, get the appropriate separation. And what we saw, I kind of referred to in the remarks, in our testing is that we can, with the right pricing, move more LT customers to AutoCAD and AutoCAD customers to the vertical. And so this is a part of the overall pricing. I wouldn't say it's particularly what I would refer to the SRP realization. It's just increasing total pricing, but it's part of a pricing optimization strategy. And let me take the first pass. Couple of things will contribute to the maintenance decline, as you said, classic maintenance. One is going to be the fall off from people who just choose not to renew for all of the usual reasons. The second one will be the conversion of the maintenance customers on to the subscription side. And on the first one, we talked a little bit about it and that we said that we expected the subscription base to be larger by the end of next year, and we gave you some hints or at least we gave you an algebra problem you can work on tonight, Jay. And then on the second one, we also talked a little bit about programmatic ways of doing that and over time how we will continue to encourage customers to move from classic maintenance to the new subscriptions. Scott, you want to add something?
Scott Herren: No, I think you said it right. It's the decay rate. We [indiscernible] vary within that pool of maintenance subscribers by the way between low-end LT customers that have a slightly lower renewal rate versus suites maintenance customers, which have a much higher renewal rate. So as that pool moves over, the maintenance pool will go continually down from this point, basically 1 minus our turn rate. And at that point, what you'll see is the mix will shift inside that pool. So if you think of maintenance revenue as a P-time SKU, think of the price, the average price inside there beginning to shift more toward suites customers out through time, but the overall decline being driven by the low-end LT customers. I think the other way to peg this, Jay, as you sit down and do your modeling, is what we've said -- and I think we showed you these curves back at Investor Day, that our expectation is by the end of next year, the number of maintenance subscribers and the maintenance ARR will be below the new model subscribers and new model ARR by the end of next year.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Saket Kalia from Barclays.
Saket Kalia: Maybe first to start off, I know ARR, maybe this is for you, Scott, but I know ARR is the better metric to look at. But for those of us that still look at billings, can you just give us a sense for how billings or maybe trending for those new model subscribers or new model billings versus maintenance billings because you obviously have a headwind from maintenance in that deferred revenue accounts? So any color on how new model billings are doing would be helpful?
Scott Herren: Yes, Saket. One of the reasons that I don't think billings are the best indicator of our progress of course is they are term specific. And if I sign a new customer, but they only sign up for 1 year, that's 1/3 of the billings if I sign that same customer for 3 years. So I think it's a little bit less of an indicator than things like ARR, which are annualized than, of course, the overall subscription growth. But if you do quick math, deferred revenue changed by $3 million during the quarter, so our billings tracked pretty much to our reported revenues. And when you peel back billings at a high level, they track very much in line with what you see on subscription versus license.
Saket Kalia: Got it. That's helpful. And then for my follow-up, Carl, I think you mentioned that you saw good crossgrade activity for maintenance to product subscriptions, which of course is a net neutral to the subs count. Can you just give us a sense for how many of those crossgrade you saw this quarter? And then more broadly, are you still seeing customers from product versions older than five years make that crossgrade?
Carl Bass: Yes, so let me go backwards. Well, so we didn't see customers from very far back because we didn't run any of the promotions. So the typical kind of legacy promotion where people had to be on subscription already. What I did mention is that in Q3, we were running a similar promotion to the one that we ran in Q1. So again, we'll talk about that 90 days from now and see how many of the legacy customers we can attract. We didn't break out the number on your other question of people who converted, but it was a substantial number. I'll leave it to Scott if he wants to give a number.
Scott Herren: Yes, the color I'd add to that is, if you think of the quarter that we just closed, we actually saw 2 end of sale surges kind of at the same time. There was -- the normal end of sale surge that -- like we saw in Q4, where it was the last chance for our customer who wanted to buy a Suite perpetual license and there are some buy ahead activity, some pull ahead of future demand for that set of customers. And by the way, we predicted that, I think, pretty accurately versus what the results were. The piece that also happened was, of course, when we saw your last perpetual license, you also saw your last crossgrade. And we saw a lot of the same behavior that we saw at the end of -- if you remember when we stop selling upgrades in our fiscal '15, so more than a year ago, we saw a big spike in demand for people who were already using our product, but decided they wanted to upgrade to a more full functioned product. They're willing to pay more for it. We saw some of that same upgrade-like behavior happen within our crossgrades. And I think that's the piece that surprised us a bit and it's a positive for ARR. It's a neutral for subscribers because you had to be on maintenance to be eligible for the crossgrade, but it's a positive for ARR and it's a positive for total revenue going forward. So that's the way I would think about the surge we saw at the end of this quarter.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Richard Davis from Canaccord.
Richard Davis: So it sounds like -- I mean, you're getting good growth as you kind of pointing out, reduced piracy and also kind of changed vendors. The question that I hear, when you hear from people thinking about changing vendors is a big hurdle is just kind of the data migration and things like that. Has there been any -- have you guys done anything technologically to make that less painful? Because if I have a model set and a different vendor, I'm terrified that if I move it over to you guys, it will incinerate me or something like that. So that's really kind of -- help me understand how you can make that less fearful for these folks trying to...
Carl Bass: Yes. Despite the advice of our legal counsel, I can guarantee you it will incinerate you, Richard. Let me just divide the markets and talk about the dynamics slightly differently. In the AEC market, which is more project based, it comes up for a building or a roadway or a bridge. There is more willingness -- there is slightly more willingness to shift with new projects as new teams come together. I think the place where you hear even greater reluctance is in manufacturing. And there we did -- we've done a number of things that we've rolled out across our product portfolio that allow customers to work in new software and access the data that they created over the last couple of decades. So they can work with the native data. They don't -- obviously, as always, we can translate it and convert it. But even more importantly, we now let customers leave their data in the native data format and work on it whether they're doing modeling or visualization or simulation. So that's been, over the last two years, a pretty big breakthrough in giving people a much smoother ramp to go from one of the legacy products to a new one. And at a certain point, one of the other things that has to happen in motivating people to move to something is the new stuff has to be that much better. If you think about it, particularly manufacturing, many of the products that people are using are more than 20 years old. And we would like to think in the industry that we can do better than having 20-year-old products be state of the art. So part of it is making the new products and the new product experiences much more compelling. The other is to reassure people about being able to migrate their data or to use all their data and access it for as long as they need to.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini from Goldman Sachs.
Shateel Alam: This is Shateel Alam in for Heather. First one is on expenses. So your expenses were down 4% this quarter and you lowered guidance for the year. Can you talk about some of the actions you've taken that are driving this spend to be lower than you're expecting? In the past, you talked about discontinuing some noncore products in trade of hardware. Just wondering if we could see more of that. Are you done with that type of product streamlining?
Carl Bass: The two biggest places have clearly been on consolidation of the product portfolio, and the second place is in, I just say, overall in our go-to-market activities. As it refers to the product portfolio, I mean, we're on a multi-year transition to a much more streamlined portfolio, including making the end of life of certain products. But also, as you look at collections as a big simplification from suites, all across the board, we're trying to simplify the portfolio, make it easy on customers, make it easy on our partners. And so you'll continue to see the folding in of certain functionality into the products that we keep going forward, the elimination of some of the older and less important ones. And we're constantly pruning for the things that work and don't work. So I would not, at all, expect to see -- or said more positively, I would expect to see that same kind of proactive management of the portfolio for the next couple of years.
Shateel Alam: Got it, that's helpful. And then for my follow-up, new model subs, the additions of 125 was higher than we're expecting. Can you just give some color on the mix that was traditional, desktop and EBA versus new cloud offerings? And are we starting to see new cloud subs become a higher portion of the adds now?
Scott Herren: Yes, Shateel. This is Scott. We had a record, I think, Carl mentioned this actually in the opening commentary. We had a record quarter for cloud sub adds, so it continues to move along nicely. But that new model space will continue -- did this quarter and will continue into the future to be dominated by product subscriptions, so term licenses. In fact, for the first time, we had more inventory of product subscriptions within the new model type than of enterprise coming out of the EBAs. So think of it as being dominated by product subscriptions, EBAs would be next, cloud would be next.
Shateel Alam: Great. Thank you. That’s helpful.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gregg Moskowitz from Cowen and Company.
Gregg Moskowitz: Okay. Thank you very much and good afternoon. Carl, if you look at Asia Pac, customers there have historically moved more slowly to adapt to our subscriptions. In the Q1, however, you did reference, I think, an uptick in new model subscriptions towards the end of that period. Can you give us an update on what you saw out of Asia in Q2?
Carl Bass: Yes. I mean, I will continue to say that parts of Asia are slower to adopt the new model. We've had some pockets of success with some of our traditional partners in some of the electronic channels that have been more positive, but overall, slightly slower adoption with a handful of countries. And as you do the analysis, it's a little bit hard to dissect exactly what's going on since up until now, the preference of the channel partners kind of shown through and that they were able to exert certain forces on the customers. Moving forward, that goes away so, hopefully, everyone will be aligned. It's a great relief to make it to August 1 and get into just the new model. And I suspect going forward, we'll see more normalization. But given that there were two choices, Asia Pac certainly lagged a little bit.
Gregg Moskowitz: Okay, that's helpful. And then just for Scott, based on where you are at this point in the year, you're calling for about 250,000 or so net subscribers in the second half, at least, at the midpoint of the range. And I know you don't guide quarterly, of course, but maybe you can just share with the group your high-level thoughts around net adds for Q3 as compared with Q4 as you see it today. Thanks.
Scott Herren: Yes, sure, Gregg. We always have a seasonal pattern of demand. If you think of where the subs will come into the second half of the year, there will be more than 100% of what we add will be new model, right. Maintenance will be on a continual slow, but on a steady decline. So all of the new adds will come from new model types. New model types tend to have the same seasonality as a lot of our, previously, our perpetual license did. So heavier in Q4 than in Q3 would be normal demand pattern. We also see Q4 typically heavy on EBA sales, although as you see in the last couple of years, we sell a lot of them in Q4, the EBAs will pick up those subs in Q1. So think of this as being driven -- the Q3 versus Q4 driven by our normal seasonality pattern first. And then secondarily, we do think was were some demand pulled forward from some of the end of sale of suites at the very end of Q2 that probably makes Q3 from a sub adds standpoint a little bit more challenging than what we'd normally expect with normal seasonality.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ken Wong from Citigroup.
Ken Wong: Great. Thanks for taking my question. My first question for you, Carl, with collections now, it's been out in the market for about a month. How should we think about kind of the customers you're attracting here? Is it customers that are using a few products moving up to collections? Or are you seeing your traditional suite customers kind of recognize the incremental value with this comprehensive bundle, and those are ones that are primarily moving towards collections?
Carl Bass: Yes, Ken, it's probably just a little too early to know for sure. And it's almost like give us the two more months. In this first month, we have certainly seen some of the suites customers move over. Some of the buying at the end of the quarter was anticipation of being able to move from suites to collections. So there's certainly some of that in there, but we'll be able to do a little bit better breakdown of the customers when we get a little bit more traction there. It's just a little bit premature.
Ken Wong: Got it. And then earlier in your prepared remarks, you mentioned at some point convert to a single subscription offering. Is this just consistent with what you guys have said in the past where just kind of a natural bleed off of maintenance and then you eventually just be all kind of new model subs? Or is there something more specific that you guys are looking to do to try to converge that process sooner?
Carl Bass: Two things. I think we're being more direct in a general sense, but it's probably, at this point, we don't want to give more details. But what we do know and we have talked about the complexity and the expense that comes with multiple models. And so we'll continue to look at ways to just simplify all of the offerings and merge the programs into one as it makes sense. But I think we were, at least, hinting at more proactive behavior on our part.
Scott Herren: Yes, Ken, the only color I would add to that is you've seen us do some of this already, first, with suites and now with collections. You see us bundling together to kind of ease the ramp from -- you see us bundling the Windows-based, whether it's perpetual license or product subscriptions, with cloud to kind of ease that on-ramp. And I think you'll see us continue to do more of that to make it easier to consume, to give customers a choice within what they ought to execute, whichever product type that they like. That was one of the guiding tenants with the way we design collections, and I think you'll just see that continue.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Steve Ashley from Robert W. Baird.
Steve Ashley: Hi. Most of my questions have been asked, but let me ask about Japan. Just maybe color on what is going on there. And is there, trend-wise, any hope or any color on that would be great.
Carl Bass: I'd say flat line. It is what it is. It hasn't gotten better and it hasn't gotten worse. Scott, would you want to...
Scott Herren: I think, that's right. I think, the year-on-year impacts in Japan are probably more pronounced than elsewhere because they were slower last year to adopt a new model type, so the falling off a cliff of going from perpetual license to new model types is more pronounced in Japan than it is elsewhere. I think that's part of what we're seeing. Part of it is just the continuation of the trend that we've seen where it's been a tough economy in Japan, and we feel some of that. And I think it's -- so no change is what I'd say, Steve. But I think part of what we're feeling from a year-on-year standpoint is just the difference in the adoption model.
Steve Ashley: And then in terms of the promotions you're running, you've been great about calling out the fact that you are running a fairly aggressive promotion less discounting than we saw in the first quarter. But in terms of digital marketing and how much wood you're putting behind the arrow, is there any difference in how visible you will be with this promotion versus the one you ran in the first quarter?
Carl Bass: Yes, Steve. What I said, last time, we thought the promotion was generous, but not well known by all of our customers. And after having run it in that one quarter, we thought we could turn the two knobs and turn down the discounting and turn up the awareness. And as we said a quarter ago, we were extremely pleased and surprised by the results at how far back into a legacy user base we could reach. And that was with, I'd say, minimal awareness. And so we would like to promote that more heavily going forward, and we thought we could accomplish both goals of greater SRP realization and a good response by just turning up the awareness. So you should see a little bit more of it. And as we indicated in the opening commentary, you can see more of it going forward.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss: Excellent. Thank you guys for taking the question. Given the fact that suites were a bigger part of sort of what was going on in this quarter, you talked a lot about a lot more new model subscription types coming from suites. I would have expected the ARPS number, the pricing side of the equation start to improve. But by my math, it's still down sequentially a little bit both on maintenance and new model subs. One -- as a two-part question, one, why has that continued to decline? And two, when should we expect that to turn back up and start being one of the drivers of ARR growth?
Scott Herren: Yes, Keith. We talked about this I think last quarter as well. Part of what's going on there is just the math. When you do the ARPS calculation, you're taking a quarter average ARR and dividing it by a quarter end sub count, right? So if you go back and say quarter average ARR divided by quarter average sub count, you'll get a different answer on that. But I think overriding longer term, you do need to expect for some period of time that to continue to come down. And it will come down simply driven by mix. We've talked about ARPS being very mix sensitive. It will continue to be mix sensitive. And as we get further out and layer on more quarters of selling suites and collections in our higher-priced products only in the new model way, you'll begin to see that ARPS rebound. But short term, we'll continue -- that pool will be more heavily dominated by the lower-priced LT and AutoCAD, things that have been out there only as product subs for the last six months. That's the way you ought to think about it. Very mix sensitive.
Carl Bass: And to be a little bit more quantitative about it, I would look out about three quarters before we probably saw the inflection.
Keith Weiss: Okay. And that's just because -- that's what I was going to how long it will take for the demand on the suite side of the equation or now the collection side of the equation to really ramp up and sort of normalize that mix? It felt like once you end perpetual for suites and all the new buying for those high-end products becomes new model, that should start sort of inflecting that number upwards?
Scott Herren: Yes, you've got to layer in multiple quarters of that ARR, Keith, before it gets -- it becomes as representative of the total new model ARR as the things that have already been out there for two or three quarters selling it only in a new model way. So that's the reason you see the lag. It starts now, but there'll be a lag effect before you get that entire pool properly representing what the new sales look like.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brent Thill from UBS.
Brent Thill: Thanks. Scott, the midpoint of the guide looks like there's a little sequential growth from Q3 to Q4. Can you just explain why that is?
Scott Herren: One of the benefits of the shift that we're taking is we have a lot more clarity on day one of a quarter of what the reported revenues are going to look like. So as we look at both what we already have in deferred revenue for Q3 and what's sitting in backlog, we've got very high coverage of the number that we forecast for Q3 and obviously, a higher degree of certainty on that. As we get closer to Q4, we'll be in that same position on Q4, and we can evaluate if it makes sense to go up at that point.
Brent Thill: Okay. And just a follow-up on the ARPS question. It was down 7%. I mean, should we continue to expect over the next couple of quarters that to be down mid-single digit? Is that kind of a good way to think of it? Or should we think on the higher end of this?
Scott Herren: Yes. Let me start, Carl, and you can add color. So think of ARPS at a minimum in the two line items, maintenance separate from new model. New model will have the trend that I just talked about, to Keith on the prior question, right? It will take a couple of quarters for that entire pool of new model ARR to be representative of the new sales that are going on. On the maintenance side, I think, you'll see the ARPS there rebound a little bit quicker. We will see -- we'll continue to see higher renewal rates on suites, and the suites will become a bigger part of the pool faster. So it may be a quarter out, it may be two quarters out, but I think you can expect to see ARPS rebound a little bit more quickly on the maintenance side than on the new model side.
Carl Bass: Yes, I would agree directionally with Scott, and I would say back to the mix, I think, as we gauge the success of legacy promotions and just the cloud services that will affect the mix as well. So we'll be able to give a little bit more clarity as we go there.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty from JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty: Thanks. Hi, guys. Given the perpetual sales of suites were higher than you expected in the quarter, is there a way to quantify the unit volume beyond the items you gave earlier? And specifically, what I'm looking for is, is there any chance that, that has an impact on your full year 475,000 to 525,000 subscription addition number because of that pull forward?
Carl Bass: Yes. So I mean, one is we raised the bottom of the range, which is our indication that we don't think it has any effect. We remain confident in that and I would say, increasingly confident about it. It was interesting to see, and as I tried to highlight in the remarks, as we saw the surge in the perpetual suites, what we also saw was the new model stuff also take off in the last couple of weeks. So we saw higher -- obviously, higher than anticipated volume. And I said when we give back out the extra buying of perpetual suites, it was the volume of activity that we would have expected for this quarter. It was -- it slightly exceeded our expectations. And then on top of that, we also had whatever pull forward. So I think you may see some shifting between quarters on the margin, but we're comfortable with the guidance for the rest of the year. And that's why we're willing to bring up the numbers.
Scott Herren: Yes, Sterling, I think that's kind of a little -- sorry, just on that last one, a little more context for you around the new model sub adds of 125,000 in the quarter. If you remember back in Q1, new model sub adds were 140,000, but buried in there were two things that didn't recur in Q2. One was the promo. We didn't run that legacy-focused promo in Q2. We will do that again, as Carl said, in Q3. The second is we had a big catchup of the EBAs that rolled in, in Q1 and were a little bit more than 25,000 of that 140,000 we had in Q1. If you net those two out, Q1, without those two, is in the, call it, 90,000 range. That grew to 125,000 new model sub adds in Q2. So I don't -- there's certainly the pull ahead, I don't think, signals any weakness in where we're headed of the new model side.  The only thing to bear in mind is a part of the pull ahead that we saw, a significant part, was driven by crossgrades. And to be eligible for a crossgrade, you had to already be a customer with a maintenance agreement attached. So all of those -- all of that pull ahead business was really neutral to subs. They already have a sub and they have a sub now. So it's not a big piece of that pull ahead. Really doesn't affect the subs growth.
Sterling Auty: That makes sense. And then the follow-up. Carl, the comment you said that the subscription has accelerated the same time as the perpetual. Were you suggesting that you had customers that were buying both perpetual and subscriptions? Or do you think it was more coincidental to see both accelerating at the same time?
Carl Bass: I don't – now, I'm speaking a little out of school. We got to do a little bit more work on this. But I don't think it was customers buying both. That's just a little bit of an awkward purchase. I think it was the outreach from our channel partners’ created demand. And when people decided to buy, then they made the choice. But more likely is they chose one or the other, not both at this point.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matt Hedberg from RBC Capital Markets.
Matt Hedberg: Sure. Thanks for taking my questions, guys. Scott, I've got a modeling question. Now that you're done with the license option for software, how should we think of the trajectory of the run rate of that license line going forward? I think you do allocate some of the subscription sale to license. Is that correct?
Scott Herren: That is right, Matt. So if you look at that line, there's two components to it. One is perpetual license sales that get immediately recognized and of course, that piece goes to zero. The second is that line is actually a license and other, so there's some -- there's a grab bag of smaller items in there, some legacy products, little bit of consulting in there, so that piece, we've talked about that historically. If you go back a few quarters when we were selling perpetual licenses, that piece being about 10% of the total. That other piece will continue, the perpetual license piece goes to zero. The third piece is what you just said. Both the product subs and the EBAs, of course, when we sell it, it goes immediately into deferred revenue and gets recognized ratably.  But as it comes out of deferred, a portion of it -- because if you think of a term license, the customer is buying two things. They're buying access to the license and they're buying maintenance. So a portion of that deferred revenue accretes back into the license line and a portion of it accretes back into the maintenance line. I know it's confusing. I would love to say that I'm changing that today. We are working on changing that so that it's much clearer for you to be able to see how subscription revenue comes back into a line called subscription. Maintenance is in the maintenance line. And then what's left in license and other really is mostly other at that point.
Carl Bass: Yes. As I said, it's roughly 80% of the product subscription and 55% of the EBAs get recorded as license revenue. So it's way more than, I think, many people have in their models. And we're doing everything we can to change it and try to clarify it so that it's much clearer in terms of what, I think, everyone would just affectionately refer to as subscription. So we'll try to make this as clear possible, but hopefully, with -- there's two pieces of data. It's a little bit easy for others to model what's going on.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Kash Rangan: Hey, guys. Sorry about that. Yeah. Thank you so much. Sorry about that. I wasn't sure if this question has been asked earlier, but I guess, more for Scott. What is your view on the new accounting standard that is being proposed by the FASB being reviewed by the SEC? I think they call it the ASC 606 that particularly applies to software companies that are trying to move into a more ratable model. How much of it does apply to Autodesk? How much of it does not apply to Autodesk? Just curious about your thoughts. Thank you. 
Scott Herren: Sure, Kash, it applies to everyone. It's not just Autodesk or non-Autodesk. It applies to everyone who's selling software. What we've been doing on that front, and I think we talked about this when you were in town a couple of months ago, we have been very actively engaged on this as we've done everything that we have to shift to a ratable revenue model, the last thing I want is to have that shift back based on the new rev rec guidelines. So our, I guess, he's now our controller has actually been a part of the AICPA task force that's working on clarifying the guidelines for FASB on how that will work. And if you think of a lot of our offerings, they're actually hybrid offerings. There's some term license in there, but there's a lot of cloud-based offering inside there. And so we are committed to continuing to maintain ratable revenue for our product sales for both the product subscription sales going forward -- obviously, cloud is pretty straightforward, and for EBAs. And we're staying very actively in touch with the group as those rules get clarified.
Kash Rangan: And one follow-up, if I could, for Carl, and I apologize if this question has already been answered. If yes, you don't need to. Any impact that you see from fiscal stimulus if the next presidential cycle brings that forth? Do you think there's any pent-up demand for infrastructure build-out globally and then particularly, in the United States that could help you guys? Thank you.
Carl Bass: Yes, I mean, anything that's, first, a larger infrastructure spend will be good. I would say just generally speaking, if you look across industries right now, AEC seems strong in all the countries we talked about where the economies are good. Construction in the US is really strong. Northern and Central Europe is really healthy. I mean, if there's political changes, there's more infrastructure spend, that would all be to the good side. We're not counting on it. We've heard that promise before, so -- but it would certainly be to our advantage.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Monika Garg from Pacific Crest.
Monika Garg: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. First on the ARR. The ARR growth here was close to 10% but your long-term target is 24% CAGR, right? So this quarter, yes, of course, perpetual is impacting it, but for the next quarter, as you're not filling anymore perpetual licenses, should the ARR growth start trending towards 24% CAGR you've talked about?
Scott Herren: It will, Monika. That's not intended to be every single year and every single quarter will be 24%, obviously. I know you know that. It's a CAGR over that time frame. You will see ARR growth rates accelerate in the second half of the year, partly, because you see the divergence in the ARR growth rates between maintenance on a slight decline and new model growing 86% year-on-year at constant currency as new model becomes a bigger piece of the total, that drives it up. But also, as we go forward, there will be a higher and higher mix of new model subs. And within that, the subscriptions growth that will continue to drive new model to a significantly higher level. So you will see that begin to accelerate in the second half and continue.
Monika Garg: Thanks. So on the follow-up side, if you look at the revenue on the platform solution PSEB segment, that has come down Q-over-Q and year-over-year. Is there any reclassification in that segment?
Scott Herren: There is. It's a continuation of what we've seen over the last several quarters, actually, since we launched suites three years ago, three-plus years ago since we launched suites because what drives the vast majority of that PSEB segment is AutoCAD and LT. And of course, AutoCAD is included in almost all of our -- in fact, it might be in all of our suites that gets sold. And so what’s happening is it's not that there's less AutoCAD going out into the world. What's happening instead is there's less of it being sold standalone and therefore, dropping into that PSEB segment and more of it being sold as a component in a suite and in the future, as a component in collections.
Operator: Thank you. And we have time for one more question today. Our final question comes from the line of Steve Koenig from Wedbush.
Steve Koenig: Thanks for squeezing me in. I appreciate it. I apologize if this question has been asked. I just wanted to maybe understand probably a little bit your thinking behind collections and your design philosophy for it? And just my background for this question was, we were looking for an offering other than desktop subscription that might be a little bit more appropriate for the mid-market. Seeing some resistance in the mid-market to the subscriptions, more so than for AutoCAD and LTs being sold as DTS in the low end of the market. And yet collections, it looks very much like the desktop subscription. It's a larger bundle at a slightly higher price point. Maybe the question, besides your kind of your intent behind it is, what are the dividing line be in the market between your T-Flex and your EBAs versus Collections when it comes to consuming the suites in terms of kind of company side? Is that how we should think about it and what might that size be?
Carl Bass: Yes, so the first thing I would say is, so far, we gave a lot of proof points, hopefully, tonight. We haven't seen the resistance. And as a matter of fact, much of -- many of the new products and desktop subscriptions for both suites and collections is being sold through our channel partners, which serves the broadly speaking mid-market. So we think collections are a nice way to both simplify and get people the easy ramp to the new cloud services, so what they're familiar with plus the new stuff. Let me jump to the other side of it is our EBAs -- and as you mentioned, the technology behind it, the T-Flex, is really in the less than the top 1% of our accounts.  So it has a lot of room to grow before these two things run into each other. And what I would add is I would expect to see more flexibility in our product offerings going forward. Collections is really just a first step in the door of what we're going to do in terms of making sure the customers have more flexibility. And that's regardless of how it will be sold. At the same time, we've documented and we've talked about how we really want to see our EBAs go out to a broader audience and how that will grow over time. So we think there's a lot of room between the two right now, and there's actually an opportunity to introduce other offerings that have that level of flexibility from T-Flex. But for example, it can easily be sold by our channel partners.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I would like to turn the conference back over to Autodesk for any additional comments.
David Gennarelli: Thanks, operator. That concludes our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can reach me, Dave Gennarelli, at 415-507-6033. We'll also be at the Citi conference in New York on September 8. Thanks for joining us.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program, and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2016-05-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Gennarelli - Senior Director, IR Carl Bass - CEO Scott Herren - CFO
Analysts: Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse Richard Davis - Canaccord Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird Shateel Alam - Goldman Sachs Anil Doradla - William Blair Kash Rangan - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Kenneth Wong - Citi Brent Thill - UBS
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen. And welcome Autodesk First Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session, and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the meeting over to David Gennarelli, Senior Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Gennarelli: Thanks, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our first quarter fiscal 2017. Also on the line are Carl Bass, our CEO; and Scott Herren, our CFO. Today’s conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. As noted in our press release, we have published our prepared remarks on our website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments, and we will not repeat them on this call. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the anticipated future performance of the Company such as our guidance for the second quarter and full year fiscal 2017, our long-term financial model guidance, the factors we use to estimate our guidance including currency headwinds, expectations regarding our restructuring, the various anticipated benefits including greater predictability of revenue and reduced cost structure from our transition to new business models, our market opportunities and strategies and trends for various products, geographies and industries. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time to time with the SEC, specifically our Form 10-K for the fiscal year 2016 and our current reports on Form 8-K including the Form 8-K furnished with today’s press release and prepared remarks. Those documents contain and identify important risks and other factors, and may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today’s call but will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter, unless we do so in a public forum. During the call, we will also disclose non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today’s press release, prepared remarks, and on the investor relations section of our website. We will quote a number of numeric or growth changes as we discuss our financial performance. And unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Carl.
Carl Bass: Thanks Dave. We had a terrific start to FY17 with more proof points that the transition from perpetual licenses to subscription and cloud offerings is going well. We are moving steadily ahead on our two big initiatives: First, we’re increasing lifetime customer value; second, we’re driving increased adoption of our cloud-based solutions to better serve existing customers as well as expand into new segments. I will share more details on our Q1 results and then talk more about our view around long-term shareholder value creation before getting into our outlook for the rest of the year. As I mentioned the last quarter, the primary focus for us through the transition is driving subscriptions and annualized recurring revenue or ARR. In total, we added 132,000 net new subscriptions in the quarter. New model subscription additions more than doubled to a 140,000. And while we expected maintenance subscriptions to decline, in conjunction with the end of sale of perpetual licenses on individual products, at the end of Q4, total maintenance subscriptions declined by only 8,000, as our renewal rates on maintenance continues to increase. Q1 was the first quarter where customers no longer had the option to buy a perpetual license for individual products such as AutoCAD or AutoCAD LT. As a result, additions from product subscription, formerly known as Desktop subscription, jumped dramatically by 125% sequentially and by nearly 350%, year-over-year. Helping drive product subscription growth in Q1 was a promotion targeted at converting our legacy non-subscriber base to new product subscriptions. This promotion captured legacy non-subscribers, who are customers that purchased a perpetual license sometime in the past and wanted to trade in their old perpetual license for a product subscription at a discount. It turned out to be one of the most successful promotions we’ve ever run and contributed over 25,000 net new model subscriptions to the quarter. As we annualized the data, the really interesting part was that over 50% of those taking advantage of the promotion were using versions from seven years back or older. We have talked about the opportunity to convert a portion of the estimated 2.8 million non-subscribers, which captions a five-year look back. We knew there was meaningful number of active users beyond that five-year look back, and this was a great validation of that point. New model subscriptions also got a strong contribution from our enterprise flexible license, or EBA customers. I mentioned on last quarter’s call that in Q4, we signed up a record number of enterprise customers who are these token based or consumption style EBAs. And while because of the way we count those subscriptions, we’ve seen the benefits in net new subscriptions in Q1 as we did in the first quarter of last year. These EBAs contributed more than 25,000 subscription additions in Q1 this year. EBAs with our large enterprise customers have been a very successful component of our transition, leading to both increased subscriptions and account value while creating increased flexibility for our customers. We also had a record quarter for cloud subscription additions in Q1, which increased nearly 50% sequentially. BIM 360 and PLM 360 continued to lead the way. We are also having success with our other cloud products, such as Shotgun, A360 and Fusion 360. Our cloud-based products continue to bring in new customers to Autodesk. Our newest cloud product is our IoT platform, Fusion Connect, formerly known as SeeControl, a service that helps manufacturers and system integrators connect, analyze, control, and manage things remotely, which is gaining traction. Just as we changed the CAD/CAM and PLM markets with cloud-based products, we are doing the same with the Internet of Things, enabling our customers to easily incorporate IoT capabilities into their projects. In Q1, we landed a six-figure IoT deal with an industrial manufacturing company and [indiscernible] competing head-to-head against other well-known competitors. This is an exceptional win because the customer’s considered a pioneer in IoT and has been making connected products as part of their core business strategy for several years. It’s important to note that our channel partners are fully engaged with our subscription model. 63% of new model subscription additions came through our channel partners compared to just 27% in Q1 last year. We’re also excited about the number of subscriptions coming through our eStore which more than doubled from Q1 last year. Our total direct sales increased to 25% in the first quarter that’s up from just 15% two years ago, and it’s still in the early days for our eStore. The growth in new model subscriptions fueled a 76% year-on-year constant currency increase in new model ARR. Total recurring revenue jumped to 70% of our total reported revenues compared to 53% last quarter. Total ARR growth was 12% at constant currency year-on-year. Remember, when evaluating total ARR growth relative to our long-term targets that this number will build over the next three quarters as new model becomes an increasingly large component of total ARR. So, we’re very comfortable with the growth we experienced here in Q1. Another metric that we talked about in the recent quarters is the unit volume. When comparing our unit volume to the first quarter last year, it was in line with our expectations. On the expense side, we are diligently controlling our spending. As a result of the restructuring action we took earlier in quarter, our total spend decreased more than 2 percentage points year-on-year. We are continuing to make structural changes that allow us to spend less, yet focus on our key initiatives. We are carefully balancing the need for financial discipline with the need to invest to drive the long-term health of the Company. Overall, we are very pleased with the Q1 results, which are a great start to the year and reinforce our confidence that the transition is working for our customers, our partners and Autodesk. We are eagerly looking forward to the end of Q2 when we start selling perpetual licenses for suites and become fully immersed in the subscription model. Another exciting factor about Q3 is that we’ll begin selling what can be thought of as our next generation of suites called collections. We won’t officially launch it with our customers until next week, but I’ll give you a little preview. Collections will be the most convenient way for customers to access a wide selection of both our desktop software and our cloud services. We’re significantly reducing complexity by offering just three collections, one for AEC, one for manufacturing, and one for community. [Ph] The value for our customers is tremendous and well exceeds the premium suite. We are offering single user and multi-user access, and choices of different turn rates that fit their needs. Suites have been a tremendous success since we launched them over five years ago and collections will take it to the next level by giving greater flexibility to our customers and increasing the lifetime value for us. That’s a good segue to what I touched on last quarter and that’s about what we’re doing to create long-term value for our shareholders. I am [indiscernible] because I feel that what we’re ultimately aiming to accomplish, which is positioning Autodesk to lead the next generation of design, is being somewhat lost in the noise of quarterly financial results. Our transition is really happening on two vectors. The first is the business model and pricing transition that is happening now where our customers are moving to churn-based subscriptions. Over the next three years, we expect this process to lead to a highly predictable model and a significant increase in the value our customers get from our products. In support of this model change, we are simplifying our entire go-to-market strategy to align with the concept of being an all subscription company. The result will be meaningful increases in the business we do directly with our customers at the enterprise and e-commerce levels. In turn, these changes ultimately reduce our cost structure and increase how effectively we serve our customers. The second vector of our transition is how we are building platforms to exploit the cloud and dramatically expand the size of our market opportunities. Investments we have made in this area, which started over three years ago have allowed us to get a sizable lead on our current competitors as well as the many well-funded startups. We’ve seen the platform shift moving before. Incumbents will slowly become less relevant while the world changes around them. We’re investing to secure the future of Autodesk and our new cloud-based products are really the undisputed leaders in their respective categories. It’s not just about making browser-based design tools, it’s about market expansion. Mobile and cloud technologies are opening up significant opportunities in areas of construction and manufacturing that are completely new to Autodesk. Again, our framework for building long-term shareholder value is to increase the lifetime value of every customer, change our cost structure and the means by which we reach customers, and finally to build the best cloud and mobile-based products and services in the industry as the underlying platform shifts to the cloud. While many people are focused on the business model shift, winning the leadership position in the cloud leads to a long-term, sustainable competitive advantage. Now, turning to our Q2 and full year outlook, I mentioned on last quarter’s call that the current fiscal year is the most unique in the Company’s history as we complete the transition from perpetual licenses to subscriptions at the end of Q2. None of the traditional seasonality patterns for sales metrics will be applicable. Year-over-year growth rates of traditional and financial metrics will be helpful in understanding how we are performing through the transition. Similar to Q1, hitting the lower end of our revenue range while exceeding our subscription guidance is a desirable outcome for the year. Our view of the macroeconomic environment’s impact on our business hasn’t changed since last quarter or for the past several quarters for that matter. The global conditions have been uneven. Most of the emerging markets have been difficult but most of the mature markets have been relatively good. As we evaluated our strong Q1 results, we didn’t see any meaningful change in the demand environment. For the end of sale of suites here in Q2, we expect the dynamics will resemble what we saw in Q4 with the end of sale for individual products. In other words, we’re expecting some surge activity but not a lot. Remember that our unit volume and revenue contribution from suites is much lower than our individual products, and we’ve already seen a significant shift in suites customers to the new model. While this is good news in terms of moving them to a higher value offering now and not having to convert them later, it tamps down our expectations for a surge in volume at the end of this quarter. Also while the promo targeting legacy customers were successful in Q1, we will not be running that promo here in Q2. Q3 will be our first quarter of subscription only sales across the board and we’ll likely experience sequential slowdown. That’s when you can expect to see promotions aimed at our legacy customers again. If you are not modeling a sequential decline for Q3 already, you should be. And it’s consistent with our expectations for the full year, which are unchanged. And Q4 should be due to show more normal sales trends in our new subscription only model. We made a slight adjustment to our FY17 outlook for EPS, based on our revised tax rate assumption for the year. Otherwise, we remain comfortable with our full year outlook for FY17 and our long-term goals of growing our subscription base by a 20% CAGR over the next four years, which will drive a 24% CAGR in ARR. We remain committed to keeping spend growth roughly flat to slightly down this year and flat in FY18. And coupled with our top line projections, we see a path of free cash flow of roughly $6 per share in FY20 and $11 per share in FY23. To wrap things up, our business model transition is in full swing now and exceeding expectations. We are really excited to do another major step further along in the transition; and by the second of half of this year, we will fully be in the subscription only model. Customers and partners are embracing the new model, both subscriptions and the cloud. At the same time, we’re driving higher lifetime value, simplifying our offerings and our go-to-market activities, and significantly increasing our market opportunity as we lead the next wave of design and engineering software to the cloud. We have a clear vision and plan for creating a more predictable, recurring and profitable business in the years to come. Operator, now like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Saket Kalia from Barclays Capital.
Saket Kalia: First, maybe to start off for you Carl; obviously, a nice start to the year for subscription additions. Can we just go back to the 650,000 to 800,000 units that we’ve sold in any given year? And can you just talk about the seasonality of that in a typical year, as well as how much of that might be suites versus standalone?
Carl Bass: Yes, let me give you a little bit. I mean, generally speaking, much more Q4 -- it’s always been, as far as I can remember, back-end loaded, surprisingly heavy in Q4. Q1 is usually up a drop; Q2 and Q3 go to [audio gap] and then Q4 comes out as the usual seasonality pattern. When we go back and look at unit volumes with just in mind of everything we’ve seen historically as well as all of our projections for the quarter.
Scott Herren: Yes. In fact in terms of the split between products and suites -- I know you know this, but the AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT are by far the highest volume. So, we look at unit volumes. They dominate that as well. Suites are higher priced, but significantly lower volume.
Saket Kalia: And as my follow-up, Carl, one of the interesting things that you mentioned was, a fair number of the non-subscribers that converted this quarter were on tools that were older than seven years; and I think the 2.8 million that we’ve talked about historically is for non-subscribers that are on tools five years or less. So, I guess the question is what that number looked like if you included a couple more years of non-subscribers? And as you built a couple more data points, how do you feel about that 30% conversion that you’ve talked about within that base?
Carl Bass: That’s a great question. And I know it’s got a lot of attention. So, let me just back up a little bit and give you a more holistic view of moving people to subscriptions, and then try to place the 2.8 million into context. So, as we were looking at building out the new model that would be subscription-only, we basically said that there were three pools of people that we could draw from, one were the non-subscribers; the second were the non-payers or the pirates; and the third I’ll just call the non-users, basically people who are either not using software or using competitive software and then share shift, we would move them over. So, there were three different distinct pools with different dynamics. One of the questions came up frequently was okay, what is the size of the people who have bought products but aren’t on subscription? And what we said is our new model -- when we built out our model, we were looking to add about 800,000 subscribers to the total from this collection of sources. People wanted to know the size of each of these relative segments. Here is a way to think about it. On the non-subscribers, one data point we gave you, it was only just one, was that in the last five years, and it remained relatively constant, which is why we chose it as a convenient data point, there were 2.8 million people who had bought but had an attached subscription. We put a caveat around that that said some of those people may no longer be users; they may no longer be actively using it; they may have come back in by buying a new license; they may have joined a different firm; they could have passed away for all we know. But, we wanted to give a size to it. There are clearly people beyond that, five years, who are still using software as evidenced by that. So, it’s just an indication. And if you look, it’s interesting and somewhat obvious in at least retrospect. But if you look at the legacy promo results, there are more people that bought that were back six and seven years than were maybe years one, two and three. And the mean is around seven years and it is a bell-shaped distribution. So that should give you an indication of what goes on in that base. So, it is bigger. And what we had said is, we thought we could convert 30%. So, taking into account how many people were no longer active or the new model would not appeal to them, we thought we could convert 30% of the base. And that’s what we were indicating was our assumption in the model. The second one is -- and I think people overlook this and miss out on the dynamics as we move to a more connected experience from our customers is that right now somewhere around half or slightly more than half of the usage of our products in the world is by people who do not pay for it. Once again, you’ve got to put a discount on how many people will actually pay for it when they are forced to. But, at least as many people don’t pay for the software they use as the ones who do. And then the third one which I would not rule out as an important contribution to the subscription additions are the people who are using competitive products. I think much of what we’ve done to lead the way in cloud-based engineering software is going to be very attractive and will be a source of moving customers from namely the legacy providers who have felt kind of dropped the ball on moving their software to the cloud. So, sorry for the really long-winded answer to your question, but I thought it -- I knew that really would come up and I just wanted to try to put it in a broader context.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Carl, with you and then finish with Scott for the follow-up; I thought it was very useful that you highlighted the technology and product vector of the strategy and not just the model change. So, on that point, could you talk about how you’re thinking about the timing of delivery of new technology over time? In other words for example, Inventor is being updated seemingly on a quarterly basis; go back in December in AU, we heard about AutoCAD may go to a more than 12-month cycle for major releases. Could you talk about what you think the relevance is of the schedule of various products is to sustaining the flywheel of the subscriptions model? And one almost obviously, missing brand in your portfolio is let’s call it, Revit 360. You’ve got all kinds of other 360s but you don’t have a Revit 360. Is that something that would make sense for you?
Carl Bass: Yes. So generally, the frequency of updates is inversely proportional to the maturity of the product, just broadly speaking that if you were to look and say a very mature product like AutoCAD needs at least frequent updates; products like maybe Fusion 360 gets updated relatively frequently; if you follow Fusion, there’s weekly and biweekly small updates and certainly every month, there is an update with significant functionality. We’ll continue that. In some ways, it’s not the overall quantity of steps delivered. One of the things that changes in this new model is really the frequency. And what I think it changes is also the digestibility. It’s like getting one big roll a year versus having dozens of small snacks. And a little bit what this allows us to do with our newer products is have not only us deploy the software more effectively but our customers more easily discover what’s in it and put it to use as quickly as possible. So, we are going to continue on that cadence of the newer cloud-based products will be frequently updated. The other ones will be a little bit slower. But, both the traditional products and the new cloud services really need to be thought of differently as connected experiences, which now allow us to do things in the ongoing use and in the update that were just not possible before. As a matter of fact, even when we look at some of the data, I was just reporting on in the answer to Saket’s question, a bunch of that comes from frequent connectivity.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay.
Carl Bass: Let me just interrupt. Yes, there is a bunch of work going on online stuff for the AEC industry. The first thing we are doing we have talked about being incredibly successful is what we’re doing with BIM 360. Where we’ve gone most recently is we brought out BIM 360, in the beginning was more enterprise and for the more sophisticated users, but there is a huge demand in the market for the less sophisticated users and distribution of plans and stuff like that. We just did -- we’re just in the process of doing updates to BIM 360 Docs that addresses this much broader need. And you’ll see more of the design and analysis for AEC coming online during the next year.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: For Scott, could you give us an update on the capacity additions you have put in place for what you’ve called your entitlements and transactional engines, your back office for the new model? And just a quick clarification, to-date you had the somewhat odd situation of splitting your subs billings between license revenue and subs revenue, could you foresee taking the subs revenue -- billings, rather only into the subs reporting line, so we don’t have to mix and match the two kinds of reporting lines?
Scott Herren: Yes. Let me answer that and the second part first, Jay. I am working on that. I realize that the way we do it is accurate in terms of accounting standards, the way we do it today but confusing from a modeling standpoint. So, one of the things that we are working on is trying to simplify the way we categorize revenue as it comes out of deferred and hits the P&L such that either we can keep maintenance separate from what I’ll call new model subscription separate from license and other. That’s not ready yet but that’s something that is implied and I think it will be a very investor friendly move when we can make that. To your first question on capacity, we see the -- so, we’ve built the entitlement engine. As you think about, it’s a multi-phase process. You have to build capability on the back-end, then each product has to build in the capability to recognize the new back-end and use that as a way of turning it on, so that they can get access to it. And then as those products ramp up, the capacity on the back-end gets tested. So, we haven’t had any problems at this point, as we ramp up the new model subscriptions fairly rapidly. I think it’s now a question of absorption and adoption of the new models.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty from JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty: Looking at the maintenance, the decline of 8,000 seats, so I was curious if you saw any of those maintenance seats actually transition over to subscription; if so, why did they do it and what kind of uplift did you see?
Scott Herren: Sterling, we’re not seeing a lot of that activity right now. We’ve talked about the path that we’ll head down to make that happen. As you know, it’s a higher price to convert; if you’re an existing maintenance customer, it’s a higher price to convert over to the new model offerings. So, what we’ve talked about is driving higher value into the Desktop subscription offerings that make that something that besides being required to do it as you buy additional capacity, is attractive even when you’ve got already got the existing perpetual license and maintenance attached to it. So, the reduction is not driven by conversions. And by the way, the reduction of 8,000 subs, the net reduction of 8,000 subs on maintenance was fewer than we’d expected. It’s more driven by just taking a very high renewal rate, the one that’s not 100% and multiplying it times a very big number of maintenance install base.
Sterling Auty: And then as a follow-up, looking at the sequential change in revenue by the areas, it looks like AEC did not get impacted as much as some of the others. Is that just a natural fact of maybe there is more suite revenue in AEC versus the other two buckets or the other couple of buckets?
Carl Bass: I think that’s a fair evaluation.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini from Goldman Sachs. Heather, your line is open. Our next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss: I was looking at the ARR numbers and the subs numbers, and it was a really nice quarter as you guys have noted in terms of adding those new model subs. But one of the things I noticed is that -- since the growth in sub numbers is so much higher than the ARR number, the ARPS, if you will, the average recurring revenue per subscription is going down for the new model subs. And I think it’s down something in the order of about 20% year-on-year. Can you talk to us a little about what’s driving that down; is it mix shift; is it promotional pricing? What should we expect on a going forward basis; is that going to settle out at some time; is that going to turn up once we have the suites go fully to subscription? How should we be thinking about that trend line on ARPS on a go-forward basis?
Scott Herren: It really is mixed revenues. As you know, with the end of sale of perpetual licenses at the end of Q4, a lot of the new model subs that we added this quarter of course are the low end models; so, it’s LT and AutoCAD. And so, as those come on line -- and remember the way we measure ARR is we sum the recurring revenue for the entire quarter, multiply that by four and that’s what becomes the ARR. So the linearity in the quarter is one effect but mix is a bigger effect. Actually, you see the same thing in maintenance going the reverse direction, as there are fewer AutoCAD LT and AutoCAD maintenance subs; obviously you probably have already done the math. You see the ARPS is actually going up slightly on the maintenance side but coming down on new model; strictly a matter of mix. That will reverse of course when we get to the second half and into the next year, and we return to a mix that has an equivalent representation of suites as what we’ve seen historically.
Carl Bass: Remember, if you just look at it -- if you go back to what we did around the long-term model, we’ve always said that the current year mix was going to drive this over a longer period of time and particularly as we add the cloud subscriptions, we’ve always kind of suggested that low to mid single digits was the increase that you’d see in ARPS along a longer period of time. So, I wouldn’t say there’s anything there that’s out of the ordinary or outside the bounds of the model what we have right now.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Phil Winslow from Credit Suisse.
Phil Winslow: Carl, just help me double click on the macro comments that you made there and obviously sort of no change. But, I wondered if you could just comment about what you’re seeing by vertical, by geography, anything standing out. And as you’re kind of putting your forward guidance here, any sort of major assumptions that you’d highlight that would be very helpful.
Carl Bass: I gave you the general outlook which I would broadly characterize as unchanged. Probably the headline is that it’s unchanged and it continues to be soft in a handful of mostly developing markets and pretty robust across the more mature markets. We paid special attention this time. And you guys have noted and as you noted in your reports. I would say three of our competitors, mostly in the manufacturing space but also one or two in the construction space, seem to have a little rougher time of it this time. And what we were trying to do was just parse how much was self-induced versus macroeconomically driven. I think at the end, I think most of the shortfalls or stubbed toes seem to be mostly self-inflicted. So, we’re pretty comfortable. I just talked to our sales leaders the other day. Yesterday, I met with some of our channel partners who represent a huge percentage of our [indiscernible] channel. And they’re feeling relatively bullish. So, there’s nothing in our guidance or the forecast that would suggest any big change one way or another. Also across industry segments relatively healthy across the board. If I wanted to put a like a little gold star next to anything, I would say AEC seems to be just a little bit stronger on a worldwide basis. Once again, maybe better than the maybe value index is that informal green [ph] count. There are just cities in the world where it’s hard to make green [ph] right now, there’s just so many in use. So, that to me would be a little bit of a bias towards the upside is just strength in AEC. But otherwise stable, healthy, relatively unchanged.
Scott Herren: Keith, when you look at it by geo and you see some of this in the results, we really haven’t seen a change in the demand environment overall. We continue to have obviously the biggest headwind in APAC and within that as we pointed out a couple times, Japan continues to be the biggest challenge for us. But beyond that, Americas looks strong. EMEA’s doing well, particularly on a constant currency basis and the place that we see the biggest headwind right now as we’ve seen for the past several quarters has been APAC, and in particular, in Japan.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Richard Davis from Canaccord.
Richard Davis: If you fast forward a year from now and you’ll be through your product transition, at least in terms of end-of-life and I’ve seen this kind of with Kronos. How do you think about mix? I guess with the mix model, how do you think about kind of making the cloud version of the software more attractive than the perpetual license maintenance accounts because I presume you would prefer people to kind of move to that side of the subscription docket? And how do you think about comparatively making those things better and at what pace do you want to try to do that?
Carl Bass: First of all, Richard, I need to congratulate anybody from Davidson. We all are very happy here in the Bay area. [Multiple speakers] Here’s the way I think about it. First of all, as I said before, customers who are on maintenance are historically our best customers. They can stay there as long as they want to stay there; it’s okay. Secondly, I would prefer to move them to one of the new product subscriptions, hopefully one of the industry collections as what will do better for them and more valuable to us. That would be a nice move. Collections going forward will have a fair number of cloud services including the consumption-based models built into them. So that will be a way for customers to become more familiar, more comfortable, and hopefully more desirous of more cloud functionality. The other thing we are dealing with a lot of the cloud stuff is we’re really reaching new segments. It’s this cloud-mobile combination for example that’s allowing us to do -- if you look at the products, BIM 360 and PLM 360 I mean reaching large parts of the enterprise or large parts of an industry that were not otherwise accessible to us. In the frame of timing of three-year to five-year period, I think almost all of the software will run online and will really just have different versions and people will be able to run it in a browser, on a mobile device or as an installed application on their desktop. That’s just going to become par for the course that they will get their tool of choice on their device of choice.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Steve Ashley from Robert W. Baird.
Steve Ashley: I would just like to ask about this, continue on this line of thought of product transformation. I am assuming that part of the game plan or roadmap here would be to introduce some mobile applications to some of your desktop subscribers. When might we start to see timing wise some of that incremental functionality being offered from the cloud to desktop subscribers?
Carl Bass: So, by the way, it’s starting right now. I would say Q2 through the end of the year you will increasingly see cloud services that are available to all of our subscribers. They’ll be packaged differently; many of them will be done on a consumption basis. So for example, you will be able to either buy consumption plans or pay as you go models in order to tap in the power of the cloud. So for example, visualization, analysis, being able to run; many of these compute intensive jobs, on the cloud side, is going to be a part of the rest of the year. And we’ll continue to roll it out. We’ve already seen really good pick up in this. People are hugely appreciating this footing -- sometimes people forget how compute intensive our ops are. So, instead of setting off a job and going for a cup of coffee, people are now able to set off a job on our cloud and then continue working. And so, this has been a big productivity boost. Customers have really liked it; we’re already doing a fair amount of visualization and we’re really starting to see it pick up in analysis and simulation. And I think that will continue. The other place where we’ve seen a fair amount of cloud-based stuff that’s really important is the second axis that’s important about the cloud, which is all around collaboration and coordination. And those are services that are not only available for just the new cloud-based products, they are actually available for the desktop products as those people have kind of the same kinds of communication needs as anyone else trying to build products.
Scott Herren: And to the point on mobile in particular, Steve, we’ve got BIM 360 Docs out there. And so, if you think of a job site, what you don’t see anymore is the guys walking around with a big bundle of blueprints under their arms; they are using ruggedized mobile devices on the site to do both view capabilities to look at the logistics programs to understand what needs to get done when, to do work flow around conflicts that come up in the field that may not have been envisioned during the design phase. So, we already have apps out there that are leveraging mobility in particular. And as we think about the TAM expansion and construction in particular, I think it goes heavily toward that space, toward the mobile space.
Steve Ashley: Just a quick follow-up; it’s early days on subscription renewals, are those renewal rates on the subscriptions running higher than what you’ve historically seen with maintenance?
Scott Herren: We actually see subscription -- both attach rate where we still have remaining perpetual license sales going up and the renewal of those going up. And it makes sense given that if you have decided you want a perpetual license and you want to stay on a perpetual license -- if you fall off of maintenance, you can’t get back on. So, as you know, you’ll need to update that; you’ll know you’ll want to make it compatible with the latest peripherals with newer versions of companion software that you’re working with. So, we’re seeing both attach rates and renewal rates on maintenance improve.
Carl Bass: One thing you’ll see going forward and we report on it as new data comes in is on the new product subscriptions. I think you will see and this is my best guess at the time, you will see differential rates between the differing term lengths that we have because I think some people choose the term length based on a desire of how they want to pay, but maybe it’s because of a spike in demand. And so I think we will see differential rates for example between annual and quarterly. And as we get data that makes it statistically significant, we’ll report out on that.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini from Goldman Sachs.
Shateel Alam: Hi. This is Shateel Alam filling in for Heather. Thanks for taking my question. So, you had your biggest increase in new model ARR this quarter at over 50 million. You mentioned a few things that helped, like the channel contribution. Just wondering what clicked in the channel this quarter and overall what would you call the top drivers of new model ARR this quarter that may have not been helping in the past?
Scott Herren: Shateel, I’ll start and Carl, you can jump in. Obviously, the first biggest driver of new model ARR for the quarter was the end of sale of perpetual at the end of the prior quarter. So, we talked about unit volume being right in line with our expectations. To the extent that those customers were looking for AutoCAD or AutoCAD LT that drove a huge amount of the increase of 140,000 new model sub adds. I’d say the other piece that Carl’s already talked about but also factored in, in particular on Desktop is the success of the promo that we had targeted legacy users of the software that didn’t have a subscription attached. Those would be the two biggest drivers of the new model subs for the quarter.
Shateel Alam: And then I had one, Scott, for you on your balance sheet. You have over $2 billion in cash, just bought back $100 million in stock. What’s keeping you from buying more stock and how should we think about you balancing share repurchases versus doing acquisitions?
Scott Herren: As I think we called out in the -- I’m sure we called out in prepared remarks, roundabout 80% of that cash of course is offshore. And given our tax structure, it would be quite expensive to get our hands on that and bring it back home but we’d have to get it to do a share repurchase. I think we mentioned in the past that as our business model changes and as tax legislation around the world is somewhat in flight, we are looking at our overall operating structure and that will have an impact on tax structure. But as we stand today with that cash trapped offshore and the current tax structure that we’ve got, I’d say would be a very expensive proposition to bring it home.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Anil Doradla from William Blair.
Anil Doradla: Carl, I had a couple of questions. I think you said something like a 50% sequential increase in the 360 products. Now, was that kind of spread around all the products or was it more BIM focused or more Fusion 360 focused?
Carl Bass: They are in slightly different stages of maturity. But, we saw good growth in all of the products. We’re in the really early stages and by comparison, it’s explosive growth. Each one of these is taking off. But, to look at it a little bit more fine grain, a handful of 360 products are targeted at collaboration and those we have users in kind of clumps as company or company in its ecosystem come on or some of the design engineering products are more -- small teams get at it at a time. But across the board, we’re seeing good adoption of the cloud products and a great response from customers. If anyone wants to do kind of the equivalent of channel checks on the product side, there’s a huge amount of information out there on social media about the acceptance and how people are just becoming aware that there is a whole new generation of products out there.
Scott Herren: Yes. And Anil, what I’d say is it’s the usual suspects; it’s BIM, it’s PLM, it’s Shotgun, and it’s 360, as we pointed out in the opening commentary.
Anil Doradla: And as a follow-up, Carl, you talked about BIM 360; you’re talking about some of the addressable markets which are significantly above the non-subscriber base and all that kind of stuff, so if I fast forward and look at BIM 360 in three years or four years from now, first of all, when do you think you’ll hit the sweet spot or inflection point on BIM 360, and how big could this be in five years?
Carl Bass: This is -- I mean what you can look at out there. And look, it’s very hard when a market doesn’t exist to size it, but you can already see startups out there that are trying to serve some of the markets as well as some of the other incumbents and in total, there is probably a couple of hundred million dollars already being sold in the area of collaboration and coordination software. I think that market is going to grow tremendously. And that’s what’s available to us. It’s really critical that we get out the BIM 360 Docs, like I said. We had incredible success with our enterprise, architecture engineering, construction customers. But we were missing out on the smaller parts of the market and that’s where it really gets the scale. But these are opportunities that are certainly in the hundreds of thousands of potential users and in some cases possibly in the millions. But, if you want to just look more specifically, for example, many of the people on the construction site who will use BIM 360 were not a user of our designer engineering products. If you look at PLM 360, it broadens the use of our manufacturing products throughout the whole enterprise, as opposed to just the people that are involved in design and engineering. So, it’s a very different use profile. It’s also why we’ve said just tying it back to some of the other comments, when you look at some of these cloud subscriptions, when you include these, these will be lower price products, and that’s what kind of dampens the ARPS growth. So, just trying to tie that together, but these are really new users that haven’t been available whereas before I talked about those three pools of users who can come and use the desktop or the new cloud-based design products.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan from Bank of America/Merrill Lynch.
Kash Rangan: One thought is that I would assume that the geographies, the products that are going through the model transition would show the steepest revenue decline. I’m just trying to get your analysis into what to make of the fact that Asia Pac decreased faster than EMEA and Americas. That would seem to suggest that if you didn’t know a whole lot that that’s the region that’s going through the model transition, but clearly that has historically not been the case with model transition. So, I’m trying to get your view on that. And also from a product perspective, it would seem that PSEB is going through the sharpest decline trends. Therefore, the model transition is more prevalent there, but again that would not make sense. I’m trying to get some sense and your perspective as to what to make of the disparity in the growth rates of these geographic and product cuts.
Scott Herren: Kash, I think you are thinking about it in the right way, but let me put a little bit of a different distinction on it. The places where the year-on-year growth is less impacted by the model transition are the places where they were earlier to adopt the new model. So, the compare point a year ago already had a reasonable mix or a growing mix of new model subs built into it. That was not the case in APAC. APAC has been the slowest to adopt the new models. So, the compare point for our APAC revenues for the quarter compares back to a quarter that had very little new model mix inside there. So, it’s more impacted in terms of the year-on-year growth rate.
Carl Bass: Yes. One of the encouraging signs we saw this quarter was the proportion in APAC of new model subscriptions for the suites. So, there are portions of Asia that are moving; it’s not uniform. But, we were very surprised and pleasantly so to see such a large percentage, and it exceeded the other geos in terms of new model subscriptions. So, we’re seeing some traction there. Also, a lot of it, just so you understand it and maybe can reconcile it as some of you who are doing things like channel checks, one of the biggest factors affecting the uptick is actually the sentiment of the reseller. Resellers have a huge impact in what they present to your customers. Our best resellers are all on-board with the new models; some of the ones that are staying behind are influencing it. And sometimes that carries over into geographic distinctions that are actually big enough to be called out.
David Gennarelli: Right, but as Carl said, we did see an encouraging uptick. And despite the fact that APAC had the biggest year-on-year impact from the transition, we saw a really encouraging uptick toward the end of the quarter in the new model subs there.
Scott Herren: To your point on PSEB, Kash, what you are seeing there is just the continuation of what we’ve seen all along is suites, because so what’s in PSEB, it’s dominated by AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT and those products are included in the suite. So as the suites continue to grow and gain traction, fewer people are buying just the standalone version. So, a lot of what’s happening in that PSEB segment is simply mix of customers, getting AutoCAD and getting LT, but getting it inside their suite instead.
Carl Bass: And I think as you see the Collections roll out, you’ll see the same phenomena; it’s going to continue because it’s down the same lines.
Kash Rangan: And also philosophically, when are we going to see the clear distinction in the product roadmap between the licenses and the desktop versions, that somebody that is inclined to stay on maintenance actually says, you know what, I’m not going to pay maintenance; I’m just going to jump over to the subscription. When is the product road map going to be clearly delineated into two separate points?
Carl Bass: I think as soon as you start seeing the collections, it will become clear. I think that will begin to have an impact in Q3. Collections are one of the vehicles to move our customers from maintenance to product subscription; it is more valuable; it is more valuable; it is way more flexible than anything they’ve had; it gives them broader access to a wider set of products. That will be one of the tools that we use to encourage our customers to look and consider the new offerings.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Kenneth Wong from Citi.
Kenneth Wong: Carl, I wanted to touch a little bit on what you just mentioned about collections. Is that something you feel that you guys have circled up with some of your larger customers and partners in terms of talking about the value of collections and you get a better sense that that’s a product that could potentially pivot them over to buying kind of a higher value pull from you guys?
Carl Bass: So Ken, you sound a little bit like you are under water. I’m not sure I was able to -- were you able to? Scott understands you much more clearly…
Scott Herren: The sound quality wasn’t great, Ken. But, I think I got your question on collections. It is the case where we have as Carl said in the opening commentary, we haven’t formally rolled this out worldwide but as we do think of it is as sort of the follow-on to suites, as the next iteration of what suites look like. It will be greatly simplified; the pricing model will be greatly simplified. It will bring along with it substantial additional value in terms of the number of products that are included. It also will begin to form the on ramp from desktop execution software to cloud software. We’ll incorporate a lot of our cloud properties inside there to make it something that’s not a separate buying decision to go out and have our customers test out and try out the cloud product. So, we’d look at it as not just the next step in adding value and driving our customers to see the higher value of the new subscription models, but also as an on-ramp to the cloud.
Kenneth Wong: Got it.
Carl Bass: The other thing I’d add, because we’ve been slightly oblique about this is one of the other things to remember is our ability to consolidate the product portfolio, shrink the product portfolio. This is the first step towards doing it. So, people have asked about the product portfolio. Collections are the vehicles that allow us to simplify the product portfolio, focus on the important ones, trim the parts of it that make less sense and have much more discipline around the R&D expense. So, we are really excited about concentrating the offerings for the different industries with only these three collections.
Kenneth Wong: And then, in terms of the channel, I mean clearly you guys are getting more volume there. How should we think the contribution from the channel trends over time; does that get closer to the 80% that you guys…
David Gennarelli: I’m sorry, Ken. Can you repeat the question? We are having trouble picking you up here. You are coming through very softly, like...
Kenneth Wong: Sure. Just simply, does the channel contribution trend closer to your 80% as the processing forward…
Carl Bass: This time, you were even softer.
David Gennarelli: Operator, we’re going to have to go to the next question.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brent Thill from UBS.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi. This is Xiaoming [ph] for Brent Thill. Can you hear me okay?
David Gennarelli: Yes, we can.
Unidentified Analyst: So, just two questions, one, with the Q2 revenue outlook being a little bit lower than consensus but the year the same. Should we think of that -- I mean would it be that just you are seeing the Street just miss-modeling the seasonality or was there any change in your expected path or as you go through the end of perpetual and suites for the rest of the year, what would be the best way to think about that?
Scott Herren: I recognize that the guide we gave for the quarter is not where consensus was but, of course, we hadn’t guided Q2 before. And what we’re seeing in our guidance is in sync with what our expectations were. So, it’s not a question of a change in seasonality pattern versus what had been expected previously. If you just look at coming to the end of sale of suites during Q2, we talked about earlier, we are expecting really a bit of a muted buy ahead versus what we saw on individual products. On the standalone products, remember we sized that at the end of Q4 there was only about a 10% increase in volume that came through. Suites to begin with are a much lower volume product than standalone products are. We are also seeing and have seen a really steady increase in the uptake of customers already buying the new model on suites. So, not waiting for it to hit end of sale; there has been a lot of interest in suites customers buying the new model. So, you add those two together, we are expecting a small amount of buy ahead activity in Q2 on suites but not a huge amount. If it’s bigger than we think, will be toward the high end of the range and if it’s less than we think, which would be a good thing because those are customers we don’t have to convert off of perpetual in the future, the customer we think will be in the low end of the range.
Carl Bass: One of the things that I’d just outline two things about it, one is just general; we’re seeing greater support amongst customers and our partners in the new model. So, that is running ahead of plan. But it was interesting, like I said, I was just with our largest North American resellers or many of our largest North American resellers and just going around the room, there’s some good betting going on about how much buy ahead there would be of suites at the end of the quarter. Like we said, the best we can say about this is we’ve never experienced this before; it’s different; and this is really our best estimate of what’s going to go on. The more important news for us is that whatever happens, we’re done with it at the end of this quarter. And so whether we’re at the low end of the range and we’re happy or it’s the high end of the range, it doesn’t matter because we move on to a world that we’ve been waiting for, I am talking about for awhile and which we’re just really selling only -- we’re only selling new model and that greatly simplifies so much stuff. So, I will be thrilled when we’re here three months from now.
Unidentified Analyst: Just one more question on the new collections and I guess we’ll get details pretty soon. But, what’s the philosophy around setting the pricing for those versus the old suites or the individual product subscription or desktop subscription? And maybe also think of in terms of LTV for those versus the other choices? And that’s it from me.
Carl Bass: Over the next couple weeks, we’ll be rolling out the prices and what’s included in the collections. Probably best to do it then and look at it holistically; the information’s not far behind, and so you’ll all get to see it soon. We just felt like we wanted to share it because it seemed like if we’re announcing it in 10 days, it was best to give you guys a preview. But probably best digest it with full collection of information.
Operator: Thank you. And that concludes our question-and-answer session for today. I would like to turn the conference back over to David Gennarelli for any closing comments.
David Gennarelli: That concludes our call today. This quarter, we’ll be at several conferences. Next week on May 24th, we’ll be at the J.P. Morgan Conference in Boston; on June 2nd, we’ll be at the BAML Conference in San Francisco; June 14th, at the Berenberg Design Software Conference in London; and also that same week on June 16th, the NASDAQ Conference in London. In the meantime, you can reach me, Dave Gennarelli, at 415-507-6033. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This does conclude the program. And you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a good day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2016-02-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Gennarelli - Director-Investor Relations Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Richard Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Philip Winslow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc. Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs & Co. Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc. Stan Zlotsky - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Kenneth Wong - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities Daniel Bergstrom - RBC Capital Markets LLC Brent Thill - UBS Securities LLC Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Autodesk Fourth Quarter Fiscal 2016 Financial Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the meeting over to David Gennarelli, Senior Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
David Gennarelli - Director-Investor Relations: Thanks, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2016. Also on the line is Carl Bass, our CEO; and Scott Herren, our CFO. Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of this call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. As noted in our press release, we have published our prepared remarks on our website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments, and we will not repeat them on this call. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the anticipated future performance of the company, such as our guidance for the first quarter and full year fiscal 2017, our long-term financial model guidance, the factors we use to estimate our guidance, including currency headwinds, expectations regarding our restructuring, our transition to new business models, our market opportunities and strategies, and trends for various products, geographies, and industries. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment, based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time-to-time with the SEC, specifically our Form 10-K for the fiscal year 2015, our Form 10-Q for the periods ended April 30, July 31, and October 31, 2015, and our current reports on Form 8-K, including the Form 8-K furnished with today's press release and prepared remarks. Those documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today's call, but we'll not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today's press release, prepared remarks and on the Investor Relations section of our website. We will quote a number of numeric or growth changes as we discuss our financial performance. And unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Carl.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. Let's start by wrapping up Q4, then I want to take a few minutes to talk about long-term value creation for our shareholders and then we'll end with guidance. As you saw in the press release, we had a terrific fourth quarter and our results demonstrate that our business model transition is working. The end of the fourth quarter marked a key milestone in Autodesk transition to our software as a service business as we hit the end of sale for perpetual licenses for individual products. While the end of sale went well, what makes our Q4 results particularly good is that they were not driven by a dramatic surge in last opportunity buying of perpetual licenses. In fact, our analysis suggest that only a small portion around 10% of our Q4 unit volume is related to end of sale activity. More importantly strong subscription growth both new model and maintenance subscriptions, and a record number of large transactions drove these results. Our total unit volume for the fourth quarter was flat compared to the fourth quarter last year, which was a major accomplishment. Recall that in Q4 last year, we had a significant uptick in demand related to the end of our upgrade program, said another way, we were able to cover last year's Q4 uptick in unit volume with our new model subscription offering. When we look at total unit volume for the year, we were pleased to see volume of approximately 650,000 licenses. The total of subscription additions for the quarter was better than expected at 109,000. As we've seen all year, the additions were led by new model subscriptions with strong growth in all three types; desktop, enterprise, and cloud subscriptions. Desktop subscription remains our fastest growing new model subscription offering and grew nearly 300% year-over-year. More specifically desktop subscription is thriving with our channel partners. In just the past four quarters, the channel volume with desktop subscription has increased by more than 400%. In Q4, approximately 65% of our desktop subscription volume came through our channel partner, which is up from less than 50% in Q4 last year. What's still also notable is that we achieved our highest quarter for new model subs for the year, and highest ever in terms of organic new model sub add in the same quarter that we hit the end-of-sale of perpetual licenses for individual products, a remarkable achievement. For the year, we added 50% more new model subs than maintenance subs, even as maintenance attach and renewal rates moved to record highs. The growth in new model subscriptions fueled 74% constant currency growth in new model ARR. Total recurring revenue grew to 53% of revenue compared to 47% in the fourth quarter last year. We're also pleased to see the unit volume through our eStore grew stronger. And we believe that our online business will continue to grow – to increase meaningfully. When you add in the business we do directly with enterprise customers, our overall direct business reached 21% of our revenue volume compared to just 17% and 16% for the past two years. We set a record for the number of large deals in the quarter. Overall, a 19% increase in total deal value. The majority of these large deals were flexible enterprise licenses or EBAs, which are helping drive subscription growth. Specifically, existing enterprise customers that moved from one of our older license agreements to the new Token Flex EBAs have resulted in subscriber growth three times higher than before, that's pretty meaningful. Just as a reminder for those of you keeping score at home, the new Token Flex EBAs that we signed up this quarter over 20,000 won't start to show up in accounts until next quarter. Large enterprise deals signal that we are becoming a more strategic and essential partner to our largest customers. Our long-term vision and position as the thought leader in the industry is an essential part of their commitment to us. To summarize, Q4 provides a nice proof point that the business model transition is working for our customers, our partners and us. I couldn't be happier with the results. Now, that we covered the past quarter, let me turn to long-term value creation. Given the short-term impact that the model transition is having on our traditional financial metrics, the recent turmoil in the stock market, growing fears about a global macroeconomic slowdown, and the noise created by investors focused on the short-term, I think, it's worth stepping back and taking a few minutes to outline how we are creating long-term value for our shareholders. First, we are dramatically increasing the lifetime value of our customers with our new business model. While this creates short-term downward pressure on our traditional financial metrics, we have repeatedly called out how it creates significant financial returns over the next three years to five years. Second, we're simplifying our entire go-to-market strategy to align with the concept of being an all subscription company. This involves a significant increase in our direct customer sales and marketing efforts, both at the enterprise level and through e-commerce. Not only will it change the cost structure, but it will greatly increase how effectively we serve our customers. And third and most importantly, we are exploiting the cloud to deliver more compelling products to our current customers and dramatically expand the size of our market opportunities. Our early investment in cloud-based designing and engineering tools had given us a once in a generation opportunity to lead both the construction and manufacturing software market. Mainstream mobile and cloud technologies have opened up a market with more than 100 million potential subscribers. We have made substantial investments to achieve our leadership position and let me be as clear as possible. The technology platform for the future, for all designing and engineering software, now really all software is the cloud. And the company that wins will have substantial and sustainable long-term advantage. To summarize, our framework for building long-term shareholder value is to increase the lifetime value of every customer, change our cost structure, the means by which we reach customers, and finally build the best cloud based products and services in the industry. So while generalities are important, let me specifically highlight recent activity in terms of these long-term objectives. Most importantly, our business model transition is underway and exceeding expectations. By the second half of this year, we will fully be in a subscription only mode. Customer and partner reaction to our new business model has been very positive, which gives me great confidence about our approach to the transition. Next, we continue to diligently control our costs. In Q4, we kept savings flat year-over-year. We recently did a sizable restructuring that balances the need for financial discipline, with an ability to invest in critical initiatives that drive the long-term health of the company. In September, we discussed annual operating expense grew to 5% to 6%. The restructuring combined with other cost cutting measures has allowed us to put a significant cap on spending for the next two years. And we're committed to keeping spend growth roughly flat to slightly down through FY 2017 and FY 2018. And finally, our cloud based products are the undisputed leaders in their respective category. While many people are focused on the business model shift, winning the leadership position in the cloud leads to a long-term sustainable, competitive advantage. Building a great company over the long-term equates balancing the interest of shareholders, employees and customers. Done well, these are not mutually exclusive. Though it's easy to talk about, it's harder to do, and I am very proud of the many awards we received that recognize our success in doing just that. A few in particular worth mentioning are we were selected for Fortune's World's 25 Best Multinational Workplaces, Fortune's 100 Best Companies To Work For, and we are in the top five of Fortune's Most Admired Software Companies. We also were given countless awards for innovation and product leadership. Now bringing it all together, we are updating our long-term cash flow mark. As we look to FY 2020, assuming that the number of outstanding shares remains constant, we will be able to produce about $6 of free cash flow per share. In the following years, free cash flow continues to dramatically increase and we see a path to free cash flow that exceeds $2.5 billion or more than $11 per share of free cash flow by FY 2023. As you are aware our cash flow generation this year and next year will be impacted by the transition from perpetual to term-based licenses. The silver lining is that we now have an opportunity to switch to a new operating structure to support our business needs. This change will result in an increase in our U.S.-based cash, while lowering our long-term tax rate. This will greatly help with the long-term structural imbalance of ongoing revenues and cash flows as we move through the business model transition. We will give you more details during this year as our plans materialize. As we turn to fiscal 2017, we couldn't be more excited about entering the – this next phase of our business. This year will be the most unique in the company's history as we complete the transition from perpetual licenses to cloud based subscriptions at the end of Q2. It'll be an interesting and unique quarterly pattern. None of the traditional seasonality patterns for sales metrics will be applicable, nor will year-over-year growth rates of traditional financial metrics be helpful in understanding how we're performing through the transition. Q1 will be our first quarter with only subscription offerings for individual product. We have a number of sales promotions in place to accelerate our customers move to get cloud subscription. As you think about Q1, the best result for us would be to be higher on subscriptions and lower on revenue. Now, this may seem counterintuitive, but in fact, would result from an accelerated transition to desktop subs. The end of Q2 will be the next major milestone of our business model transition as we stop selling perpetual licenses for suites. We expect the dynamics will most closely resemble what we saw in Q4 with the end of sales for individual product. Q3 will be our first quarter of subscription-only sales across the board and we'll likely experience sequential slowdown. And Q4 should begin to show more normal sales trends in our new subscription-only model. In our view, the better metrics for tracking our progress over the next few quarters will be subscription additions and ARR growth. The entire company has been realigned and is hyper-focused on subscription additions and growth in recurring revenue. We have put in place both the processes and incentives such as new sales comp and bonus plans to align with our goal of growing our subscription base by a 20% CAGR over the next four years, which will drive a 24% CAGR in ARR. Many of you have asked about the impact of the macroeconomic environment on our business. We've said from past several quarters that the global conditions have been uneven. Most of the emerging markets have been a mess, but most of the mature markets have been decent. As we evaluated our strong Q4 results, we didn't see any further degradation in the demand environment. However, there's no denying there is clear divergence in sentiment with regards to global macroeconomic conditions. Coupled with the uniqueness of this year, our forecasting process has never been more challenging. As such, we believe it's prudent to take an appropriately conservative approach to our outlook for the year, while remaining confident in our ability to achieve our long-term targets. For the year, we're projecting to add approximately 500,000 subscriptions with new model subscriptions contributing the vast majority of the growth. As expected this will be the year where the transition causes the biggest revenue impact as we move more fully into the subscription model. On the earnings call last quarter, I talked about 1% to 2% spend growth for FY 2017. Given that our typical annual spend increase starts at about 4% just from American healthcare costs, et cetera. Some cost actions were already factored into our guidance. I've spoken repeatedly about reducing our spend growth, while staying the course with the investments required to make both the business model and platform transition. Examples of the investments in building out a low cost high touch inside sales team or in building out our cloud platform products. We are conscious of the impact that cutting spending too much or not reducing it enough could have on the rate and ultimate success of the transition. We believe our current course of managing spend growth flat to modestly down for FY 2017 strikes the right balance, and as I previously mentioned, we will maintain flat growth throughout FY 2018 as well. We aren't updating the entire framework we laid out at the Investor Day last September, but there are a couple of data points that should help you with longer term modeling. As I said earlier, with the updates to the model overall, we see FCF per share of roughly $6 in FY 2020 given our current view of top line growth and our spend trajectory. Our revenue projection of FY 2017 is slightly lower than the framework we provided in September for a few reasons. Continued FX headwinds are pushing revenue down, we're assuming a higher mix of new model subs based on our recent performance, and as I mentioned earlier, we're taking a more conservative stance given all the moving parts this year. Similar to our view on Q1, hitting the low end of our revenue range, while exceeding our subscription guidance, is a desirable outcome for the year. If we experience greater than expected demand for the last perpetual licenses for suites, it will likely drive the revenue to the high end of guidance or beyond. To wrap things up, we're really excited to be one step further along in the transition; our long-term strategy will provide our customers with greater flexibility, more compelling products and a better user experience. In doing so, we're driving higher life time customer value, simplifying our go to market and significantly increasing the size of the available market. Simultaneously, we are reducing our cost structure to accelerate our transition and increase our profitability, as well as evolving our operating and tax structure to better meet our future business needs. In short, we are creating a more predictable, recurring and profitable business for Autodesk in the years to come. Finally, I'd like to thank all of our employees and our partners who worked so hard to make last year a success. Operator, we'd now like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from the line of Philip Winslow from Credit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi, yeah, thanks, guys. I mean, congrats on a great, great quarter, and Carl, I really appreciate that update on the outlook, it certainly is impressive on the cash flow metric. So it's clearly above your old guidance and above where we were. When you look at those cash flow long term targets you gave up there; I know, you're not updating the whole framework, but it certainly implies, and feel like margin solidly ahead of what you talked about at the Analyst Day and obviously you talked about in fiscal 2017 and fiscal 2018 on the cost side, I wondered if you'd give us just sort of how you're think about the framework of margins kind of in that long-term guidance, and then from a top line perspective, sort of how you're building up there, obviously not giving the full detail that you guys talked about? Then just one quick follow-up to that.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, let me just quickly touch on it, and Scott, can jump in. Most of the update to the guidance was not a change in the overall demand, so let's just put that out there that kind of assuming the same level of demand, we were pleased in Q4 to see greater demand, but no difference in demand from when we talked about the model. A lot of the upside is driven by greater cost control, so a lot has to do with some of the stuff we outlined for FY 2017 and 2018, and it's just as you roll out through the subsequent years just starting from a lower cost base has a tremendous advantage. And then in a lot of ways that's what we're responding to, many of our investors have said I understand the transition, I love to – where you're getting on the other side, but can't you control cost a little bit better through this transition. I think in response to that that's where we got to and that's where you see a lot of it. The other slight shift, I would say is we're more optimistic about the move to the new model. We've seen more positive signs of acceptance by both customers and partners. And remember, a little bit of our reluctance to move more quickly was making sure we had acceptance from both groups and the ability for them to successfully navigate the transition as well as us.
Richard Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. And Phil, this is Scott. The only other thing I would add is the framework we laid out is not intended to be a quarter – something we update every quarter. But as you roll through the changes that we've talked about in spend growth out through time, and then of course, it doesn't step function backup after fiscal 2018. It takes a while for that – for the spend engine to accelerate again. We do see margins expanding. I think what we showed in the 29th was in that mid-to-high 20% range in fiscal 2020 and it's probably a good 4 points to 5 points higher than that given what we just talked about in spending.
Philip Winslow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Great. Well, I was at $8 to $9 on free cash flow, so I'm a big fan of your $11. So, one last, just follow-up on the quarter itself. You guys talked about the quarter's strength was not driven by end of sale of licenses for some of the products. Carl and Scott, I wonder if you'd talk through just the verticals and geos, sort of what areas were standing out as particular areas of strength and then how are you thinking about that in terms of your guidance?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I mean we – so a couple things about geos. Let's start with the geos, because it's really black and white. Every emerging economies, developing country, everyone call practically things. Yeah. The exception for us was China. So despite the news that you may have read, China continues to perform well, but there are places where our business in emerging markets has just totally tanked. So, when you look – you know, so when you look at a number of these places, the Middle East, Russia, which are largely driven by oil, Brazil is bad, so if you look there, when you compare geographically, our EMEA results look not as strong as the others. Two factors there, one is EMEA had a fabulous fourth quarter last year, and the second part is really the MEA part. The E part of EMEA did great, but the MEA part, just struggled and it really is due to oil and commodities and other stuff. So, the geographic part is pretty simple, don't see a big change, I think relative to what we hear others talking about or reading the newspapers, if anyone still reads newspapers, is China is better than you would expect from taking your readings. The only weak part of the developed world, but no delta there, is Japan. Japan has been weak for a while, currency is an issue, but generally we saw kind of flat demand. Across the markets, both construction and manufacturing, and on media and entertainment, we're all good and there wasn't a lot of difference across that I would point to. We'll call out any trends that we're seeing that we're projecting into the future.
Richard Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. I agree with that. And by the way what the commentary that we just gave on emerging markets is really no different than what we've seen all year. We've seen China actually be a bit of a bright spot for us in the emerging markets and everything else and in particular Russia and Brazil have really struggled year-on-year. The only other thing that stands out when you look through, there was kind of strength across the board in Q4 and in particular the number of large transactions that we did, the deals greater than $1 million, heavily driven by our EBAs, our big Enterprise Business Agreements, we have a very strong quarter there and in fact in more than a handful of eight-figure deals there, now these are all ratable, so you don't see them all dropping into the revenue stream in Q4, but a handful of eight-figure deals and the largest manufacturing deal we've ever done, we discussed on in Q4. So I'd say strength on the high end as well.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Saket Kalia from Barclays.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions here. Carl, you talked last quarter about selling anywhere from 500,000 units to 800,000 units in a given year, and I think you said that it was about 650,000 units this year, correct me if I'm wrong. You've given us the subscription component of that with the subs guidance for fiscal 2017, but just normalizing for all the noise in 2017 how do you think about unit volume for fiscal 2017?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think, unit volume will be up, not a huge amount, but up. There – one of the tricks that we're kind of referencing in the forecasting is that in particular I think we have a couple quarters where it's hard to know which way people will go, Q1 and Q2 in particular, but even extending into Q3. So, we're doing our best job on triangulating from what we're hearing from our partners, what we're hearing from our sales people, top down models, extrapolation of trends, but to be honest it's a little bit hard and that's why we have a slightly broader range in terms of guidance and why we gave a slightly paradoxical guidance that I wouldn't mind seeing revenue down. I think they have now done something like 40 of these earnings calls at the end of the quarter, and I don't think, I've ever alluded to revenue to be down, but this may be – this is certainly a first, and so, it's just different than it's ever been. I can't highlight enough that the next four quarters are just going to be a little bit odd and that's why we point it to you, and I think you're on the right point, which is look at volume, we think volume will be up. Look at ARR, there will be a number of metrics that will underlie, is really the foundation for the business doing well and for underlying demand and then a little bit we are thinking the math will follow the will. And just as the math is ugly in the next year and a half, the math gets beautiful in the subsequent years. And so, we will take that as we can, but one other addition let me just add, what our bias is. And I think strongly supported by many of our investors is to do anything we can to transition our customers to the new model as fast as possible. So there are a number of things like this that we're doing, which again, we think could adversely affect some of our guidance on revenue, but we think will also help on exceeding on subscriptions. So many, many of you have noticed things like promotions in Q1. I think, you will see promotions in Q1 around our new model businesses. I think you'll see the same thing in Q3. It would not be out of the question for us to do stuff like that. So, a number of things, but our bias is we had already used up the end of sale date by six months, and now we are using all the knobs and levers we have to continue to put pressure on the system to move to the new model as quickly as possible.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: That makes sense. And then for my follow-up. I'm not sure for Carl or Scott, but one of the difficult things that I find modeling externally is that ARPS number particularly around new model ARR. And so, I'm not sure if this is something that you've looked at, but on a steady state basis, in Q3, Q4 and beyond, based on the historical mix that you've seen of historical volume and subscription pricing, what's a fair range to think about new model ARPS in sort of a steady state, if that make sense?
Richard Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. I understand that the model drives, you don't want to focus on that metrics, Saket, and I think that the key is what Carl said earlier, we geared the entire machine, from sales comp through the variable comp bonus plans that every employee has, you look at our promos, you look at the way we're – we will point our channel partners next week at our sales kickoff event, we've geared everything toward driving subs. Because the more we drive subs and in particular, the more we drive the new model subs, ultimately that's what builds the strength of the model and get us to that vision of fiscal point that we've laid out. So, ARPS to us is more a derived number. We're focused on driving subs, and driving ARR. And when you divide those three, you get ARPS. I think if you want to think about it a little bit more mechanically, I would – give you two pointers, one is the fastest growing piece of our desktop business, which is what's driving the new model subs, as much as anything is the low end, it's the AutoCAD LT Desktop subs. So that's naturally going to put downward pressure on ARPS. The second is the way we calculate ARR on a quarterly basis is, we total up our recurring revenue for the quarter, multiply that by a 4 and you get it annualized, and that's our ARR. And so the linearity in a given quarter will drive the ARR calculation.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Yeah.
Richard Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: In other words, the more those sales are coming late in the quarter, there is fewer revenue that actually accretes into the reported revenue for that quarter and so you don't get to see the full effect of it until the following quarter. So there is a – there is a little bit of seasonality and linearity effects on ARR in any given quarter, that I think can also throw off your ARPS calculation.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I mean just in general, the one thing I would say that ARPS, is I can see it come slightly higher this year, as more of our suites in our full-fledged offerings hit. But as Scott pointed out, our lower cost products like the LT will put pressure on it downward, as well as many of the cloud subscriptions. So as we've talked about many of the cloud subscriptions of larger groups working together is mostly individual design and engineering products. So things like BIM 360 and PLM 360 connect hundreds of thousands of users and so the average cost per subscriber will – could go – will be substantially lower than a design product. So it really is all caught up in that first word of average.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Very helpful. Thank very much, guys.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Just driven by mix, yeah. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line Sterling Auty from JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yeah, thanks. Scott, the comment that you made in the desktop it's the lower end that's really kind of driving the subscriptions at the moment. Do you think that's just a matter of who is interested in adopting first, and we'll see that mix change over time, or is there something about the subscription format that's going to drive users more towards a lower end product versus some of the higher end products?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: It's just that we introduced it first.
Richard Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, from a volume standpoint, Sterling, that's essentially right, it's not – there's nothing inherently advantageous of buying a subscription on LT versus buying a subscription on AutoCAD or PRDS or any of our other products. It is a highest volume product and given it is our highest volume product in perpetual sales, it will be our highest volume product on recurring sales as well.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, we really focused on it first, because one of the – one of our concerns going into this transition was that the customers, who are more paying for the flagship products, would be very comfortable with the new models, but that some of the LT users were more casual and might not want to enter into longer term commitments. So, we've focused very heavily given that it was our highest volume product on making it go there. So, I think what we're seeing a little bit is we're measuring the effect of our influence on this. A better time to take the measurement will be as we hit Q3 and we get to the – where we get to the end of sale of the perpetual licenses for suites as well as introduce our new offerings that are really the desktop replacements for suites.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. And then as a follow-up, you mentioned couple times the good results in terms of the large deals. Was there anything in particular that you saw stood out to drive some of those deals in terms of the timing, whether it just be year-end budget flush or particular types of problems that those customers are trying to solve with doing these larger deals?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think, there're a couple of things that have happened; some short term, some long term. One is there has always been more of a seasonality to our large enterprise deals. Some of it is driven by their end of year. And remember, even though the – one of the perks of this company is our calendar and fiscal numbering, it does give us a second close. So, we not only have a customer end of the year, but our sales people have an end of the year too. And so there's always been a stronger influence on Q4 because of that. So the second thing is, if you go back a handful of years we had almost no enterprise licenses, that was a non-existing part of our business, and I think, we've done a number of things over the mid-term to change that. One is we built out the sales force that did it, we changed the nature of some of our products, to better accommodated, we have licensing models that are more aligned with what they want to do, and I think our drive really to take a leadership position in the industry, whether it was – that's what we're doing in media and entertainment or BIM and AEC or what we're doing on the cloud and manufacturing has led companies to view Autodesk as a more strategic partner. I don't know how many years I'd had to go back before I would find that $1 million deal in a quarter was a big deal, and now it's fairly routine. So, we've invested heavily as we've detailed at Analyst Day this year and last year. We think there's a lot more there. We think the offerings coming enabled us to grow much more quickly and what we love about it is, it does have some trickledown effect in that all of these companies really affect their supply chain. So we're really excited about the enterprise business and we're going to continue to keep investing in it. And matter of fact, the biggest investment came during the 2008, 2009 downturn, when we recognized that our statistical run rate business was falling off and one of the places we could really invest was in the enterprise, and it was really out of kind of that soul-searching in the darkness that we really landed on this, and it's just been a continual success.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini from Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thanks, Carl, for taking the question. I just wanted to ask you a little bit about your maintenance ARR, which declined in the quarter, and I guess after you canceled suite licenses at the end of the second quarter, should we expect the declines in the maintenance ARR to accelerate, and I'm just thinking about it, it's a high margin maintenance stream. So, what's baked into your assumptions on how this should decline for fiscal 2017, given your earnings guidance? And then I just have a follow-up.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Let me just say one word, and then Scott, can go. Yes, you absolutely should count on maintenance ARR going down after the end of Q2.
Richard Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, Heather, I wouldn't say I don't know if accelerate is the right word, but this is again one of the trends we talked about back at Investor Day that as we sell our last perpetual license that will be the apex on maintenance subscriptions, which will come down at a rate consistent with our churn rate, and of course maintenance ARR will trail down as well. There is a lot of maintenance sitting in deferred revenue, right. So it's not going to come off quickly out of the reported revenues, but it will trickledown, it will become – in the second half of the year, both maintenance ARR and maintenance subscriptions growth will be a headwind to our total ARR total subscriptions growth.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And then the follow-up question, and I guess there's actually two quick ones. Your new model ARR increased by about $35 million in the quarter, how do we think about that ramping throughout fiscal 2017, is there a target we should be thinking of, or do you guys have a goal in mind that you could share, so we could benchmark, how you do versus expectations. And then the other question we're getting asked a lot about – you gave us some of the pieces, but how are you thinking about your cash flow for fiscal 2017?
Richard Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. First, Heather, we're not providing ARR guidance for the year, certainly in that level of granularity. I think again that we've set the machine, and I say that to mean every part of the company to focus on driving subs, and so the easy place to track right now through this year will be to track how we grow both total subscriptions and then more importantly the new model subscriptions because that's what's going to grow the company longer term. On cash flow I'd say a couple of things. Cash flow for Q4 was artificially low. We did have – we had very interesting linearity in the quarter where the third month of the quarter, so January for us saw more than half of our total sales get done and we – since we build net 30, we had a lot of – in a normal linearity, a normal 30/30/40 or the normal that we have experienced in the past few years, we would have seen about $95 million more cash flow from ops fall into Q4, but given the linearity of the quarter, given those sales got done late that all is sitting in receivables, by the way our receivables is 100% current. So, it's not – there is no risk on that. But it's sitting in receivables and will now be collected in Q1. So, what it means is, there is a headwind on the cash flow from ops just reported for Q4 that will just ripple over into Q1 and if you remember what we said for cash flow or free cash flow back at Investor Day, we said, we thought it would be breakeven to slightly negative for fiscal 2017 and that now goes up by about $100 million year-on-year. So think of it being certainly positive, somewhere around that $50 million to $100 million range.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Yeah. Thanks. Good evening. Carl in the second half of this year, after you terminate the perpetuals for suites, you will be introducing your so-called collections. You've stated before that this is one of the opportunities you have to reduce the complexity in your business. Could you talk about how you've anticipated perhaps the cost savings and the selling process from introducing these new collections and improving or aiding the overall salability process of introducing that?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So the way – so let me just break this apart into two halves, Jay. I don't think our – any of our financial guidance is just predicated on what we're going to do with collections, but we do think about it a lot. We are – we would really like to simplify the offering for a whole number of operational reasons, it's incredibly important that we do that. The second and probably more important thing that we're trying to accomplish with collections is to give an incentive for the existing customers, who are on maintenance for suites, a more attractive thing to move over to. So, as we said, we want to try to use the carrot as much as possible to convince our customers, our best customers, who are on maintenance subscription to move over, and that's what we really are looking to do. At the same time, it is a great way to simplify our product portfolio. So, we're going to use it for both those things. I think it will be important and we will kind of get a better read on it as we go through the year, but a lot of financial modeling that we've been talking about so far this afternoon is really predicated on overall volume and we're not assuming on any kind of outsized performance from collections.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: All right. At the analyst meeting, you mentioned that about a tenth of your named accounts had already adopted EBAs, and I was wondering if you now have an updated adoption rate in light of the strength you highlighted for large deals in Q4, and looking out how would you talk about the pipeline or assumptions of close in the EBA pipeline for fiscal 2017, our understanding is that you've got a number of interesting names in terms of industrial and automotive accounts, for example, and then perhaps you could talk about that.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, we do. We have a lot of really large manufacturers and large construction companies. I mean, there are certainly other companies in there, a number of media and entertainment companies. I mean, it's there, but it is focused in large manufacturing and large construction companies. I don't think we've hit 20% yet. So, we're somewhere in that 10% to 20%. I don't have a more precise number at this point. But I mean there's still a lot of room to grow and what's particularly good about this business, the growth in the business is just not the number of accounts, it's the growth within the accounts that's been so substantial. So it's not like we signed an EBA and at the end remember there is a consumption based aspect to this as well and we kind of detailed why we think it's a win-win. And so the existing EBAs continue to grow and we have more than 80% of our large customers are still not on these flexible licenses. So, last part, just to tie both your questions together Jay. There is essentially collections is a form of flexible licensing for smaller customers that can be sold through the channel. So, what we really want to do is use the patterns, just see the model that's worked so well for the enterprise and bring it to small and medium businesses and allow our partners to sell more flexible consumption based licenses as well.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley.
Stan Zlotsky - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. It's actually Stan Zlotsky sitting in for Keith. I wanted to come back to the restructuring that you guys announced. 10% head count being taken out. Where are the costs that are being taken out? Where are they being reinvested as we head towards fiscal 2017?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, I mean, there is only a small amount of reinvestment, but if you want to think about there are probably three areas where we are doing reinvestment. One area is moving to more inside sales, which I think is really important. The second is we continue to build out our back office. So remember, these flexible license offerings we talked about and are so proud about, we actually need to build the infrastructure to support that consumption based models unit. So, we are still investing in doing that. And then the third thing that we're doing is, you know, and I know it's gotten a lot less focus. I feel like I stand on my head and talk about this, it still doesn't matter, but the really big thing we're doing is investing in the cloud and mobile. And we're trying to change the dynamics of the market and we're continuing to invest in that. And so some of it is tied to cloud infrastructure and things like that. As you step-down a level, you would see things like continued investment in our enterprise sales force, things that are working. I think, you know, some of that first will fall in the category of the regular rejigging – rejiggering you do within a business. Clearly we have less people selling in Russia than we used to, and more people on major accounts. So, they hopefully Stan they gives you kind of the areas.
Stan Zlotsky - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Yes, that's very helpful. And maybe one more – one more for Scott, what layers of conservatism or maybe how did you approach your thinking around midpoint of $500,000 guidance for subs for 2017, and that's it from me. Thank you.
Richard Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. We really built it bottoms up. So, we look at a handful of things, one that we've already talked about which is – we'll hit the end of sale of perpetual license for suite mid-year. We expect some buying behavior, much like we saw at the very end of Q4 when we hit the end of sale on individual products. So, I think that will be – that will put some upward pressure on maintenance subs in the first half of the year, but at the end of the second half of year, there is no new maintenance subs and while we have a high renewal rate on maintenance, it's not a 100%, so maintenance turns around and becomes for the full year, but becomes a headwind for us on selling subscriber adds. The remainder is looking at what we think, what we've seen this year, what we think will happen next year in terms of unit volumes, and knowing that for the second half of the year, those unit volumes will all be in some form or fashion of subscription and so it's putting those two together and really building it bottoms up with the assumption on renewal rates that leads us to that midpoint.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, you know, if you look – if you just look at the numbers, those are the ones that we can most have the greatest confidence in, plus where – the question about conservatism. We probably are conservative on the side of some of the cloud subscriptions. I think, there is a lot more to be done there, and I think, this is going to look much more like the adoption of any new technology. There will be a tipping point, I can't tell you exactly where it is. We're happy with the groups which we see today, but there will be a tipping point just as we've seen for the adoption of almost every other technology, we've ever introduced.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Ken Wong from Citigroup.
Kenneth Wong - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hey, guys, maybe a question first for Scott. In terms of your spend target for next year being kind of flat to down 1%, any conservatism baked into that particular number, I know, I get from the top line and from subscriber base perspective, it's particularly tough to gauge what might happen, but from spending, you guys generally control most of that, so.
Richard Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. I wouldn't say there is aggressiveness or conservatism built into that number, Ken, that's one that's fully in our control. I mean, clearly the only variable there is if variable comp goes way up, because we have a blowout year, beyond that, and by the way we gauge that on subscriber growth. So I think that would actually be a good thing if it went up, but this is – the spend number is one we've got a pretty firm handle on.
Kenneth Wong - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got you. And then a follow-up, Carl, in terms of your kind of new subs, what are you guys seeing on renewal rates, maybe not specific renewal rates, but relative to internal targets is that coming in better than expected and how should we think about that going forward?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I mean, so far so good, I mean, all of that was really good.
Richard Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. I'd really – I'd say when you look at both the attach or on the maintenance side, we look at attach rate and renewal.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Richard Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: And then of course on the new model subs we look at renewal and we've seen upward pressure across the board, both attach rate and renewal rates.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Richard Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So it's – I'd say that's one of those, as Carl talked about, we look at next year, our fiscal 2017 with lot of excitement and lot of that's based on what we've seen now in terms of the acceptance of the new models and what we're also seeing on kind of the general bias upward.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, look – and I think, it will continue. And if you want to think about this, we did the end of sale of the perpetual license for individual products last quarter and the ones for suites next quarter, customers are more incented than ever to stay on the program that they're on. So in the past somebody could get off and then get back on, relatively painlessly, that is no longer a possibility by the second half of this year. So I think, it will continue to lend pressure on an upward bias.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Steve Ashley from Robert. W. Baird.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Thanks so much. Something if you might be willing to disclose, what kind of unit volume you had in the year just ended FY 2016?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, unit volume was about 650,000 licenses.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Perfect. And then at the Analyst Day you outlined – gave an outline chart showing what you saw that revenue might be going out to FY 2022, what expenses might be, what margins might be, you've already commented that you're tweaking it a little bit with screwing down the expense growth a little more than that, and in the near term maybe the revenue is somewhat you thought, but if we looked in those out years of FY 2021 and 2022 is your revenue expectation for that still similar to what it was back at the Analyst Day?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, so let me start at the end and then I'll work backwards. The answer is, yes. Our revenue outlook in the out years is still exactly what we outlined.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Get back to the beginning of your question, I would say relative to September, our expenses are much lower – considerably lower.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Just to put – from 5% to 6% that we said, was kind of the feeling. Now, we're talking about flat for the next two years, and then moderating from there. So, it's substantial, when you run the model it has a dramatic effect, particularly having gotten flat in the first two years of this transition.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yeah.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: The revenue, we're tweaking slightly, but the revenue is not about unit demand as we said, it's really whether people buy the new model or the old model.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Right.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And all through this year, we will still have some variability and some inability to predict exactly what happens. The good news is we moved to the end of the year, there's only one thing that people can buy new from us, and so while – in many ways, this is painful to go through the transition, we do hit a point probably in the middle of next year where 80% to 90% of the revenue in a quarter comes off the balance sheet. So if I go back to when I first started, where you started every quarter in zero. You're now going to be in a place where you start every quarter with 80% or 90% of the tank full, and that – and so we used the word business model transition and maybe certificates (54:42), but that's really what it means. So our ability to predict that gets very good at that point, and your ability to modeling gets very good at that point as you watch the ARR.
Richard Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes, Steve, we've confessed on this earlier, it's a somewhat paradoxical year. So if you – to the extent that that customers continue to move more quickly to the new models, that's going to put downward pressure on the current year's reported revenues. However, when you look out in time especially when you get out into fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2020. We talked about this, the overwhelming majority of our revenues are going to be driven by new model subs. So while a faster move to new model will result in lowering on reported revenues for this year, that actually is good news for building up that base and getting to the numbers we laid out in the out years.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Gregg Moskowitz from Cowen & Company.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much and good afternoon, guys. Carl, I was wondering if you could give us a bit more insight into recent customer behavior in conjunction with the termination of perpetual standalone for customers that opted not to buy one last license prior to the end of January to allow them buy a subscription instead before the end of month, do they wait one week, two weeks, three weeks after the quarter and then move forward or have yet to make a decision, just wondering any more color you can provide on that typical customer just from like you've seen and heard so far?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: What it looks like to us is most of the customers are moving to the desktop subscription, that's the general one. There's still enough choices out there, and still enough people that we can't totally account for but we won't really know. I mean we'll get a much better feel in Q3 as this becomes the only way to buy. But from all the anecdotal info talking to our partners, what people are tending to do is buy desktop subscription, like we said we thought about 10% of the volume was people who were taking advantage of the last moment opportunity to buy. I think we'll see that again in Q2, maybe slightly stronger with the suites, but I'm not convinced about it yet, but many people are finding desktop subscription as the only attractive alternative and may be when we started talking about this a couple years ago, we were the tall pole in the tent or something about this, we are no longer the tall pole in the tent. The entire software industry is moving to these kinds of licensing models and customers are just getting much more comfortable, and they understand what the benefit to them is of buying this way. So, I think that there will be some noise for a while, but by the second half of the year, we are well into the single model and by next year it's kind of all done.
Richard Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Gregg, I think one of the best indicators is if you look at that Q4 results, not only do we see as Carl said a small buy on the perpetual side, but we had the biggest quarter we've ever had for organic new subscription adds. So we actually saw both at the same time. It wasn't a buy one or I'll buy the other. Like we had the biggest quarter ever for new model subscription adds and we had the end of sale which drove some buying activity on perpetual licenses. So it's – I think, it's something to say I'm going to do this or I'm going to do that, what we're seeing is both is happening at two different customer sets.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brendan Barnicle from Pacific Crest Securities.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Thanks so much. Just as a follow-up to that question on new model subs. At the Analyst Day, you guys shared that I think 40% of the desktop subs were new to Autodesk. Do you have any update on what those look like as you look back over the year in terms of new customer – net new customers to you on the subs?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. We don't have anything that we can update you on yet. No, I don't – I wouldn't suspect there is any change there. But bear in mind there is a couple of statistics there. One is within desktop, right, how many of the new – of the desktop customers are net new to Autodesk. The other is and this is really where the future lies. Remember some of the statistics we have on the cloud products, where they are overwhelmingly net new customers that are coming to Autodesk. Now, it's still a small number today, but as you look further out in the future that's – we talk about TAM expansion, we talk about the upside of making not just the business model change, the advertising change, but the platform shift with that, and that platform shift really drives. We see a lot of net new customers, Autodesk can expand their TAM.
Richard Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. If you look at this carefully, just to put it in size and why we defer to the existing base, you know, our cloud products that are doing well, are in the tens of thousands as opposed to our other things which are in the millions. So, the growth rates can be high, the percentage of any particular characteristic can be high, but we're still comparing 10,000. On the other hand 10,000 is growing at 50% a year, so it's turning into real numbers.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: And then just following up you mentioned, you have any meeting with the channel next week and you mentioned the collections product is one sort of new offering for them, any other changes that you expect to see in the channel this year and anything related to either re-org and spending cuts that are going to change anything on that side?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. I think what you'll see in the – yes, they will see collections and they will hear about that, they will hear about new products, some of the improvements in the back office which has improved the efficiency of their businesses as well. There's always minor tweaks to the programs we have in place, but I don't see anything hugely different coming out of it, just one more year, our partners follow us closely as you know, and we've been working pretty closely. I will be disappointed if anything we said was a huge surprise to our partners.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Matt Hedberg from RBC Capital Markets.
Daniel Bergstrom - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Hi, it's Dan Bergstrom for Matt Hedberg. Thanks for taking the question. Say to build on Heather's question and even Steve's with fiscal year 2017, free cash flow moving higher with the updated target, should we still think of free cash flow bottoming in fiscal year 2017 and then thinking back to the mentioned free cash flow glide path chart from Analyst Day. Is there a quarter or a year you'd point to when free cash flow would start to diverge from that chart and move more towards the updated targets?
Richard Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, Dan. I would say in fiscal 2017 still looks like the bottom for free cash flow, fiscal 2018 still looks like the bottom for net cash versus net debt. So I don't think that's changed. I think the hard part about pointing to the quarter is that is the nadir, that is the actual bottom, there's linearity within a quarter, has such a huge impact on free cash flow when you take this 90-day snapshot. I could just talk about the linearity of Q4 which was a strong quarter from any dimension, but because of the linearity we a saw lot of the sales that came in in Q4 coming in that third month and depressed our reported free cash flows for Q4 by about $95 million which now has shifted from Q4 and into Q1. So, I think with linearity being such a large variable there, it's really hard to say this quarter definitively is going to be the bottom, but think of it as happening in fiscal 2017 from a free cash flow standpoint and then from accumulated cash standpoint think of that as fiscal 2018.
Daniel Bergstrom - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Brent Thill from UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS Securities LLC: Carl, I think maybe your answers going to be – you're going to have to wait to my question, but when you think about the suite bundles that you're going to have available, you have a very complex line up of products and I think everyone is just trying to understand how you think about directionally the number of bundles, what they look like, is this just something we're going to have to wait or is there any hints in terms of how we should think about that?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, no, no, you don't have to wait that long. I mean, we're going to be rolling them out to our partners. So basically it looks like – think of it as a couple per industry. It's kind of in rough terms, I know I can give you a lot more detail, but just think of it as a couple per industry and then there'll be a handful of standalone products that generally are in different price points and different levels of sophistication and complexity that, so for example, some of our complex simulation tools like Moldflow, we're not going to wrap into a bundle, because it just doesn't hit a broad enough section of the base. So the things that we're putting into the collection are the things that we think will be broadly used, and we're going to put together a couple of offerings in each of our three large industries that we serve.
Richard Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: The way to think about it is the goal is first of all to simplify, and so you'll see us bring down what is a fairly large menu of offerings into a much simpler set of offerings, point one. And the second is to drive consumption, to build those bundles in a way that drives product consumption, much like we see with the T-Flex on the very high end.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Brent Thill - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And this is a follow-up. Carl, many of the analysts on the call have covered software for close to two decades. It's been rare you see a seven-year out goal and on the free cash flow number and just going and looking at history, you've never achieved $0.75 billion of cash flow, yet you're giving a $2.5 billion goal. I know this is an aspirational target and there's a lot of things that could change, but what gives you the confidence at this point to do that when historically these long-term targets have been tough to hit?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Good question, Brent. I mean, I think it's partially what I just answered is that we start – so for example, we start building a model in which almost all of the revenue comes off the balance sheet. So just starting with that idea, that quarters used to start at zero and will now start at 80 or 90 or 95, is different. You will also be able to look at things like the churn and see the renewal rates and extrapolate from there. To the extent that you are – and we generally haven't gone out that far, but people really didn't understand the dynamic of this and so we were just trying to put it in perspective. I mean to the extent that you want to discount FY 2023, feel free to. It's way in the future. I think the FY 2020 is there, the problem we had and really the reason why we gave details around FY 2023 is because FY 2020 or FY 2021 is still so much in the steep part of the curve and so when we were doing that and only talking about FY 2020, people were saying, is that the terminal – is it the terminal cash flow, is it the terminal EPS, is it the terminal operating margin, and it wasn't. And just to the extent now that traditional financial metrics are going to go down, predictably as a result of how we account for this, it's just as certain that they come up on the other side, so I'm totally fine with people wanting to discount FY 2023, we just wanted to make sure that people understood that that's what our model looks like. And if you back off it, look we've impressed, there are some people that think we should be able to get a lot more, there's some view we'll get to less, but you can then look at it in a pretty reasonable way about thinking about the number of subscribers, because remember if anything, we have been attacked for our ARPS. So, there's not a lot of assumption about the ARPS going up. So it really is all about subscribers and then ARR really translates directly to revenue. So, put whatever discount you want on it, Brent.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Steve Koenig from Wedbush Securities.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Hi, gentlemen, thanks a lot for squeezing me in. I wanted to ask you a little bit about the long-term trajectory, when it comes to thinking about new users. And I know that there's definitional issues there. But if we suppose that out of your 650K seat sales, run rate, let's just say for the sake of argument, half of those are kind of new users versus half are people that are active, but weren't regularly paying and maybe buying a new license or something. Unless I mangled that, if I'm thinking about that the right way, if we can assume that, what happens to that new user addition number as you move through the transition? Can that 300K go up due to adding pirated users, it probably should go up, you should be adding those old license users as subscriptions, but then those become renewals, later in time.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yep.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: So, how can we think about the unit sales and the seat sales as we move along the transition?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, we would hope to see those continually going up, we've been pretty modest in our assumption. But you're right, you have the old subscribers and remember the definitional issue just really gets to this thing of a user could be at a different company, but they have been a user before and let's just ignore that for a second, but the old subscribers would be there. Piracy, we think this will put a significant dent in casual piracy. And as we said, the new offerings are the places where we're getting new customers. So come at this different way, we talk about it sometimes as TAM expansion, we talk about it as new users, I referenced the 100 million people in manufacturing and construction who didn't have a need for many of the tools we've previously sold, who didn't (69:09) do now whether that's BIM 360 or PLM 360. Those are new users, those new users may be inside of existing customers or they may be in new accounts, but we maybe can give you an indication of many of these products are relatively high in almost all cases, the majority of the customers that are doing it are not traditional customers. The other thing that I think is really important and I know you guys do not want to bake too much of this into your model, but we're running a business, not a spreadsheet. And in our world, the investments we've made in going into cloud based engineering tools has led us to have a leadership position in that. We deeply believe that the future of all software is in the cloud and in mobile and it opens up big markets. I've always believed for people who invest in Autodesk, this is one of the fundamental tenets you should believe in. There are less difficult ways to get there, but we think the business model transition starts the curve we just talked about with Brent, but if that is going to continue into the out years, that's based on the fact that we expand into new markets, get new users and win the platform of the future.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Great. I will leave it there. Thanks a lot, Carl.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Good.
Operator: Thank you and that concludes our question and answer session. I'd like to turn the conference back over to Carl Bass, CEO for any additional comments.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I just wanted to say one thing, I kind of hesitate to do it, because it's all been going so swimmingly. But I am really just trying to avoid work for Dave and Scott and I over the next couple of days, in having the same conversations several dozen different times, because I have had it in private, even as I go down to the coffee store, I get asked by all the investors in our building. And that's just the question of what's going on with our activist investors. And so, I just want to take that head on, I'm happy to talk about it privately with others, but it seems like a mistake not to address it to some degree. So, let me just give you my view point on this. The first thing is that I think a number of the 13D filers as well as some of the activist investors have raised legitimate concerns. The one part that kind of troubles me about it is that there are other long-term investors, really constructive investors, who have raised the same issues in a much better way. And so while we are absolutely talking to the activist investors, I think too much credit is being given to them and not enough credit is being given to our long-term investors, who have asked for a change in a constructive way. They've understood kind of the subtleties and complexities of running a business and they truly have taken the time to understand what the challenges and the opportunities we face. And so, I feel like they're getting the short-end of the stick, when they've really pulled the laboring war in supporting the company over the long period. Many of my problems with sort of some of the more activist investors is that their focus is extremely short-term and somewhat simplistic. They just ignore some of the complexities of running a business. And let's just get to a lighter note for a second and then I will return to being more serious, but let me just tell you what my concern is. It's that it's easy to sit on the outside and have lots of good ideas how to do this or that thing better or why things should move more quickly. As a matter of fact, if you turn on sports radio or political talk radio, on sports radio, you can hear thousands of people who know what the coach or general manager or the owner should have done differently and I'm worried about that. I watched the game last night, I had a million ideas of what the coach should do, but I didn't actually have to do the job. So in a nutshell, my concern is people who like essentially want to turn Autodesk into Men's Wearhouse. It you look, I don't think any of the people who got involved in Men's Wearhouse intentionally meant to do damage to the company. I don't think they meant to screw it up, but I think they had some simplistic views and what troubles me is seeing those same views expressed about our business. Actually I got one little funny story here. I looked at Men's Wearhouse the other day and they changed the name of the company and the symbol and what I thought was interesting is changing the name makes it actually hard to track the price and how poorly it's performed. But the symbol is a little bit of a telltale sign because if you just look at it, it's spelled TURD, it's actually TLRD, but it's what it looks like, and it's probably more like it. So, let me just try to end this on a more serious note. We are talking to the activists. We would like to shift the conversation to the active investors through more constructive dialogue. There is certainly a possibility that together we can do that. And most importantly, I just want to say thank you to our long-term shareholders who have understood what the challenges are, but really the fantastic opportunities the company has. Thanks.
David Gennarelli - Director-Investor Relations: All right. That concludes this afternoon's call. As many of you know, we'll be at Morgan Stanley conference on March 3. And you can contact me directly, you can reach me at 415-507-6033.Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does concludes the program and you may now disconnect. Everyone, have a good day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2015-11-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Gennarelli - Senior Director-Investor Relations Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Stan Zlotsky - Morgan Stanley Saket Kalia - Barclays Shakeel Alam - Goldman Sachs Dan Bergstrom - RBC Capital Markets Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Brent Thill - UBS Philip Winslow - Credit Suisse Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen & Company Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Autodesk Q3 Fiscal 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would like to introduce your host for today's conference, Mr. David Gennarelli, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Sir, please begin.
David Gennarelli: Thanks, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss our results for third quarter of fiscal 2016. Also on the line is Carl Bass, our CEO; and Scott Herren, our CFO. Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investors. As noted in our press release, we have published our prepared remarks on our website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments, and we will not repeat them on this call. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the anticipated future performance of the company, such as our guidance for the fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2016, our long-term financial model guidance, the factors we used to estimate our guidance, including currency headwinds, our transition to new business models, our market opportunities and strategies, and trends for various products, geographies and industries. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment, based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time-to-time with the SEC, specifically our Form 10-K for the fiscal year 2015, our Form 10-Q for the period ended April 30, and July 31 2015, and our current reports on Form 8-K, including the Form 8-K filed with today's press release and prepared remarks. Those documents contain and identify important risk and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today's call, but will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today's press release, prepared remarks, and on the Investor Relations section of our website. We will quote a number of numeric or growth changes as we discuss our financial performance. And unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. And now, I would like to turn the call over to Carl.
Carl Bass: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. At our Investor Day in late September we laid out vision and core [ph] for our business model transition. Overall, this quarter was in line with the plan we outlined. The performance of traditional P&L metrics like revenue, operating margin and EPS, most of which were ahead of our expectations, were driven by slightly more perpetual license sales than expected. Metrics like billings and total subscription additions were below our expectations. We'll be in this hybrid model for the next few quarters. As a reminder, we'll stop selling new perpetual licenses for individual products on February 1st and most of the rest of the products including suites on August 1st of next year. At that point, metrics like subscription additions and ARR will begin to being more predictable. Most importantly, we are pleased with the total unit volume of licenses sold in the quarter, which was in line with historical ranges and we're on track to add approximately 600,000 or more units for the fiscal year. This number is critically important for two reasons. First, it is the best indicator of the health of the business while customers have two different ways to buy our products. Secondly, it drives new subscription additions starting in Q3 when perpetual licenses are no longer offered. We were also pleased with the continued growth of our desktop subscription sales and growth in new model ARR. From an operational perspective, we continue to make critical investments. Infrastructure for the business model transition and our cloud platform and services remain the top priorities. At the same time, we've been focused on managing our overall spend and creating increased efficiencies throughout the organization which led to only 1% growth in total spend for the quarter. This is part of a much larger plan to ratchet down expense as we move through the transition. One particular cost saving action we have taken recently is our decision to exit the hardware business at the end of this quarter for our creative finishing products within our Media & Entertainment group. This is a small portion of our overall business, but comes with substantially lower margins. It's really a win-win as customers have been asking for hardware freedom, channel partners have wanted to sell it and it will benefit our margins over time. Another area where we expect to achieve cost savings and margin benefits is with our eStore. We just launched our new North American eStore this month after years of it being hosted by a third party. The new site creates a better customer experience and reduces the cost of these online transactions. This is important because we believe we can meaningfully increase the volume of business we do online. And finally, during Q3, we opportunistically took advantage of the low stock price to increase our stock buyback. We purchased 3.2 million shares at an average cost of $46.33, bringing our total buyback to 6.9 million shares year-to-date. Now let me spend a little time on subscriptions. Once again, subscription additions were led by new model types which increased over 130% and represented over half of the subscription additions. Desktop subscriptions led the new model type additions. The volume of desktop subscriptions coming through our channel partners continued to increase. In Q3 channel volume of desktop subscriptions was over 60% of total desktop subs. That's up 44% in the third quarter last year, so it's clear that our channel partners are actively engaged with us through this transition and are making desktop subscriptions an important part of their business mix. Looking ahead, we remain focused on driving new business as well as converting the sizable base of non-subscribers to subscribers. Recall that in the second quarter we discontinued selling perpetual license of LT in Australia and New Zealand and the results were positive. We took out a step further in Q3 when we discontinued selling perpetual licenses of LT and the rest of Asia-Pacific with the exception of Japan. Once again, we experienced an increase in the unit volume of LT. It's another data point that gives us confidence going into the next few quarters. Attached and renewal rates for maintenance subscription remain strong. Last year's highly successful upgrade program made comparisons for new maintenance subscriptions challenging. Total ARR increased 18% in constant currency with maintenance ARR growing 9% and new model ARR more than doubling year-on-year at constant currency. Total recurring revenue increased to 56% of revenue compared to 48% in the third quarter last year. Taking a closer look at our industry segments, let's start with AEC. We continue to win new business in AEC. One of the most prestigious architectural companies in the world just decided to standardize on Revit, the world's leading BIM software. This particular firm has been using competitive products for the past 20 years. We are encouraged by the continued adoption of our cloud-based AEC tool. BIM 360, our cloud-based software for construction management continues to grow rapidly. We recently signed an agreement with one of the top international contractors where BIM 360 won out over competitive on-premise software. BIM 360 is being established as the primary construction field reporting and management tool for this firm's construction and business units. A360 collaboration for Revit also experienced strong sequential growth in subscribers. Now, turning to our manufacturing business. We continue to gain grounds in all sectors, but particularly in automotive, aerospace and industrial machinery. Inventor, Alias and Fred continue to be very strong performers. Fusion 360, the first cloud-based 3D CAD system experienced strong growth in adoption and usage. We clearly have the pole position in terms of bringing engineering software to the cloud. We're particularly encouraged by the use of Fusion in large companies switching from latency systems such as SolidWorks. We're very encouraged by strong adoption in enterprise accounts even in industries that have been more cautious about use of cloud based product design software. This comprehensive functionality built into a cloud-based platform has proven to be very compelling for companies looking for their next generation product development software. The strength of our simulation portfolio was evidenced this quarter by competitive wins at several high profile enterprise accounts that have long been strongholds for the competition. But these customers are focused on simulation early in the design process and close alignment in design tools has proven to be a unique value driver. Our move to the cloud has proven to be a differentiated competitive advantage especially with our SMB customers. We had another solid quarter with PLM 360. Speed and scale for deployment gives us competitive differentiation versus legacy on premise solutions. Both new logos and total PLM deals increased 50% in the quarter and we continue to have a steady stream of existing PLM customers come back to expand their original contracts. Going forward, we're excited about scaling this business, starting with its strong pipeline going into Q4. Now, turning back to our model transition. I want to revisit the main themes we spoke about at our Investor Day last quarter. We're now a little over two months away from a major milestone in our transition, the end of sale of perpetual license offerings for individual products. We're targeting a 20% compound annual growth rate in subscriptions and a 24% compound annual growth rate of ARR from the end of this fiscal year to the end of fiscal year 2020. As we indicated, the model hinges on growth in subscriptions. So it's helpful to talk about what we expect to be the four primary drivers of subscriptions. First, starting in the third quarter of next year virtually every license that we sell will be a subscription as the end of sale all new perpetual licenses. As you may recall from our disclosures a few years ago, the typical run rate of licensed unit volume has ranged from 500,000 to nearly 800,000 per year. On top of typical run rate of licenses, we are seeing a multiplier as customers move from perpetual to subscription. This multiplier ranges anywhere from a 10% to 30% uplift in units. These tend to be companies that were previously sharing licenses among their users, and the subscription price point makes sense for them to purchase additional seats. Second is converting a minimum of 30% of the 2.8 million users out there who are active but not on subscription. The third piece is capturing a larger share of casual filers. And finally, the TAM expansion of cloud based products and services which brings in new users. The 20% subs CAGR will drive the 24% ARR CAGR. We also talked about a 3% CAGR in annualized revenue per subscription. That number is heavily influenced by the mix of subscriptions. LT and cloud subs have a lower ARPS relative to our other offerings and will depress total ARPS but are great for total ARR growth. I also want to be clear that these CAGRs anchor on the end of FY 2016 and we expect some bumpiness over the next three quarters as we end the sale of new perpetual licenses. This does not change our conviction in our assumptions or the end state of this transition one bit. In fact, the early proof points around subscription adoption have been very encouraging. I alluded to this at the beginning of the call and I'll reiterate here. Our business model transition will not be perfectly linear and the amount of business that we will transition, the number of subscription additions and the mix of subscription additions will fluctuate. The fourth quarter is always the biggest quarter of the year for us. Gauging the level of activity around customers buying the last perpetual licenses for individual products is particularly difficult to project. As such, we've taken a more conservative view and reduced our billings and subscriptions outlook for the remainder of the year. This is partially related to our Q3 results and partially related to our revised Q4 outlook. We're also factoring in about a $10 million reduction in billings related to exiting the Creative Finishing hardware business. Global economic conditions remain uneven with strong headwinds continuing in most emerging markets. FX headwinds remain persistent but they haven't gotten much worse than the first three quarters of the year. To wrap things up, we're really excited to being one step further along and maintain our strong conviction in the model transition. We're heading down a path that will provide our customers with greater flexibility and a better user experience while creating a more predictable, recurring and profit profitable business for Autodesk in the years to come. Operator, we're now ready to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first is from Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Stan Zlotsky: Hey, guys. Good afternoon. This is actually Stan Zlotsky sitting in for Keith. Thank you for taking my question. Wanted to kick it off with the long-term model. So you're saying that nothing has changed, but we are essentially taking down subscriber targets for this year, so we're lowering the starting point. So does that implicitly say that you are saying that the growth rate in subs will be unchanged, but the end point will be different?
Carl Bass: Hi, Stan. It's actually a really small amount; we're taking it down, if you project it out over years. This is just a timing adjustment from where we started. The important thing to look at here is to remember that what we talk about here in those numbers is net subscriber adds. So the number of subscriptions we added was in keeping with exactly what we wanted and that was different. And as I expect, there will be a bunch of questions. I'll go into this more deeply. But to answer your question directly, the net down and for a number of reasons, but in general we were right on track and that's why we I gave the unit numbers the licenses, so you could gauge it. If you put this on to the total days the number really makes no difference in the model as you project it out any number of years.
Stan Zlotsky: Okay. And then, my follow-up…
Carl Bass: Remember, we're talking about tens of thousands versus millions.
Stan Zlotsky: Got it. So does that mean that you saw slightly higher churn in the quarter than you were expecting? And that's it from me. Thank you.
Carl Bass: Yeah. So, yes. I didn't even get to the next questioner before we got more questions about it, so we might as well just walk through it. So the first thing is, let's just remember that the 80,000 is net adds. The unit volume was nearly twice that in terms of subscriptions. There are two things that go to it. One is a maintenance base that is now very big, approximately 2.1 million subscribers, and a renewal rate that's less than 100%. So any small change there or any change in timing or any change in buying behaviour even at a small amount changes the reading at this moment in time when we measure it. And the other thing is the attach rates are less than the renewal rate. As we've disclosed over the years. So a little less influential but it does come from a little bit from the tax rate and a little bit from churn in the maintenance phase on the existing model.
Stan Zlotsky: Thank you, guys.
Carl Bass: Well, let me just finish on the other part of it is if you don't do the net of it, subscription adds were just where we anticipated they would be.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Saket Kalia of Barclays. Your line is open.
Saket Kalia: Hi, guys. Thanks for taking my questions here. Might as well stay on the subscription kind of line of questioning here, Carl. So the reduction for the year, I guess that 3.10 to 3.30 versus the 3.75 to 4.25, maybe you can walk us through where the lion share of that reduction is coming from. Is that coming from your point that lower attach and renew rate that maybe you expected in the maintenance base or is the new model base maybe a little bit less than what you expected as you wrap up the year?
Carl Bass: It's about 50/50. I mean, at least this quarter it was. Once again I try to highlight it in my remarks. I can tell you exactly what happened in Q3 and in that case it's 50/50. If you look going forward, because of the difficulty in projecting our customer behaviour precisely about whether they'll choose to stock up on perpetual licenses or move to desktop subscription, it's a little bit harder to project. We just thought we'd be a little bit more cautious and conservative, particularly with the mix. And so I want to draw two pictures. We're more cautious about the net adds. We gave you the other facts and figures to show really that the unit volume is steady and that the demand is high. And so I don't want to confuse those two issues. But I can tell you Q3 really 50/50, Q4 and going into next year, a little bit harder to be precise about.
Scott Herren: Yes, Saket. If all you're trying to bridge is the midpoint of the previous guidance for the full year to the midpoint of the current guidance for the full year, what I'd say is a big chunk of that is where we see ourselves coming out of Q3. So if you just add the numbers up this year, we've added about 236,000 net subs. When you peel back how that compared to where we thought we'd be at this point the bigger driver of the delta is what you said. It's on the maintenance side versus on the new model side. The new model growth has been good. We continue to see it looking strong, particularly year-on-year. But it continues to grow strongly sequentially as well. When you look at Q4, I think what Carl said is spot on. What we're trying to do is take a somewhat conservative view of what we think the net adds will be. There's a significant opportunity as we hit the first milestone or the next milestone in our business model transition and end of sale perpetual licenses for individual products and trying to gauge what that does in terms of driving additional demand relative to a very large maintenance base. If you go back several years, Q4 has always been our biggest quarter for perpetual license sales, which means it's also our biggest quarter for renewals and there's an enormous maintenance renewal amount that gets done during the quarter. And it's balancing those two off, that's what's led us to where we are.
Saket Kalia: Got it, got it. And then the follow-up, maybe if we shift over to the kind of -- to the creative finishing part of the business. Carl, I think you said roughly a $10 million impact, I think in the fourth quarter on billings. So is it fair to think about that as maybe a $40 million a year kind of revenue run rate? And what's the sort of gross margin on that, that you're now going to be sort of offloading?
Carl Bass: Yes Saket, that's right. So, to be clear, what we did in Creative Finishing, to this point we sold that product on hardware. So its software license and then we built it – we actually packaged it on the hardware and shipped it out. What we did in Q4 or at the end of Q3 is, based on really feedback from partners and customers that wanted the flexibility to use their own hardware is converted Creative Finishing software to a software only offering. So what that pulled out of our revenue stream is the hardware that was effectively a pass-through. We bought it, packaged the software on and passed it through. So, as you would imagine, it's pretty low margin business. Now, Q4 is the biggest quarter for that as well, so I wouldn't take the 10 million that we see the impact in Q4 of this year and just multiply it by four. But it's somewhere between $25 million to $40 million, is what would come out, low margin business but all hardware only.
Saket Kalia: Got it. Very helpful. That's it from me. Thanks.
Carl Bass: Thanks. Great.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Heather Bellini of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Shakeel Alam: Hi. This is Shakeel Alam in for Heather Bellini. Just one question on maintenance and what you're seeing there. So you added 32,000 maintenance subscribers but ARR stayed flat. Is that what you're expecting? And so could you comment on the attach rate you're seeing on maintenance versus prior quarters and from next quarter with license ending, are you expecting a strong maintenance ARR uptick while this is the last chance to buy standalone licenses?
Carl Bass: You asked a lot of questions, Shakeel. So let me jump in and if I missed one remind me. The first question of 33,000 net new maintenance adds for the quarter but billings being effectively flat sequentially. I think the thing you've got to bear in mind is 33,000 on the base of about 2.1 million. So the overall growth -- the growth of the overall base which of course is what drives that is not nearly as big as 33,000 would sound. On the attach rates, what we are seeing though is we continue to see attach rates growing. Now, not -- it still is below the overall renewal rate for maintenance but the attach rates growing, it's growing on LT which is still a step function below the other products. But it's growing on the other products as well and renewals continue to be strong through the quarter. So we're not seeing any significant change there.
Shakeel Alam: And then for 4Q are you expecting an uptick in maintenance ARR?
Carl Bass: Yes you know, the hard part about calling that is calling the number of customers during Q4 that actually take advantage of the last chance to buy perpetual license. To the extent that that's a big number, but a lot of people look at this and say hey, I want to buy my perpetual license while I can with the attach rates we're having that will drive a significant uptick in maintenance ARR. To the extent that we continue to see what we're beginning to see is a lot of customers saying okay, I've now gotten comfortable with desktop subscription, we see it growing at substantial rates year-on-year, but growing sequentially as well. And if more people say I'm ready for -- I'm ready to make that shift, that would again drive desktop subscriptions but only when they actually need it. There's no end of sale on desktop subs. So better news for us long-term, the more people that accept the shift over to desktop subs, but there's no compelling event in Q4 for that set of customers. So it's really trying to predict the mix of people that want to take advantage versus the mix of people who say no, I'm ready to make the shift.
Shakeel Alam: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Matt Hedberg of RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open.
Dan Bergstrom: Yeah, hi it's Dan Bergstrom for Matt Hedberg. Could you talk a little bit about bringing the eStore in-house? How does that enable you to increase the volume of the business you do online? Thanks.
Carl Bass: Yes. I think there are two different dynamics going on. I think customers, particularly small customers, are choosing to buy more and more online as they get more comfortable with it. The factor that we get to influence is the experience. Outsourcing it has its limitations in terms of the experience you're giving customers and buying and maintaining their things online. We felt like we'd grown that business to a point where we needed to control it ourselves. Second important thing about it is we felt like we were paying too much money for the service to do that and so we wanted to bring it in so we could lower the cost per transactions and improve the experience.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Sterling Auty of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Sterling Auty: Yes, thanks. Carl, you had an activist investor actually file recently. I'm curious if you had any conversations with them and what's going to be your approach? Will you be open to discussions and the suggestions they might have to improve shareholder value?
Carl Bass: Yes. I probably found out about the filing the same way you did. I happened to be at Japan at the time. And somebody sent me a news article. When I saw you that, part of the filing was that, Sachem I'm not sure if I'm pronouncing it correctly, Sachem had filed. I reached out. I spoke with Scott. We didn't say anything of substance, but we agreed to get together. Just as I've done with many investors. We continue to be open to talk to all of our investors, whether they file or not.
Sterling Auty: Got it. And then, back -- Scott, I hate to do this to you, but back to maintenance. I guess I wasn't clear. Sounded like you said that attach rates are continuing to improve and renewal rates are steady. But I thought in an earlier comment that when we look at the change in the net subscription expectations for the year that the maintenance was definitely a 50% of the component. So I guess I'm still missing which component is coming in less than what you expected. Is it the churn or is it the attach?
Scott Herren: No, it's actually neither. In order to attach a maintenance agreement you need a new licensed sale. And so when we looked at new licensed sales for the year this year, as we were laying out the plan, it's a little bit like doing a channel check, where you look at a small sample size and try and extrapolate to the rest of the world. And so what we had based that, what our expectations on the end of sale of perpetual and what that would do in terms of driving new license sales, is we based it on some of the tests that we had done and we based it on the experience we had with the end of sale of upgrades. And what we've seen is attach rates continue to be strong and strengthening and renewal rates have stayed strong for maintenance. But the number of people who are buying that last perpetual license are less than we expected when we set up the plan for the year.
Sterling Auty: Got it. That makes sense. And maybe just to put a finer point on that, do you think that's macro or do you think it’s still understanding the model transition or some other factor?
Carl Bass: I think there's two things going on. I think macro is relatively steady. We have not seen a dramatic change. I know this will come up so we might as well just cover it now. The Americas, U.S. in particular, continues to be relatively strong, as does Central and Northern Europe. We see weakness in Brazil and Russia and the Middle East. China I actually feel is slightly stronger than I think generally people are giving the credit for. And Japan is weaker than I think anybody would want. And you know, I think that's the round-up of what the macro looks like. So in general, I think macro is not a huge factor. It's neither particularly positive, nor particularly negative. FX continues to be negative, as it is for everybody. And looks like it might continue for a while. But that's kind of the round-up of what I would see about macro. I don't think the competitive situation has changed very much in the mainstream businesses. There's different dynamics in some of our cloud businesses. We're kind of leading the way, but other than that, not a huge amount of change.
Sterling Auty: Okay. Thank you guys.
Carl Bass: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question's from Brent Thill of UBS. Your line is open.
Brent Thill: Hey, Carl. Just on the channel, many of the channel partners we speak with, it seems like there's a divergence. The larger ones get it. They want to be on board. They understand the power of it. The smaller ones are still struggling, which you would expect, given this. But I guess, just, do you feel like you've got the channel guys now really ready to go, they're on board? Can you just give us a sense of how that education process is going at a high level? And there is a follow-up too on the deal you mentioned, nice to see a 20 year competitive switch. Are you -- what drove that in terms of their decision making? Do you see other deals like that in the queue that are ready because of either an architectural limitation or -- just give us a little more color would be helpful.
Carl Bass: Okay. So first channel partners and then the switch. So if you look at channel partners, let's just back up for a second and maybe have a little discourse on channel partners and checking with channel partners. The first thing, just to remind everybody, is if you look at it broadly 30% of our business -- 20% to 30% is the very top tier, less than a tenth of a percent of our customers. And at the so-called bottom of the pyramid, people going through lower cost channels like the eStore, that's 20% to 30% of our business. When you get to the middle part of our business, that is our traditional good partners, one of the things also is that business is geographically aligned like the rest of our revenue with about 25% in the U.S. and 75% outside. It's one of the reasons just on a kind of an aside why often the channel checks don't correlate as well. That if you're only starting with 40% of the business or 50% of the business and you talk to a sampling of 25%, you're sampling 12.5% of the people that you would like to. Overall, we have more than 2,000 channel partners. So use that as a backdrop to this. I would totally agree with what you're saying, Brent. I think the larger partners understand the transition better, have moved more quickly, have prepared their business, as you would expect, but I wouldn't say it's uniform. There are also smaller partners who are some of our best partners who have understood this, who have always had really healthy businesses that provide great services. But if I look by and large, I think your characterization is correct. If you look at it from the business point of view, we gave you all kinds of metrics during my remarks about why the channel partners are selling it. If anything, I would say our channel partners; the traditional channel partners are more enthusiastic than desktop subscription than we originally planned. We knew from the beginning that this is a tough transition for cash flow sensitive businesses. We've tried to do our best to ease it. We gave plenty of warning. When others were urging us to make the transition happen faster, we thought this was the prudent thing to do and not only getting a company with our kind of balance sheet through it, but most importantly getting those 2,000 channel partners through it. Having said that, I don't think every channel partner will make it through in an identical form. There will probably be some consolidation out there. There will be some change in business, slightly more than the natural churn that we see there. But I would just generally say channel partners get it. They've gotten on. It reminds me a little bit when we first brought out subscription, and as I listen to the names who have asked questions so far, many of you were there when we did that. And our channel partners thought subscription, if you had listened to them in the moment, was the end of their business. I think almost everyone you ask today they would say it is the best part of their business. And so I think in the same way we have been very considerate and deliberate in how we move not only our business but an important part of moving their business as well. The second thing was, yeah, it was really gratifying. This was a very prestigious firm. You know, what has happened around the world where we have -- we have a strong market position in architecture, engineering and construction software. But people don't realize there are many competitive products. There are strong local products. There are many reasons why people choose other things. We have been working on the periphery with this firm for a while. The thing that put them over the edge is really how prevalent building information modeling and particularly as Revit as the tool of choice is for building information modeling. And let me just digress [ph] for a second. People don't realize this about our business sometimes, but while we were in a very complex technology business technology adoption doesn't happen overnight. For those who may have forgotten, we bought Revit back in 2002, I believe. So we're 14 years later and we still think there's lots of market penetration. If you were to look at a graph of the revenue, the first five years would not have impressed you. So, I mean, it's really gratifying to see how long this is and that at this point in time we are winning the business of some of the best and most creative firms in the world. I expect that trend to continue and as you've seen, it's not only in the architectural space but in the construction space, we continue to gain market share and we think it's an important part of what we're doing investing in our cloud-based businesses where really the future of this industry is.
Brent Thill: Thanks, Carl.
Carl Bass: You're welcome, Brent.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Philip Winslow of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Philip Winslow: Hi. Thanks for taking my question. Carl, I know you touched from a geographic perspective on macro. But when you look at the industry verticals that you guys service, commercial, construction, civil, different parts of manufacturing, and obviously the media side. But when you look by vertical, I mean is there any sort of tone change across those vertical industries? Who hasn't changed? Who maybe is changing? And just sort of how you're kind of contemplating that or thinking about this over the next few quarters here, what you're keeping your eyes on.
Carl Bass: Yeah. It’s surprising little change in the business environment around those, I don't see dramatic changes. I think there's a lot of picking and complaining about interest rates even though I think it's fully baked into the market and for the of most part people doing things like development projects or capital improvements and manufacturing have figured this in for a while. Maybe it's gotten slightly more certain. But surprisingly in our end markets we're not seeing huge amounts of change either geographically or by industry. It's kind of steady as she goes. Certainly sitting here in San Francisco, I have a little bit of concern about kind of bubble valuations in down round IPOs. But that may be a much more local phenomenon. And I wouldn't extrapolate from there that feels to me like a bad channel check. So, I would just say business is pretty steady as she goes. We're monitoring it. I think the other end indicator for me was the demand that we talked about in the total unit volume, kind of indicates to me the same thing. So no big change. Scott?
Scott Herren: Yeah. So, I was going to say the same thing. When you look at the underlying demand, in other words the units that we sold during the quarter, it's right in line with what our expectations were and where it's been historically. And then, if you slice it the other way, by industry vertical and I think we've got this – I'm sure we've got this in the prepared remarks. The revenue growth rates in AEC were around 4%, but in manufacturing it was the same, about 3% or 4%. So we're not really seeing any bifurcation by vertical at this point.
Philip Winslow: Got it. And then, actually just a quick follow-up for Scott. Carl mentioned, as he did back at the Analyst Day a couple years ago, the 500,000 to 800,000 license units, wondering if you can give us a sense for sort of just what last year was or maybe this past couple years if you have that, just so we can kind of get a sense for -- because that 500 to 800 range is pretty wide, sort of what the most recent cadence was like?
Carl Bass: Sure. Last year would have been toward the higher end of that because we had a pretty successful upgrade set of sales last year. So it's a bit of an anomaly. Definitely it would have been the high end of that range. So if you go back before that, and really before we in earnest got into the business model transition, it was right around the midpoint of that range, between 500 and 800. And that's what we're seeing again this year, in terms of net demand, in other words, net sales in the market, right about the midpoint.
Philip Winslow: Got it. Thanks, guys.
Carl Bass: Thanks, Philip.
Operator: And your next question is from Gregg Moskowitz from Cowen & Company. Your line is open.
Gregg Moskowitz: Okay, thank you very much. Carl, I’m wondering if you could just give us a little color on the sort of activity meaning perpetual and subscription that you saw this quarter in Asia-Pac, ex-Japan, and A&Z, how did that change as the quarter progressed and its deadline for buying perpetual license approached?
Carl Bass: Yeah, Gregg, we saw what you'd expect to see. So to be clear, we didn't end of sale all perpetual licenses in APAC this quarter ex-Japan. It was only LT only the low end, so very similar to what we had done in Australia, New Zealand in the prior quarter. We saw an increase in the volume of LT sales as we approached that end of sale. So it was right in line with our expectations. And the one thing I'd say we're seeing with these end of sales is they are definitely more backend loaded in the quarter than our traditional run rate. So it makes a little bit more challenging in forecasting. I used to talk about or almost brag about, you could look at the first three weeks and it was a statistical phenomenon to predict week 13. These promotions -- and I expect them to continue through the next three quarters possibly four, are just a little bit harder because we really are creating these events and it's just human nature not to act until the last moment.
Gregg Moskowitz: Okay. That makes sense. And then just for Scott, so Carl made a comment that you're looking to ratchet down expense as you move you through the transition, exiting the hardware business for Creative Finishing being an example of that. Are you still expecting a spending increase of 5% to 6% per year going forward or has your view on that changed to some degree? Thanks.
Scott Herren: Yeah, Greg, so I'll start and then actually let Carl jump in on this too. If you look at the quarter we just announced the total spend growth was 1%. If you looked at just OpEx, because COGS is obviously going up as we build out the cloud infrastructure. We just narrowed in from total spend to OpEx. The quarter we just announced was flat in OpEx year-on-year and so -- and if you look at the guidance we've given for Q4, and back into the spend growth that that would equate to it's in that same 1% to 2% range in Q4. So we have really put a lot of focus into effectively managing down spend and becoming more efficient across the board. Carl, you want to?
Carl Bass: Yes. I mean, I'd say two things. One is the plan is to continue to ratchet it down going into next year. There's a little bit of the effect of currency. But on a constant currency basis I'd say it would be coming down into the range we mentioned. The other thing was it was definitely a change from Investor Day. And truthfully, we've been speaking a lot over the last six months with many of our long-term constructive investors and they totally understand and certainly believe in the model transition and the strength of the franchise, but there was definitely a hankering for greater cost control. So we listened carefully, and you saw. And so we put plans into place earlier. We did something in Q3, doing the same kind of thing in Q4. Some things take a little longer to put in play and it's a combination of ongoing operating expenses and then structural things like we do for the either the eStore, which, again ironically, sometimes take an investment in order to do that. So that one in particular is an investment in our IT infrastructure to do it, in the long run it pans out, but some of the fluctuation you see in costs are due to things like that that have a benefit over a longer time horizon. But we're continuing to make some of those changes. Let's just back up on the expense question a little bit to look at – there are really two things that we're doing in parallel right now. And in each of those cases we're running dual models. So on the business model we really had business systems from front to back end that are for the old traditional model. We have been building out a complete set of front-end and back-end to service new customers in new ways. And on the technology side, while most of our revenue is on traditional Windows-based machines with installed software, by far the fastest growing and certainly the future of the company is on cloud computing and we've been building out, not only infrastructure, but products and services for that, and we strongly believe in the future there. The reason why we have confidence to not only do it during the transition but beyond is that some of those costs will obviously go away. They are necessary now, but they become redundant over time. So we took strong action to do it and we'll be doing more and talking about it more. But for now that's probably enough.
Gregg Moskowitz: Very helpful. Thank you.
Carl Bass: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Brendan Barnicle of Pacific Crest Securities. Your line is open.
Brendan Barnicle: Thanks so much. Carl, you know you should never let us know that you're not going to tell us enough. So I mean, I have to ask more about this expense piece. So I was still modeling, I think a lot of people were still kind of that 5% that you guys had been talking about. So as we think about more of a 1% to 2%, where should we be looking for that leverage to come from?
Carl Bass: As we talked about before, we think there are couple areas. But, in general I would look across the board and I would look at -- but if you peel that back, what you would see is some of the investments we made -- e-store is like a perfect example of where those were expenses that were in there, now that we're rolling it out we will see the benefit of it in lower cost structure for people transact that way. We've done it in North America. We'll continue to do it in other geos over time and lower the cost structure there. So as these places where we made investments for the health of the future of the business come to fruition we'll start doing it. So in some ways looking at it by function, I know that's a convenient way for you, it's easier, in some ways it's chunkier because a lot of it is around initiatives whether it's creative finishing hardware, what we're doing there. But the bulk of it will come from redundant stuff we're doing as we're able to move more activity to the new models in both the business transition and the technology transition and invest less in the traditional things. And that's all I have to say on this subject, Brendan.
Brendan Barnicle: Well, thanks for helping us out.
Carl Bass: Okay.
Brendan Barnicle: At the Analyst Day you pointed out the -- I think it was like 40% of desktop subscribers were new to Autodesk. And I was wondering if you had any stats on kind of those net new customers that you've been picking up in the model transition.
Scott Herren: No, Brendan, we're not seeing any significant change in that yet. The one update that I would give and Carl actually had it referenced at least in his opening commentary, if you remember in that same set of slides that Steve Blum went through, he talked about percentage of our total desktop sales that are being driven by the channel and we showed what that trend had looked like over the last six quarters. And we did see that, and it kind of gets at the question earlier that Phil had about what we're seeing in the channel or Brent asked about the channel. We are seeing that continue to grow. So if you remember that slide we said at the end of Q2, 58% of our desktop subscription sales came through the channel and the quarter we just closed that was up about 2 to 3 more points. So it's the majority of our desktop sales now that are coming through channel partners and it's continuing to increase.
Brendan Barnicle: And are those channel partners generally bringing you net new Autodesk customers?
Scott Herren: It's a mix of both.
Brendan Barnicle: I thought maybe, kind of, its being your installed base.
Scott Herren: It also varies by product. Right? So -- you remember, we also went through for some of the cloud products, Fusion in particular, the statistic of new customers that that have product -- of all the customers they brought in, what percent are through. I'm I think it was north of 85% on Fusion. So it's less whether it's coming from the channel or is it just desktop. And it's more -- these products actually getting to increasing the TAM that Amar talked about and really getting to a new customer set. And there hasn't been any change from all the data that we just showed you about six weeks ago, but we are continuing to see a very positive trend of new customers coming in.
Carl Bass: Yes. I think we spent a lot of time on things like subscriptions, but let me just take a moment here and go through where these new customers are because I think sometimes we lose track that the health of the business is going to be about news new customers. And when you look at most of our cloud-based offerings, the first thing I'd say is that we're way ahead of the competition and the customers are coming along quickly. We might have been ahead of the customers slightly, but not for very long. And so when you look at things like BIM 360, these are either brand new customers to Autodesk or new parts of the company that had no use for our other kinds of tools. If you look at things like PLM 360, almost entirely these are new customers to Autodesk. Our new Internet of Things, the IoT product, is almost all new customers to Autodesk. And as Scott referenced and we’ve talked about repeatedly, Fusion is clearly one where we're winning market share from existing competitors. Those are all places that are bringing in new customers and I expect that trend to accelerate as we continue to kind of gain ground and the world moves towards more cloud based tools.
Brendan Barnicle: Carl, I totally agree, that's where we want to Focus. I'm wondering if there's any way we could get some sort of quarterly metric around that, just to reinforce that point, because I thought it was such a compelling one at the Analyst Day and certainly one we’d love to continue to hear more about.
Carl Bass: Brendan, I never should have gotten into that speech, should I. Yeah. Let us get back and figure out how we can best convey what we're doing. I think both, there’re two things, tell me if this would be helpful, is the number of units and something about the percentage of new customers.
Brendan Barnicle: That would be -- I think that would be very valuable, yeah.
Carl Bass: Okay. Thanks.
Brendan Barnicle: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question is from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities. Your line is open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thanks. Good evening. Carl, I'd like to ask a question that gets to both the cost structure of the company and the saleability of the products. At the Analyst Meeting you mentioned that one of your opportunities is dealing with the complexity of the portfolio. And so the question I'd like to ask is how are you thinking or planning around simplifying the portfolio, given the large number of SKUs that you have particularly in terms of suites, just as a matter of improving sales efficiency and cost versus on the other hand your need to maintain some kind of segmentation of the product line, particularly for the different verticals?
Carl Bass: Yeah, so this can -- it's a place where we've been spending a lot of time thinking and planning for it because you're absolutely right, complexity and particularly unintended complexity drives cost. And this is a huge opportunity for us to simplify and reduce the cost. It also makes for a better experience for our customers. And we think we can make our customers get more value and pay us more. And we've talked about this a lot with our enterprise customers. When we've given them a more flexible licensing mechanism, they use more software. They paid us more per year. And I would say at least anecdotally they're happier about it because they really understand where the use is. And I think in the last two Investor Days we’ve talked about that dynamic. The biggest thing in my mind we can do is extend that flexibility that we now have really only sold directly by us to our largest customers to the bulk of our customers in the part that's serviced by our traditional channel partners. And so we really want our mid-tier customers, the smaller, medium businesses to get that same kind of flexibility. You're absolutely, right, Jay, we need to make sure, handing all of our products is not particularly helpful, but also breaking it down into 10,000 SKUs is not helpful either. And so we're looking at kind of the minimal set that we need so they can pay an appropriate price and get a set of tools that they might need. In addition, what we're going to do is that, is layer in cloud services so that they can really pay on demand for the things they may or may not need. But it's really about that flexibility which is where we feel the way to simplify it and to make it a better experience for them and to make it more lucrative for us.
Scott Herren: And to the second part of your question there, if you're getting at are we still going to have a differentiation between AEC and manufacturing and M&E, that's clearly part of the thinking. Andrew was getting a little bit of this in his presentation at Investor Day of how do we simplify that, but continue to have something that is targeted and it makes sense for our user base in the various verticals. So we'll continue to maintain that at some level, but greatly simply the way we did it.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: So sooner or later, and hopefully sooner, you'll deploy what would be in effect a Creative cloud like sign-on for the SMB market with what you've been calling anyway today subscribe to Autodesk. You have to come up with a better name in that. But is that a fiscal 2017 objective still?
Carl Bass: So, first of all, Jay, we appreciate the suggestions that you've published. And we've rejected them all, first of all.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Thank you.
Carl Bass: But -- yeah, stick to your day job. But, so yes, it's an important thing for us to offer and we will be offering it. Whether it stays that name or not, stay tuned. But yeah, it really is that flexible offering. And remember, it's not only just simplifying and the cost structure, we also – and this is slightly more complicated, but the question has come up so what do you do about the 2.1 million users and do they move to desktop subscription. And I'll reiterate here there's 2.1 million customers have historically been our best customers. They still are our best customers today. We think the way to move them over, so that they get more value and pay more, is to move them to flexible license offerings at their discretion. And so we have a number of knobs and dials to do that. But what we really believe is the essence of it is having a more compelling offering and everything we've been shown to date is some combination of access to more desktop products and access to the cloud services is the thing that is compelling. So you'll hear more about it. We'll introduce it. At this point, I feel like we have enough moving parts in the model that we don't need to introduce a lot more, but you will hear more about it during the year.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Lastly if I may, in the future of Autodesk land, once the model gets steady state and so forth, what do you think would the role of your rebate promotions, PLOs and so forth will be? Do you think you'll have to employ those kinds of levers as often as you've done in the past under the old model?
Carl Bass: So I have a point of view. It is not widely shared by my executive management team. Yeah, I feel like promotions are important for one reason, and that is to create a compelling event for people to choose to buy. For the most part, us as well as our competitors, we sell on the value of the offerings, the quality of the offerings, the suitability of the offerings, the completeness of the offerings is what makes people buy it. When they buy is influenced by everybody likes a deal. That if you look around the world, the number of companies who never sell with a discount is tiny in the technology business it might be nonexistent with the exception of Apple. So I see this being a way to control the timing but of course in the -- you want to minimize this as much as possible and only do it so you can create compelling events. We have a disciplined approach to promotions. They're centrally controlled. We're trying to influence behaviour. We're trying to influence behaviour not only of our customers but of our partners. And so I think it is one of the tools we have. I would be reluctant to give it up. So you need to use it judiciously. There's an art to using it. And I think the more dogmatic point of view in which there's never a promotion and you only sell at list price doesn't fit reality and I think it takes one of the valuable tools out of your hand.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Okay, thank you.
Carl Bass: You're welcome, Jay.
Operator: Thank you. At this time I'd like to turn the call over to David Gennarelli for any closing comments.
David Gennarelli: Thanks, operator. Well, that concludes our call today. We also have our Autodesk University event coming up on December 1st. If you'd like to attend that and you're not signed up yet, please e-mail or call me. We'll also be at the Credit Suisse Conference on December 2nd and the Barclays Conference on December 9th. You can reach me at 415-507-6033. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes your program. You may now disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2016 Q2  (2015-08-28 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Gennarelli - Senior Director-Investor Relations Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Brent John Thill - UBS Securities LLC Philip A. Winslow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Heather Anne Bellini - Goldman Sachs & Co. Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc. Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC Keith Eric Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Richard Hugh Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Autodesk Q2 Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would like to introduce your host for today's call, Mr. David Gennarelli, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
David Gennarelli - Senior Director-Investor Relations: Thanks, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our second quarter of FY 2016. Also on the line is Carl Bass, our CEO; and Scott Herren, our CFO. Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investors. As noted in our press release, we have published our prepared remarks on our website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments, and we will not repeat them on this call. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the anticipated future performance of the company, such as our guidance for the third quarter and full year FY 2016, our long-term financial model guidance, the factors we used to estimate our guidance, including currency headwinds, our transition to new business models, our market opportunities and strategies, and trends for various products, geographies and industries. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment, based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time-to-time with the SEC, specifically our Form 10-K for fiscal year 2015, our Form 10-Q for the period ended April 30, 2015, and our current reports on Form 8-K, including the Form 8-K filed with today's press release and prepared remarks. Those documents contain and identify important risk factors and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented on the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today's call, but will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today's press release, prepared remarks, and on the Investor Relations section of our website. We will quote a number of numeric or growth changes as we discuss our financial performance. And unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Carl.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. We continue to be pleased with the progress of our business model transition. Strong billings, deferred revenue growth and recurring revenue growth were highlights in the second quarter. 55% of the second quarter revenue was recurring compared to just 44% in Q2 last year. What's more, our ARR, or annualized recurring revenue, increased 23% year-on-year in constant currency. That's real progress on the business model transition ahead of what will be the bigger transition period when we discontinue selling new perpetual licenses. We'll talk more about ARR and its importance at our Investor Day event next month. We're also pleased with the growth of new model subscription types. They continue to show strong year-over-year and sequential growth. Subscription additions in Q2 were led by desktop subscriptions, again comprising more than half of our total subscription adds for the quarter. Since we launched desktop subscriptions last year, we've seen a steady increase in volume and an increase in the percentage of annual contracts, which is now approximately 80%. As expected, AutoCAD LT continues to lead all desktop subscription products, which is important because LT has historically been our highest volume product and represents the biggest opportunity to convert non-subscribing LT customers. Our channel partners have also been steadily increasing their desktop subscription business. In Q2 last year, approximately 40% of our desktop subs came through our channel partners, and that has increased to approximately 60% this past quarter. Total maintenance subscription additions for the quarter were lower than expected. Despite strong attach and renewal rates, we no longer offer upgrades for non-subscribing customers and we simply had fewer opportunities to attach a maintenance subscription. Our focus for the rest of the year will continue to be on converting non-subscribers to subscribers. One area that helped drive billings, but was neutral to the subscription count, was an uptick in multi-year maintenance subscriptions. We removed the discount for multi-year maintenance subscription and that prompted a surge of activity. The upside for Autodesk is securing the relationship with the customer for multiple years and collecting the cash up front. We're quickly approaching the end of this fiscal year when we stop selling new perpetual licenses for stand-alone products. We started the process in Q2 when we stopped selling new perpetual licenses for AutoCAD LT in Australia and New Zealand. The results were very much in line with our expectations. We experienced a surge of buying perpetual LT licenses prior to the cut-off date. Combined seat volume in perpetual LT and desktop subscription LT grew on a year-over-year basis. This is clearly a positive data point as we look ahead to the end of sale of perpetual licenses for most individual products at year end. Looking at the AEC industry, BIM adoption continues to fuel our business in addition to the general strength of the commercial construction market. We're excited about our cloud-based products like BIM 360 and the recently introduced A360 Collaboration for Revit, which connects building project teams with centralized access to BIM project data in the cloud. This new product had a great win in Q2 where it displaced a competitor on a major U.S. airport project. On the structural engineering side, our new offering, Advance Steel, gained momentum with numerous competitor displacements in the quarter. Looking at our manufacturing business, our automotive solutions continue to lead the way. We can count almost every car company in the world as a customer. There is broad use of products from conceptual design, all the way through manufacturing, and we've seen substantial expansion of the use of our products throughout the auto industry. And we're really encouraged by what we're seeing with the adoption of Fusion 360, the first cloud-based 3D CAD system. Fusion 360 connects the entire product development process where users can design, test and fabricate in a single cloud-based tool. Usage is growing quickly and we're delighted to see that the majority of our customers are switching from legacy desktop systems, such as SolidWorks. We'll talk more on how engineering software is moving from the desktop to the cloud at our upcoming Investor Meeting. Our simulation portfolio experienced strong growth in the second quarter with new business centered in automotive, industrial machinery and consumer products. Simulation provides key insights for our customers to design and manufacture better products. We also saw continued investment from large automotive supply chain customers investing in solutions for advanced materials. Our new NASTRAN-based solutions had wins in many new and existing accounts. From a geographic standpoint, it continues to be an uneven environment. Strength in the U.S. is being tempered by continued weakness in Japan. Japan impacts both our APAC revenue as well as our PSEB revenue line, as Japan has historically been a significant market for LT. We also saw weakness in most of the emerging economies and despite recent news to the contrary, we saw strength in China last quarter. Following my comments last quarter, others in the industry have been talking about their approach to the Internet of Things. We believe that capitalizing on this opportunity will require more than applying yesterday's technology. To bolster our efforts in this area, today we announced an agreement to acquire SeeControl, the innovative developer of an enterprise IoT cloud-based platform. The SeeControl service helps manufacturers and system integrators to net analyze control and manage things remotely. Just as we have changed the CAD, CAM and PLM markets with cloud-based products, we are doing the same with Internet of Things, enabling our customers to easily incorporate IoT capabilities into their projects. This is an exciting area, and we are looking forward to developing it. Now let me get back to the business model transition. I'll reiterate that this transition is not just about moving to a subscription model. We are transforming our business and the products that our customers use. The cloud is enabling our customers to think differently about how they approach design, simulation, production and collaboration. I'll also repeat once again that our business model transition will not be perfectly linear, and the amount of business that we transition, the number of subscription additions and the mix of subscriptions issued will fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year. Our transition will not look identical to some of the other high profile software company transitions for many reasons, including a significant difference in our customers' price points, competitive position, our channel, and the fact that we already had a maintenance subscription business that represented approximately 40% of our revenue before we started that transition. We've made good progress in the transition to-date, and we are now ready to accelerate the process. We'll start by ending sales of perpetual licenses of AutoCAD LT in APAC with the exception of Japan at the end of this quarter. Next week we'll announce the date for when we'll stop selling new perpetual licenses for suites, but I'll say that we are accelerating our plans that substantially move up that date. At our Investor Day event on September 29, we'll provide you with our updated view of our model transition and our enthusiasm about the steady state. In the meantime, new disclosures that we made today around ARR, the percent of recurring revenue and the change in the end of sale stage for perpetual licenses illustrate the progress we've made so far and our plans to capitalize on and accelerate this early success. As we look at the second half of FY 2016, we remain confident in our billings and subscriptions outlook. We've updated our revenue outlook based on a greater than expected portion of our sales shifting from perpetual licenses to new subscription types which are deferred and recognized ratably. FX headwinds remain persistent, but they haven't gotten much worse than the first half of the year. We continue to believe that FY 2016 will be more back-end loaded than usual given the deadline for end of sale for new perpetual individual product offerings. To wrap things up, our strong conviction in the model transition is supported by our results. Undergoing this transition will provide our customers with greater flexibility and a better user experience, while creating a more predictable recurring and profitable business for Autodesk in the years to come. Operator, we'd now like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Brent Thill of UBS. Your line is open.
Brent John Thill - UBS Securities LLC: Thanks. Carl, I just wanted to clarify a comment you made that the lowering of revenues really related to the business model transition, not a material change in the actual core operations or traction you're seeing with your solutions in the market?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, so, Brent, yes, let me try to be as clear as possible, and, Scott, feel free to jump in. It is really just a transition from – so no change in volume in business. This is really about how we're going to recognize the revenue that comes in. And what we saw in this quarter and we're projecting and in some cases programmatically accelerating is that more of the revenue is going to move to ratable, which is just arithmetic, to get to the fact that revenues are lower, even though there's no change in the fundamental business.
Brent John Thill - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And just to your comment on Japan. It's been an issue for many vendors, but there's also another issue which I think Adobe has highlighted, that Japan really hasn't made the move to cloud. And I'm curious, as you move the transition to more subscription in cloud, how do you think that market reacts as you start to remove the core? It seems like that may pronounce the weakness there for a little bit longer than perhaps than we think. I'm curious if you could just provide any comments on how you think that will play out?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, sure, Brent. First of all, I think it is true that as we've seen over the years in adopting new technology and business models, Japan has never been the leader, and I don't expect that to change. I mean, one of the ways that we're doing this transition that does give our Japanese customers a way to change is people who have perpetual licenses and maintenance can continue to stay that way. So we will have avenues for people to continue buying that way, and so for the majority of customers, it will change, but they can control it to some degree. The second thing that's interesting is what I'm seeing which is more anecdotal at this point; there is a split in the Japanese market. So on many of the new things we're doing, so like these new products like Fusion, which is a cloud-based CAD product, we're having dramatically better results in Japan. We're just releasing a Japanese version of the product because it's been so successful, and that kind of runs counter to what we're seeing in the mainstream. So I wouldn't say that this enthusiasm for the cloud trumps what will be traditional customers' way, but there is a new generation that is looking at doing things differently, and there's definitely at least an undercurrent in Japan of that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Philip Winslow of Credit Suisse. Your line is open.
Philip A. Winslow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi. Thanks, guys, and I appreciate you taking my question. I just had a question on the subscriber mix that you saw this quarter. If I just compare the press releases over the past couple of quarters here, in Q4 you talked about the majority of the subscriber additions being maintenance subscriptions. In Q1, you said half were traditional maintenance, half were new type. And then this quarter, you talked about the majority of subscriptions being the new subscription types. Just wondering what trend you're seeing there? And also, maybe help us think through just the ARPU of sort of a traditional maintenance sub versus the subscription subs? Thanks.
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure, Phil. As we look at the trend on the subscriber adds we saw in Q1, the previous quarter, for the first time, roughly a balance between the net subscriber adds that were coming in from maintenance versus those coming in from the new model. And in the quarter, we disclosed they continued to be strong. So the new model sub adds that are – they're just two big elements inside our subscription adds, new model and maintenance. The new model sub adds continue to be strong, both year-on-year and sequentially. When you look at the maintenance adds for the last quarter, they actually come in two pieces, too. Renewals, so existing maintenance and then new maintenance sold attached to new perpetual license sales. Renewal rates stayed strong and then on the new sales the attach rates stayed strong. What we're seeing, though, that a little bit of downward pressure on the new maintenance adds is really a different pattern this year versus what we saw last year. Last year when we announced the end of sale of upgrades we saw a pretty linear path of customers buying those upgrades throughout Q2, Q3 and Q4, about the same each quarter. What we're seeing this year is the customers that are going to buy perpetual license at the end of the sale are more back-end loaded. We saw this with the test that we ran in ANZ where it was closer to the end of the actual end of sale in Australia and New Zealand that, that buying activity took place. And we've said all along we think this is going to be a back-end loaded year because of that and that's really the trend that we're seeing inside the subscriber adds.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Then talk about the difference in...
Philip A. Winslow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): In ARPU?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes. When you look at ARPU, of course, the overall blended ARPU of those two types is quite different. And even within each type it's very sensitive to whether you're talking a desktop subscription for LT versus a desktop subscription to PrDS. So it's blended to such a level that it's hard to glean a lot of intelligence at the summary level. But when you look between just the average price of a desktop versus the average price of maintenance, a good example would be AutoCAD and an annual maintenance there sells for between 15% and 20% of the SRP of the new license versus a desktop license for a year would sell at about 40%. So, using that as an example, it's roughly half.
Philip A. Winslow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it. So in other words you did a higher mix of your higher ARPU subscribers as far as the new adds this quarter?
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes. That's correct.
Philip A. Winslow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it. Cool. Thanks, guys.
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird. Your line is open.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Oh, terrific. I wonder if you could go back through, you talked about the growth in long-term deferred revenue and you had talked about seeing some long-term contracts with maintenance and something about some dynamic around the renewal of maintenance. Can you just walk us through what drove that growth in long-term deferred revenue on maintenance?
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes, sure. Carl mentioned in his opening commentary, we had a strong quarter for multi-year maintenance sales. And so you know what drops in the long-term is anything that's deferred beyond 12 months, and when you sell multi-year there's a bigger component to that than normal. So that's what's driving a bit of an outsized growth. The deferred revenue in total was quite strong, up about $80 million sequentially quarter-on-quarter, driven by what we just said, the higher mix of our sales coming in ratable models versus up front. And then within those ratable models most of your maintenance was strong. And so that dropped an element in the long-term versus current.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And, Steve, what really drove it was we offered a discount for people who were paying up front for multiple years before we announced the elimination of that discount, and so people wanted to get in on it, at least some of it, before that offer expired. So it drove a little bit of business.
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sort of a bump in multi-year.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. It just drove multi-year. It didn't drive subscriber count and had no effect on revenue essentially.
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Well, that's the other interesting point is that when you add a multi-year, it's still just one subscriber, so it boosts the billings line, it doesn't necessarily bump the subscriber line.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Okay. And then I was going to ask about the desktop subscription traction you're getting in the channel. What percentage of that is LT? I mean roughly, I'm not looking for a number.
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes. It's the largest individual piece.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. And it matches the product mix. I mean the one thing I would say about adoption of desktop subscription, just to step back a little bit, is I won't particularly say any industry or product line is any more inclined to do it or not. It seems like our customers are endorsing the move to the new model, and it's pretty consistent across the board.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): All right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Heather Bellini of Goldman Sachs. Your line is open.
Heather Anne Bellini - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. I had two questions, if you don't mind. The first one, I'm just I guess trying to reconcile again the comments about the transition kind of accelerating with subscription adds showing up of only 61,000 in the quarter. I mean, I know we don't have a ton of history with that, but I'm just trying to reconcile that comment, if you could give some color there? And then secondarily, I noticed obviously you guys started giving out annualized recurring revenue. And I know that the definition of that is in the glossary, but the 55% that you're showing, the recurring revenue in the table that you have, if we just take subscription revenue I think and divide it by your total revenue, that's about 52% I think of revenue. So is that ARR if we were to try and translate that into numbers? Is that about, I don't know, $18 million or $20 million higher than what your subscription revenue line is showing? I'm just trying to get a sense of what you want us to do with that number besides look at a percentage that's growing. And I want to make sure I'm translating it into dollars appropriately. Thank you.
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure, Heather, sure. On your second point, the reason we start to give that out is as we go through the transition and we're in this somewhat hybrid state where we're selling both new model types and perpetual license types, obviously the faster we make the transition, the more people that buy the new model types, the faster recurring revenue, both on an annualized basis and in any given quarter will trend. And so that's the point of providing that and we'll spend more time talking about this...
Heather Anne Bellini - Goldman Sachs & Co.: No, no. I know why you're providing it. It's not about why you're providing it. How are we supposed to interpret the 55%? Is that annualized recurring revenue, the 55% you're pointing to, I'm just trying to confirm, is it 55% of the $613 million that you reported, which compares to your subscription revenue, which is about 52% I think off the top of my head of the total? I mean, I'm just trying to get behind the number because...
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure.
Heather Anne Bellini - Goldman Sachs & Co.: ...you're not giving us the dollar amount; you're giving us a percentage. I want to make sure I'm thinking about the percentage the right way.
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: You are. It's actually 55% of the $610 million that we reported, but that's right. You're thinking about it...
Heather Anne Bellini - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Yes. Okay. Perfect. Okay. And then to the first question?
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes. On your first question, the – I'm sorry, do you want to...
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. Go ahead, Scott.
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So, the acceleration that we're talking about again is the acceleration of the transition. And so what you see within the subscriber adds is both new model adds and old model adds, if you want to think of maintenance that way. The new model adds continue to accelerate and so the growth right there both year-on-year is huge. Even it's strong sequentially for the new model adds. And that's why you see us taking actions like going to end of sale in LT in APAC at the end of this quarter everywhere except Japan and we'll announce next week when we hit end of sale for perpetual on suites. So that's the acceleration and that's what is showing up in the subscriber adds.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And the one other comment that we put in there that may have been slightly too obtuse was this idea that what we're seeing with these end of sales is that people are not buying – they're not taking advantage of it until late in the promotion. And so for example, the opportunity on some of these things to attach maintenance to, they're not availing themselves of it. And so I think we will see some unevenness in these numbers on both the maintenance, old maintenance and new subscription as we go through the next two quarters and into next year before we terminate the program. So there'll be a little bit of volatility there and it's behavior that we're at this point really not that good at predicting. We've never gone through this transition of doing the end of sale of either the individual licenses or the suites. So it's a one-time phenomenon. I think all of us will be slightly imperfect at predicting that.
Heather Anne Bellini - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Griffin Securities. Your line is open.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Hi and thank you. Carl, with respect to the termination of the suites, just to be sure we understand what you're saying, you are moving it up from the end of fiscal 2017 as previously planned and so in effect, you've decided to have a rip the BAND-AID moment off, the way Adobe decided to do three years ago. They originally started with a longer transition period in mind and then of course they went to do it much more quickly. So you are in effect doing something similar now. Is that what you mean to do next week?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. I mean, so in essence, you're right. I'm not sure we've ever exactly announced what it was, but I think we certainly intimated it clearly enough. And yes, I think what we saw, we wanted to make sure that both our customers and our channel partners were ready for this transition, and we started out with a model of this that enabled us to take longer to do it than folks like Adobe did. And what we've seen is a willingness, a huge willingness on the part of our customers to use this new model. In many ways, it's much more favorable for them. And then secondly our channel partners, which we told you were always very vulnerable if we did the rip the BAND-AID off in the beginning, are successfully transitioning their businesses and their customers through this. And so just like many of you, and I can't tell you how many of you have told me, why don't you rip off the BAND-AID? Yes, we're going to have a rip the BAND-AID off moment, and we'll give you the details on it next week and then we can certainly talk about it a month from now when we all get together. But that was exactly what it was about, and in many ways, this is really beneficial for us. It is non-trivial to run the two things simultaneously. Also we've just in terms of reporting financially, it makes some of the results somewhat confounding. Just, how does this go up and not this go up? And all this does is it accelerates that transition for customers, resellers and certainly for the financial community. And so earlier next year than we had previously planned, we come out of that and start seeing also the economic benefits of that as well.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: You've alluded now a couple of times to the readiness of the channel. To the extent that you do accelerate the business model transition, would you necessarily accelerate the change in the channel model itself, in other words the agency or fee model that we've talked about a number of times? Would the two necessarily go hand-in-hand, as you've also alluded to in the past?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, I mean as you know we are constantly adjusting the channel model. At the very least, it's an annual phenomenon around here. And much of it is kind of carefully planned with the other programs that are in place and in consultation with our partners. And so we've worked really closely with them and many of the things that we think were appropriate for the beginning of the transition we've put in place and we've talked about them before, and as we get towards the end of the transition, we'll move through to those things that we said were coming. So I think every part of it has to move together to make sense. And so with the acceleration of the announcement of the end of sale, along with it go channel programs and incentives and a number of other things.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: All right. If I could maybe just squeeze one more in, you alluded to focusing on...
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Well, who would stop you, Jay?
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Maybe Scott.
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No, go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Thanks. So you alluded, Carl, that in the second half you would focus on unattached or non-maintenance paying customers. Setting LT aside, are you referring specifically to the upgraded but not attached base that was part of the 2.9 million, that famous number from the Analyst Meeting last year?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, yes. The famous 2.9 million.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Right. But...
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: That's exactly it.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Okay. But of that, 1.3 million was upgraded, not attached, not counting LT. So that's the number you're going to be converting?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Okay.
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Well both, Jay. I mean, we'll focus on that LT base as well, right? So the goal will be to, in addition to acquiring new customers with the new models, which we're doing nicely, will be to progressively go after that legacy base, LT and non-LT.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And one of the things that has been a very pleasing upside is just because of the price points and the difference in characteristics amongst our LT customers, we were more anxious about them and the new model transition, and if anything, the adoption there has been as strong as in any other part of the portfolio. And I think we mentioned the one place that we're nervous, which is Japan, which is certainly meaningful in terms of LT, but when you look at, for example, the other industrialized countries, Western Europe, United States, we just don't see much difference there. And fortunately, that simplifies the programs and allows us to do more things holistically. And yes, in a way that makes sense and is easier to communicate to everybody. So we're just going to continue to do that and we're really pleased to see the LT customers coming along.
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes, and the upside there, of course, is LT had the lowest attach rate previously. When we sold our perpetual, it had the lowest attach rate of maintenance, and so seeing that LT customer set move to desktop gives us a chance to bring them along with us and to pull them in as subscribers.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: And your next question comes from Gregg Moskowitz of Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much, and good afternoon, guys. So you had a pretty big uptick, actually a very big uptick in subscription billings, up 52% year-over-year but I was hoping, Scott, that you could parse this a little more for us. Can you tell us how much of this growth roughly came from greater end market customer acceptance of your subscription program as opposed to a lengthening in terms just by virtue of the increase in multi-year subs that you referenced?
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes. It was both but, of course, the size of our maintenance base is so much bigger, just the base that we've built up over the last 10 years. The number from a pure number standpoint it overwhelms, but we saw strong growth both – crazy growth year-on-year in the new models but strong growth sequentially. But multi-year maintenance also drove a big chunk of that subscriber billings upside and that's just a function of the size of that install base moving.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thanks. And then maybe just one for Carl; if you could sort of talk about what you're seeing in terms of activity levels on your eStore, and just when do you expect that eStore could become material for you guys? Thanks.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. I mean, the eStore at this point is becoming material. I mean, we're getting to the point we'll start reporting, maybe we'll start giving you some insight into it, but it is becoming a sizable portion of the business. And I'd say one way to think about it is there's our eStore, but there's just electronic distribution and sales that includes many partners all the way from folks like CDW, Dell and Amazon all the way to our traditional partners doing online distribution. So electronic sales and distribution is becoming more important. Our eStore, we continue to sell it at this price. So it is a reference marker out there but many people just buy for convenience through there and it's growing substantially. And so quite a good point to take away is we're preparing for Investor Day and talk a little bit more about the electronic channel. But they're clearly the wave of the future and in particular, as we look at many of our new products, many of them are almost exclusively through the electronic channels or at least starting out more even with our traditional channels.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Walter Pritchard of Citi. Your line is open.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks. Scott, I wonder if you could talk about the rental uptick you're seeing and how that may differ or not in manufacturing vertical versus the AEC space?
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Walter, we're not seeing a big – Carl touched on this earlier. We're not seeing a big difference in the uptake rate either by product or by industry vertical at this point. I mean, I guess if you look at it by geo, you might see a slightly slower uptake of the new model types in Japan. But holding that aside, we really are seeing a pretty consistent uptake in the new – the desktop subscription model, which is the rental model, across product lines and across segments.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got it. And then, Carl, you're buying this, the company on the Internet of Things side and it just seems if I put myself in your place, you guys have quite a bit going on. I guess how do you avoid getting distracted here with a big business model transition and you're now entering a new market, it seems like that could be a risk.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, I mean, well, one of things I'll say, we do acquisitions all the time, kind of routinely. But if you want to step back for a minute and just look at Autodesk in general, there are two big things we're doing. The first one is the business model transition. We've spent a lot of time in the prepared remarks as well as already on the Q&A talking about lots of that and I'm sure we will continue for the next number of months. What sometimes gets lost with all the conversation about that is that we were probably in the biggest transformation in the engineering and design software space we've ever seen, so as big as mainframe to workstation or workstation to PC, the shift of engineering software moving to the cloud is as big and more inevitable than any of those other transitions. And the alternative to doing acquisitions like SeeControl is to miss out on big parts of the market and we just look and say, well we want to come out of this as not only a more sustainable, less volatile model on the business we have today, we wholly expect to be the leaders in cloud computing for engineering and design and one of the ways to do that is to continue to develop stuff internally, the other is through acquisitions, and whether it's stuff we're doing with PLM 360 or BIM 360 or what we'll do with the Internet of Things, on that side, we think that's really important. And I would at least urge you to look at both the lack of competitive movement there. Most of our competitors don't think the cloud is that important for their customers. They're making halfhearted to nonexistent attempts to do anything about it. It's a bury your head in the sand kind of strategy. So when you look at it, they are, particularly in legacy business, whether in PLM or anything else. So we've let these things like the Internet of Things or moving CAD or PLM or CAM to it as being a critical part of what Autodesk looks like a handful of years from now.
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes, and, Walter, the other think I would just add to that, because your question was about distraction, I don't see Internet of Things as a net new segment for us. It fits very much hand-in-glove with where we're headed in manufacturing, and where we're headed in AEC. So it's more of an adjunctive to a couple of pretty strategic segments we are already in, than it is something that's net new that we're adding to the plate that we now have to build entirely different structures for.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. I think some others in the market have positioned it as a new segment. I think Scott is absolutely right, and if you just break it down a little bit, I don't know anyone building commercial buildings nowadays who are not thinking about instrumenting and monitoring their buildings to improve the efficiency of running their operations. And whether that's a commercial real estate or industrial space such as a factory, or a power plant, everybody is doing it. I think very few people are designing new products that aren't number one, enhanced by Internet of Things technology. And I think most everybody is trying to collect data and analyze it so they can build better products for the future. And so this is really kind of the foundation of technology to get that started, and we certainly have more work to build into a business. But I think it dovetails exactly with our existing businesses.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Great. Thank you.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Anil Doradla of William Blair. Your line is open.
Unknown Speaker: Hi. This is Maggie Nolan (38:56) in for Anil. My first question is on the new incentives. You mentioned that there had been a discount for customers buying subscriptions up front. And I'm wondering are there any other incentives that you will be rolling out to help accelerate the transition to the subscription base and how you hope to achieve that subscription that we'll need to see in the second half, given that that's where your guidance has remained consistent?
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes. So, let me just be clear on this one. So the first one was, what we were trying out on the subscriptions was the renewal – was the removal of a promotion. And people buying ahead of that removal.
Unknown Speaker: Okay.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And so that was just the discounts going away, and people just saying I want to buy now and pay less. What I think you will see going forward is we will continue to promote the move to desktop subscriptions. We'll talk a little bit more about it next week and beyond that and I think if anything, the bias right now, is to accelerate that and promote it more. Having seen the success we saw was to kind of double-down on that and encourage people to move more quickly. I think it serves all of us well to do that.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Makes sense. And then my second question was you mentioned that China wasn't much of a headwind in the second quarter. I'm hoping you can give a little more color around your view on that going forward? And what kind of limited that headwind in the second quarter?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I wish I could. That is one of the confounding things amongst many. Yes, there are certain places in which the economic reports coincide nearly perfectly. We're seeing really strong business in the U.S. and all the economic reports out of the U.S. including the one this morning continue to be strong. And it actually lines up with everybody's kind of impressions. You walk around major cities and there are cranes everywhere, the job market is tight, unemployment is low. China always on the reporting side is a little bit of a trickier place to actually understand and I don't really understand to what degree and the flip side of that is Japan is where there's definitely some dissonance between our results and the overall economic one. We're digging into it a little bit more to understand. I'd say at this point we have an imperfect understanding and just for everyone, I mean, we spend a little bit of time trying to understand it. But in some of these things, when it goes beyond what's actionable and what we would do differently as a result of understanding it, it starts being diminishing returns for us to play macroeconomists.
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes, Maggie (41:41), maybe the better way to think about China is to step back and say what drove that growth in the quarter, and it's obviously China is a very active construction market. I've been there, as Carl said, you see cranes everywhere. BIM is actually taking off in China. You look at major projects like the new Shanghai Tower and it's being built with BIM start to finish. So that's what's fueling the growth. I think the second part of your question what to expect given the events of the last five days or six days, that's the one where it's kind of a, who knows, at this point.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. Some of our theories include things like the government has been putting a lot of money into infrastructure projects and some of their injection into the economy are things that generally benefit our kinds of customers but that's a little bit of speculation on our part. But it is possible and once again, it's one quarter data point now that we're kind of lined up we'll see going forward what we see in the next quarter.
Unknown Speaker: Sure. Great. That helps. Thanks for taking my questions.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. You're welcome.
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sterling Auty of JPMorgan. Your line is open.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes. Thanks. Hi, guys. I've gotten a few emails from investors. There's a lot of terms being floated around during the call and I think there's some confusion. Can you clarify for investors when you talk about the new model, how much of that are you talking about in terms of pure product subscription versus maintenance versus anything else. Just clarify the term for some of the investors.
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure, Sterling, and we started talking about this last quarter as well. And when I say new model I'm thinking of certainly desktop, cloud and our enterprise business agreements. So everything that is ratable and subscription based is what I would drop into the new model. And then if you look at what's not there, obviously the biggest chunk is our maintenance business that's tied to our perpetual licenses, and then there's some smaller consulting and some smaller CFIN and some other bits. But think of new model as desktop, cloud and EBA, largely.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. And the other big topic for last couple of weeks from investors is, Carl, go back to that Analyst Day when you talked about the 12% billings CAGR, 20% uplift in customer value, 50% increase in subscriber, especially that 12% CAGR in billings has been the one that's been on investors' minds. Can you either comment tonight or at least give us some idea if you're going to talk about how that actually shapes out under the new accelerated transition when we get to Analyst Day?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, I think probably the best thing to do is to tell you that we will talk about it at the Investor Day, and what we will do is we will update the financial model and our understanding of how the transition continues. And so we'll show you lots of detail about that and hopefully remove some of the confusion that exists about how we go about it. And what we did a little bit as a preview is to start pointing at some of the metrics that we think are more appropriate to understand the transition. We told you at the time, some of these were our best guess and mapped most easily to the history before it, and we said as we learned more about it and understood it better and would better pinpoint the things that we're looking at. And I think we did that today and we'll do more of it at the upcoming Investor Day.
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes, Sterling, your notes have actually touched on a lot of the key dynamics in that transition as we move from a hybrid cloud model to one that is much more pure subscription model.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: No, I appreciate that. Last quick one, as you look at the last two quarters and the subscribers, is there anything in terms of seasonality or dynamics that would change one quarter versus the other in terms of total number of subscribers that we might expect or the mix in terms of those that are pure product subscription or desktop subscription customers?
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes, I think obviously that the big effect that we'll see on total subscriber adds in the second half will be the attach rate, which we've said our attach rate of maintenance has grown materially over the last four quarters. It continues to be strong, and so as we see that end of sale of perpetual licenses at the end of Q4, a lot of those perpetual licenses with our current attach rate, that will drive a significant uptick in subscribers in Q4. For the new model types, they continue to grow – we're not seeing any seasonality in the new model types yet. They're growing year-on-year and they're growing sequentially at this point.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, I think we'll begin to understand seasonality in them later, but right now, they're so overwhelmingly affected by our promotions and the timing of announcement like end of sales that I would say that's certainly the first order effect and any seasonality is the second order one that won't get sorted out till later.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Keith Weiss of Morgan Stanley. Your line is open.
Keith Eric Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Excellent. Thank you, guys, for taking the question. Maybe just dig in on that subscriber count a little bit. Last year you guys saw a big seasonality into the second half of the year as upgrades went out, I think it was up like 36% from the first half into the second half. This year to get to the midpoint of your guidance you're looking for an even bigger seasonality and it seems like the answer of sort of how you get that bigger seasonality is the expiration of perpetual licenses on a significant part of your product portfolio. So it's a two-part question, like, one, is that the right view, that is sort of primarily what you see, sort of a bolus of (47:35) subscribers into the back half? And two, maybe a little bit more philosophical, how do we understand sort of the true level of underlying demand when the past two years have been heavily influenced by these expirations? Or how do you guys get confidence into the level of underlying demand?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So the answer to your first question is yes. You're fundamentally thinking about it correctly, and we do expect it to be much more back-end loaded because of the size and the importance of the products that will no longer be sold beyond the end of the year.
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes. But just for a bit of an order of magnitude on that, we talked about it being roughly half of our new model types. So not maintenance attached to perpetual, the new stuff, being roughly half of Q1 and better than half of our Q2 sub adds. So you can start to get a sense of it's not a new material – it's not a huge revenue driver at this point, in terms of our subscriber adds, it is a pretty significant chunk of our subscriber adds; the new model types. But yes, fundamentally what will drive the significant uptick in the second half is the end of sale of perpetual at the end of Q4.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And then secondarily, just on the more philosophical, what we keep on emphasizing and we'll give you more insight to in a month, is that the business level remains where we expected it. The big difference is the way people are choosing to buy the products. It's not about the underlying business demand. It is fundamentally about the way they choose and, therefore, with the way they choose the way we account for that. And that's why we as well as you I'm sure are looking forward to when it all becomes back to a single model. We told you at the very beginning of this that the hardest part was going to be running a hybrid model where you have two, because goodness in one model looks like badness in the other and vice versa. They just eat away at each other and so getting back to a more holistic single model will be good, and that's back to Jay's comment about ripping off the BAND-AID. What we said, and we'll give details next week, is we're going to do that sooner than we were otherwise planning on doing.
Keith Eric Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Got it. On the SeeControl acquisition, I think Walter was talking about the potential for distraction coming from SeeControl. I think the other risk that investors see is OpEx growth coming from it. The longer-term target is assumed there'll be relatively muted OpEx growth over the next couple of years. Is SeeControl or acquisitions of this type, is that putting that let's call it mid-single digit OpEx growth profile for the next couple of years, does that put it at risk, by any sense?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Not at all. The acquisitions like SeeControl and the others are all within the same envelope. When we gave that guidance, and as we move through it, we're consistent to that. We presumed it in the beginning even though we didn't know which acquisitions, and as we consider them internally, they are all within that. And you saw the OpEx growth this quarter that kind of – I mean it's right in line with everything that we told you would be the OpEx growth, and so no. These acquisitions are not at all – and as we've said before, both the small and this one getting to a medium size, wouldn't do that. The only exception I would ever say is if there happened to be a large one, I'm not saying there is one. We are not contemplating it any time. But as you know, large acquisitions and the costs they bring in the first year would affect that. But that is not in the plans and we're holding true to the mid-single digits OpEx growth.
Keith Eric Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And then one last one from me, just in terms of free cash flow growth; you guys had talked about free cash flow growth being in line with billings growth. Mix shift has taken the revenues down a little bit, but I wouldn't expect that – that should not probably impact, since billings expectations stay the same, that billings and free cash flow model should stay roughly aligned?
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes, that's right. I mean the top line of – so free cash flow the way I would define it, is cash flow from ops minus CapEx. There's no significant changes coming in CapEx. The top line of the cash flow from ops is net income, and that will flow off of billings.
Keith Eric Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Excellent. Thank you, guys.
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Koenig of Wedbush. Your line is open.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Hi, gentlemen. Thanks for taking my question.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Just focused on the new model subscriptions here. I'm trying to rationalize some of the commentary with what we heard from the checks in which the desktop subscriptions, that promotion didn't seem to be doing nearly as well as the license plus extended maintenance promotion. And I'm wondering if the – you know, the success that you're having in the new model adds, could it be that given the lower ARPUs for the cloud products, is that helping significantly? And then maybe one follow-up on that as well.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, no, it's not about the cloud subscription. This is really comparing maintenance subscriptions to desktop subscriptions. I don't know how to answer the resolving it with the channel checks...
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Yes.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: ...that's always been a riddle beyond my pay grade. But no, don't think of it as something else and there's something not to understand. This is exactly people moving to desktop subscription for the kinds of products you imagine.
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes, that's exactly right. And the checks are – I think everyone knows this, but it's very difficult to extrapolate from a small subset to worldwide growth...
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: ...and it's just always subject to variability.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I mean, just from your point of view, because of our interactions with the channel is different, we're always somewhere between bewildered and bemused at reading the notes on channel.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Sure. Sure.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And sometimes they're strikingly accurate and uncannily so and other days we're like did they talk to someone who had a bad day. And so we can tell you what we know about it but I mean, just to be very clear about that think of that as maintenance versus desktop subscriptions.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. So that's helpful. I guess for the follow-up kind of related, so it's not fair to ask you what's different about my checks, but I guess maybe going back to the mix, maybe the mix of people selling the desktop subscriptions. I would just comment we heard that most of the resellers were short of – well short of the goal that Autodesk gets set for them for the year and there was a lot of inconsistency around what that goal was. So, is that – yes, go ahead, sorry, Carl.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, no, no, sorry, Steve, go ahead.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. Just to finish it off.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You were posing the question.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. Yes. Just to close that off, we're guessing that it seems that larger resellers are doing better. Is there a mix differences across the size of the resellers? You're clearly concentrating your efforts on making life better for those large resellers; just maybe any insight there or further commentary.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. So first of all, sorry for trying to cut you off there.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: No problem.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: What I'd say is as we get deeper into this we'll do more analysis on it. Right now we don't have any distribution that looks dramatically different there. I mean, it's certainly an interesting question as to whether or not we're seeing anything there but I would say for the most part we did not see any of that.
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes, and we haven't structured the back-end so as to be different for large versus small, any more so than the normal channel structure would dictate. So there's nothing there that would favor that.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay, okay...
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, you know – yes.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Sorry, Carl, go ahead.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, I was just thinking that the mix of distributors and stuff out there and just going – but what we'll try to do is a month from now, we'll try to give you a little bit better insight into whether we see any variability in terms of the performance, but there's nothing that jumps out at us through the analysis of the quarter results that gave us any indication about that. But one thing I would say, though, about goals, and I think sometimes this is misconstrued in terms of people doing channel checks; it is true that sometimes our sales management team gets aggressive when we want new programs. I'm just trying to send a message of what's important. I think in more steady state businesses where we really understand the performance you might set your overall target at 102% of what you expect, and the 2% on for example $600 million a quarter when it's relatively steady state is understandable. When we move to new things, sometimes we get aggressive and sometimes there is a little bit of a – assigned to the channel partners. Just directionally, this is where we expect you to have we think this is what's important and so sometimes some of the sales targets out there are more aggressive and they're definitely not consistent in terms of targets relative to what we think we will attain.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Got it. Okay, well thank you very much for taking my questions.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Richard Davis of Canaccord. Your line is open.
Richard Hugh Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hey, thanks. So I know the cloud kind of helps you guys compete better, but one of the hardest parts that I hear from guys that are thinking about switching or companies that are thinking about switching from one vendor to another is the fear that the engineers have with regard to their old models won't translate over seamlessly. So how are you guys channeling that concern? Is that still an issue, or is that a legacy issue? Is that a data issue or is it not an issue at all? Thanks.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes, I think this used to be a huge issue in the industry. One of the things that we've done with both our cloud and with the products is hopefully made it more of a non-issue. We will read in models from almost any vendor, dozens and dozens of different formats and operate on them almost as if they're natively. And I think, look, I would be worried if I had a 77 set of plans with 12 million parts in it. So the question is not does it translate, but how do you check that it translated 100% correctly? And so I think there are some industries that will be slower in adopting this, but I think we're getting to the point where the majority, the mainstream of customers, deal with files that come from heterogeneous systems every day and have worked through that and have come to trust that the translation of these things just works well. The one thing that's really good about this is moving this to the cloud has, digging a little bit deeper on the technical side, two nice benefits is that number one is the translations that existed in desktop products we were not able to see and could not see the failures of. When they're on the cloud, you can look at the failures. The second thing is as you recognize whatever shortcomings there are in the translation process, you can update those translations instantaneously. So there's a lot of benefits. Sort of while we're wholly protecting the customers' data and IP, you can actually give them a much better experience, and so it's one of the many benefits of doing this cloud-based engineering.
Richard Hugh Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Great. Thanks so much.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure, Richard.
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Thanks, Richard.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back to Mr. Gennarelli for any closing remarks.
David Gennarelli - Senior Director-Investor Relations: That concludes our call today. As Carl mentioned, we have our Analyst Day, September 29 here in our Gallery in San Francisco. If you're interested in attending, please email or call me. You can get my contact information on the press release. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes your program. You may now disconnect.

===== 2016 Q1  (2015-05-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Gennarelli - Director-Investor Relations Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC Brent J. Thill - UBS Securities LLC Keith E. Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc. Brendan J. Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Heather A. Bellini - Goldman Sachs & Co. Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC Philip A. Winslow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc. Darren R. Jue - JPMorgan Securities LLC Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Group LLC Kasthuri G. Rangan - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Autodesk First Quarter Fiscal Year 2016 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to Mr. David Gennarelli, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
David Gennarelli - Director-Investor Relations: Thanks, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our first quarter of FY 2016. Also on the line is Carl Bass, our CEO; and Scott Herren, our CFO. Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investors. As noted in our press release, we have published our prepared remarks on our website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments, and we will not repeat them on this call. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the anticipated future performance of the company, such as our guidance for the second quarter and full year fiscal 2016, our long-term financial model guidance, the factors we used to estimate our guidance including currency headwinds, our transition to new business models, our market opportunities and strategies, and trends for various products, geographies and industries. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment, based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time-to-time with the SEC, specifically our Form 10-K for the fiscal year 2015, and our current reports on Form 8-K, including the Form 8-K filed with today's press release and prepared remarks. Those documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today's call, but will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today's press release, prepared remarks, and on the Investor Relations section of our website. We will quote a number of numeric or growth changes as we discuss our financial performance. And unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Carl.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. We're off to a solid start in fiscal 2016 with good progress on our business model transition. We're particularly pleased with the 95,000 subscription additions in the quarter. We continue to experience high growth rates for new model subscriptions such as term based desktop subscriptions, enterprise flexible license offerings and cloud based services. It's worth noting that these new model subscriptions accounted for approximately half of our subscription additions for the quarter. We achieved our Q1 financial results despite the backdrop of an uneven macro economy and currency headwinds. To put it into numbers, the strong dollar impacted Q1 billings by approximately $31 million and revenue by approximately $22 million and that after our hedging was applied. It's also worth noting that for the first time in recent memory, we had very limited promotional activity in the quarter. This was intentional as we wanted to digest the activity that had led up to the end of sale for upgrades. We do have more promotional activity going on here in Q2 to spur demand and we implemented a small price adjustment in both euro and yen. From a geographic perspective, our revenue results in EMEA and the Americas remain strong despite unevenness in certain areas. We also experienced growth in most of APAC, while Japan continued to be impacted by unfavorable economic conditions. From an industry perspective, our Q1 results were driven by strength in both our AEC and manufacturing business segments. Taking a closer look at AEC, we're really pleased to see growth being delivered by our Building Design Suite and our Infrastructure Design Suite. It's great to see strength in these core products, but what gets us excited is the interest we're seeing in the new cloud-based products like BIM 360, which is being adopted in the construction field and InfraWorks 360, which is being adopted by infrastructure firms. InfraWorks is now being deployed in significant projects such as a hydro project in China and with a U.S. state DOT for its planning and design projects. Our manufacturing team delivered a strong growth in Q1, driven by the contribution from Delcam. It's been a year since the Delcam acquisition and we are really pleased with the addition of the team and how that business has maintained its momentum, extending Autodesk much deeper into the manufacturing process with industry-leading CAM technology. Delcam's focus is in the mold, tool and die sector as well as high-end production machining. Our HSM CAM business is focused on an integrated solution for the SMB market working with Inventor Fusion 360 and competitive products. Our HSM business closed hundreds of transactions and added hundreds of new customers in Q1. Once again, we are encouraged by what we're seeing with our cloud-based manufacturing products like PLM 360 and Fusion 360. PLM 360 continues to expand our base by attracting customers that are new to Autodesk, as well as being adopted by our existing customers. We're also seeing a continued trend of existing PLM customers coming back to add on to their original deal. In Q1, we had a record quarter for total PLM 360 deals with many new companies buying, as well as many companies expanding their use of PLM 360. There are a lot of exciting things happening with Fusion 360 recently and the buzz around the product is building. Fusion 360 is such a game-changer for both startups and established manufacturers that we wanted to make it simple to purchase and make it very accessible. So earlier this month, we simplified the pricing structure and made Fusion 360 subscriptions available-for-sale on Amazon.com. It's clear that the way products are being designed and built is changing and customers are looking for tools to support these changes. Our cloud-based products like BIM 360, PLM 360, and Fusion 360 are leading the market. Just as we have changed the engineering and PLM markets with cloud-based products, we're doing the same with the Internet of Things. Across all the industries we serve, there is great interest in this technology. In the near-term, we can monitor buildings and factories to optimize operating conditions such as energy use, safety, and preventative maintenance. Today's industrial products, commercial buildings and urban infrastructure have sensors built into them. The world of the future includes capturing and analyzing data from these sensors, incorporating the learnings into the next generation of products and designing new products that respond to real-time to changing conditions. The Internet of Things has the potential to substantively change design from creating static, inert, discrete things to creating dynamic networks of interacting things, environments and media. We think we are in a fantastic position to lead this market. Now, let's talk more about our business transition. I think what is getting lost on some people is that we're not just changing our business model, we are transforming our business and the products that our customers use. The cloud is enabling our customers to think differently about how they approach design, simulation, production, and collaboration and doing so in ways that were not previously possible. We're also expanding our presence into new markets and adding new customers to our sizeable base. It's worth repeating that our business model transition will not be perfectly linear and that the amount of business that we transition, the number of subscription additions and the mix of subscription additions will fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year. Earlier this year, we announced that we would stop selling new perpetual offerings from most of the standalone products at the end of our fiscal year, which is January 31 of calendar 2016. We will also discontinue selling new perpetual licenses for suites some time in fiscal 2017. At that point, nearly all revenue will come from ratably recognized offerings including desktop and cloud subscriptions, EBAs and maintenance. This will naturally put downward pressure on reported revenue in FY 2017 as perpetual license offerings are discontinued. From there, we would expect a material rebound in the income statement the following year. Of course, the model transition will positively impact deferred revenue and subscription additions, which we expect will continue to have healthy year-on-year growth rates during the transition years. The unevenness of the current macro environment has reduced near-term visibility somewhat. When coupled with the persistent FX headwinds, it calls for a little bit more caution in our outlook. Our original assumption was that FY 2016 would be more backend loaded than usual given the deadline for end of sale for new perpetual individual product offerings. We continue to believe that's how the year will shape up and likely a little softer in the middle quarters. Our forecast for FY 2016 now assumes seven points of currency headwinds for billings and five points of currency headwinds for revenue after applying our hedge, which equates to over $160 million of billings and over $100 million in revenue. That's a lot of money. To wrap things up, we're pleased with the start of FY 2016 and the pace of our business transition. We remain confident in our long-term business model transition goals of 12% billings CAGR, 20% more customer value, 50% more subscriptions and 30% operating margins. We look forward to building on these early successes and transitioning Autodesk to a more profitable and recurring subscription based model over the coming years. Operator, we'd now like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Our first question comes from Gregg Moskowitz from Cowen and Company. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much and I apologize for any background noise. Just first question, wondering how much of a benefit to Q1 billings is there any way to size this, Carl, it just came from the upgrade extension that existed through early March?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Not a huge amount. We saw a little bit of pull-through at the beginning of the quarter, from the end of the previous quarter. So I think in – but it was not substantial.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. And then we've obviously spoken with some of your customers and partners, but I'm curious what you are hearing anecdotally just in terms of feedback from them with regards to the recently announced perpetual licensing changes?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, what we've seen – I mean there is – the changes just went in effect very recently. So I don't think it's reached the end customer to any significant degree. The partners are first starting to get ready for it. Like we said, we had almost no promotions in Q1. We wanted to digest what went on at the end of last year and get people ready for this three quarter March to the – ending license sales. So, I think it will take probably another month or two until we really see what the reaction from customers are. But generally speaking, they've been favorable and most of the results point that way.
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, yeah...
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Do you have anything to add, Scott?
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. Gregg, one of the things that is encouraging on that front is if you look at the 95,000 subscription adds we had in Q1, about half of them came from the new model types. So, there is – we are building pretty good acceptance in the early days at least on the new model types.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brent Thill from UBS. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Brent J. Thill - UBS Securities LLC: Good afternoon. Just a question on the guidance and I want to make sure we understand this correctly. You left your constant currency guidance for the full year unchanged, but you talked about this unevenness and I know you've changed your as reported guide due to FX. But beyond the FX, is there something that's making you more nervous as you look at the economy, you talk about this unevenness and I think everyone in Japan has had issues.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Brent J. Thill - UBS Securities LLC: But, what – you did leave your constant currency unchanged. So I'm just curious that is there some inconsistent statements that you're making in terms of how you're thinking about – is it looks – as it relates to the...?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, let me put things on both sides of the ledger. Generally, I feel good is, as Scott just said, about the transition to the new model and most parts of the world seem to be doing well. And in that way, our plans are unchanged. If you wanted me to rank, you know, my first budget, number one on my first budget would be FX; number two would be Japan; and number three would be Russia. And I don't think the list really goes longer than that. Those are the things, I think, FX has been more of a headwind than we anticipated on Japan and Japan can continue to be weak. Russia, we've already cut our business in such a substantial way that its impact is going to taper off. But if I wanted – anyhow if I wanted to prioritize for you, Brent, that's probably the best that I could do.
Brent J. Thill - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. But your statement just in not changing your constant currency, just the sense of you're not seeing a lot of this have a major impact is just this is – it sounds like it's more FX related?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: There is a lot of FX. I am – I'd be not completely candid if I say I am not worried about Japan. Right now, Japan is one of our biggest markets. You're seeing – as you mentioned, others have had trouble there. I think it can continue. Generally speaking, when Q1 is weak for Japan, it's a weak year for Japan. So, I have some nervousness around Japan. But as I said somewhat tongue in cheek, it's a lot of money, having a couple hundred million dollars is a lot of money for us just to go in FX. And so I usually feel better about both our hedging policy as well as kind of the buffer we have built in with the rates and this time I had less confidence in that.
Brent J. Thill - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you for the color.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Keith E. Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Excellent. Thank you guys for taking the question. One of the things that we're all trying to figure out here, as you go through the business model transition is the push and pulls between whether people are going to be hoarding perpetual licenses upfront or whether you're going to be able to convince guys to go to desktop subscription more fully or more wholesomely upfront as we go through this transition. Any indications you could give us, it's been in the market for a couple of months now. Any indications you could give us on how you think that's going to break, which direction it's going to break?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No, Keith, we've been trying to be totally transparent as we don't actually – we have a number of models and we have a number of knobs and levers to move during the year, as we see it. I think you'll see first break this quarter and we'll have a little bit of understanding of that. And then we can adjust some things as we go through the rest of the year. But it's not as obvious – I was obviously encouraged that people – many higher subscription numbers in Q1. So we'll just have to see how that plays out, but that was at least a positive sign.
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. Keith, the other thing that besides what Carl just mentioned about the half of our net adds coming from new model in Q1, when we look at the promotional activity that we've got queued up for Q2 and through the end of the year, there is a couple of different trust behind that. One is going to the installed base and offering a way for them to – if they're ready to move to subscription offer away for them to get there on a multi-year basis with a slight discount. And the other is really going directly after the LT base in Europe and there are LT customers to the extent that they are willing to or want to buy another perpetual license and will buy a multi-year, they can get a scaled up discount on that depending on how many years of maintenance they decide to buy upfront. So, you'll see us doing more from a promotional standpoint that help drive that shift.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. And let me just try and – Keith, let me just try to give you a little bit of color on promotions, because certainly if I read some of your notes, the extrapolations were somewhat imperfect. And so the first thing what was clear, over the last few years, we have centralized much more of our promotional activity around the world. So it used to be that this was a more decentralized activity done by sales leaders in the geographies. And at any point, we could have literally dozens of promotions going on. Over the last few years, those have been centralized. So that's just the first thing. So that we have a really good handle what they are. Second one is there were almost no promotions in the first quarter. It's the lowest level of promotional activity I have ever seen certainly in my tenure. And the third thing is that when you have picked up from talking to customers or resellers, any pricing changes, those have not been promotional activities driven by us. As you know, we don't control end user pricing and we obviously have an impact on it. But those were things initiated by some of our partners. And so – and then I just conclude the color commentary on promotions by saying, now we have a pretty robust promotional program going through Q2, Q3 and Q4 and so you should start picking up signs of that in your channel checks.
Keith E. Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. And if I could perhaps sneak one last one in. So we're on this sort of the beginning a business model transition, which isn't just pricing model, it's about how you guys are taking product to market something that you guys think is going to add a lot of value to the business over the next two years to three years. And I would argue is probably not terribly well understood by investors and probably not fully reflect into the stock. If that's the case, why aren't you guys buying back your stock more aggressively here?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Scott?
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. Keith, when we look at our – that's obviously a question about capital allocation. So the first thing I would say is when you look at the $2 billion plus of cash we have in the balance sheet as you probably saw in the prepared remarks, 86% of that is offshore. But it hasn't really affected the way we think about allocating capital. So just to reiterate first and foremost it's to support the business during the transition, whether that's organic growth or that's M&A type growth. Second, it's about managing the dilution of the equity plans and by the way, that includes not just our SKUs, but our employees stock purchase plan that everyone has the opportunity to participate in. And then it's beyond that, it's to reduce the outstanding share count. So that policy is still in place and that's still really where our head is as we look at the next couple of years.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. And we've just gone through capital planning review. And stay tuned, we're not ready to say anything at this point. But we've just gone through a fairly comprehensive review of looking at the next few years and what the capital requirements are. So, you'll see more in the coming months.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Carl, I'd like to ask a couple of questions regarding what the steady state that the business might look like starting in fiscal 2018 in two respects, and you touched on it in part when you talked about your products and how they're being used differently. So, the first question is you already have a reasonably complex product line in terms of numbers of SKUs, numbers of configurations per suite and so forth. And the question is versus what the portfolio looks like today, do you think the portfolio in fiscal 2018 is somewhat more simplified or reduced, for example, when you come out with subscribe to Autodesk, do you think that even with various flavors of that, that you might in effect consolidate the product line or do you think that it just expands, you just introduced a new suite, for example. So what do you think the general direction of the scope of the portfolio looks like? And then just a second question for Scott, also looking at what the steady state might look like? Would it be fair to say that in terms of the margin leverage you get, once you're on the other side of this transition that sales and marketing as a percent of revenue is where you get the most leverage perhaps several 100 basis points of reduction, sales and marketing, and that you might even have a flat to lower absolute spending of sales and marketing at some point?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. So let me just start. What I would say is right now, we're probably at the height of complexity of our product portfolio, because we really have one foot in each world. As we move forward, what I think you will see for the more traditional desktop products is subscribe to Autodesk will tend to be the primary way our customers buy. And so there maybe underlying that offer individual products, but certainly, as you would see them through our financial statements, these will look like subscribe to Autodesk. As you know, subscribe to Autodesk is just the umbrella term we're using for bringing our flexible license offerings to the majority of our customers. And so there may be underneath it product names that you're familiar with today, but the method in which they buy will be more common there. Secondly, I'd say, as we've looked at our cloud offerings, the one thing about many of our cloud offerings is they are not as distinct as desktop offerings, that the services that you offer in a web-based environment tend to blur together and all fall under a single subscription fee. With different kind of levels, but I think from the outside, it will be much more transparent, it will be much easier to discern what's going on. And the intention is for customers, it's much easier for them to choose. So a lot of the emphasis on the changing business model here is to allow customers to be much more flexible. We've talked about many times, how we see flexible license offerings is both being good for our business and really good for our customers. So that's the general direction. I think you're probably at the apex of product portfolio complexity, and certainly as you get to FY 2018, you'll see considerable simplification.
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: And, Jay, this is Scott. To your question on sales and marketing as a percent of revenue leverage, for sure we'll get a good deal of leverage as we get – kind of reestablish steady state in that fiscal 2018, fiscal 2019 timeframe for a couple of reasons, one of which is just scale and sales and marketing is our highest spend as a percent of revenue. So, of course, that means it's going to get the greatest leverage as we scale. We'll also see channel mix shift out in time. Our reseller channel will continue to be the overwhelming majority of our sales, but we will see some mix shift and we're starting to see a little bit of that today and as we do, that will drive also leverage in sales and marketing. To the extent that it comes out in absolute terms, that's a little far out to be able to project at this point.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Brendan Barnicle from Pacific Crest Securities. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Brendan J. Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Thanks so much. And, Carl, thanks for reiterating that fiscal 2018 guidance. I wanted to drill down on maybe how we get there a little bit. It sounded like based on your comments that fiscal 2017, not this year, would be the low in terms of revs and EPS and if that's so, do you also expect that billings would remain positive in fiscal 2017 as we go through this transition or would those dip negative as you make the change?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: There's a chance it dips negative. A lot depends on the pace of change. So the question that was asked earlier, a huge amount depends on how quickly people move between the two models. We'll update you as we see it develop, but I don't think it's wrong to assume that it dips in FY 2017 and I think it is correct to say that FY 2017 is the low point. That will be the place where the customers are most compelled to do something and make a choice. And let me just remind you, to the extent that we're most successful in transitioning customers to the new models, which is what we really want to do because the financial model at the other end of the rainbow is so promising, is that it will impact traditional income statement metrics. So it's a mixed bag for us, so while we root for it, it definitely brings down the traditional metrics that people look at.
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. And, Brendan, that same dynamic is in play this year, right, to the extent that it moves much more quickly to new models and away from perpetual sales, we will see that in the reported revenue results this year. We will continue to see the build in subscribers, we will continue to see the build in deferred revenues, but that same dynamic that we're talking about in fiscal 2017 is also in play for the remainder of this year.
Brendan J. Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Great, thanks. And, Scott, just following up quickly on the cash flow you mentioned in the prepared comments, the higher payout of variable employee comp. And just curious whether given that you didn't see as much this quarter if you had just more direct sales in Q4 and then whether direct sales met the expectations for Q1 or if that's just a seasonal pattern we should start modeling?
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. What really impacted cash flow from ops in Q1 was really – was two things. So we talked about both of these when we talked about our income statement in Q4, but they both came out of cash in Q1. One was the variable comp plans. Fiscal 2015 for us which ended January 31 was a very good year and so we saw in our OpEx throughout the year, but in particular, in Q3 and Q4 of last year pretty elevated level of variable comp expense so all that got paid out in Q1. And so year-on-year, we spent – out of our cash, we spent about $60 million more in variable comp in Q1 of this year than we spent in variable comp in Q1 of last year. The second, as we talked about – if you remember Q4 was a record quarter for us for cash flow from ops of $257 million. Within that we talked about the linearity of Q4 was such that we had a lot of those large EBAs close actually in December, it wasn't the end of our fiscal year, but it was the end of a lot of our customers fiscal year. So a lot of those big transactions actually got closed in December, got invoiced and collected still in Q4 as opposed to a normal linearity, which would have those much more at the end of the quarter and then collected in the following quarter and that contributed about a little more than $40 million to the OpEx impact year-on-year. So those two together drove Q1 cash flow from ops down a little bit more than $100 million on a year-on-year basis.
Brendan J. Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Great. Thanks for the clarity.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Ashley from Robert W. Baird. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Perfect. Just like to go back and maybe touch a little bit on what Brent had talked about a little earlier about your talking about the year. Just wondering if your internal way that you had expected the year to play out has changed from when you started the year until now, do you now expect the seasonality quarterly of the way that revenue flows to be different?
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes, Steve. This is Scott. I'll start and then let Carl add some commentary. It's really not significantly different that as we calculate the FX impact, it – there is rounding going on in there. We quote that in whole percentage points, but it has increased and has moved from what was 6% and 4% billings and revenue to 7% and 5%, but the reality is there is some rounding going on underneath the covers. So I think the shape of the year is the same shape that we expected. There is a little bit of uncertainty, as Carl talked about earlier, in some of our key markets, in particular, in Japan and then to some extent in Russia, and that's really what you see reflected.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I mean, same thing I said before in terms of concerns it's FX and then it's Japan and then it's Russia and the list ends there.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): And I would – just in terms of 50% of the subscriptions coming from the new model, I wonder if we could get a little more granularity there and maybe just comment, are you seeing traction with desktop subscriptions?
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, we are, Steve. We're seeing desktop – we've talked about it growing on a sequential basis at a pretty high clip. We're not actually breaking it out because it's still – despite the rapid growth, it's still not a material number. But it is continuing to grow actually and not experience seasonality at this point. We're still seeing very strong sequential growth coming out of desktop and cloud.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Perfect. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Heather Bellini from Goldman Sachs. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Heather A. Bellini - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you. I had a couple of questions. One, I just wanted to follow up on, I guess, that last one before I go to these other two about the product strength that you're seeing, you guys mentioned new products in particular. I'm just wondering you just gave us some color on desktop subscription, but can you give us some other information about or any more granularity on where you're seeing growth in other new products? And then, I've got a couple of follow-ups.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So – okay. Sure, Heather. First one I would say is the enterprise licensing, the EBAs continue to do really well. They're still a little bit more seasonal than other parts of our business. They coincide with customer or our end of year. But enterprise licenses continue to grow. I expect them to continue to this year and next. And then, we're having tremendous amount of success on the cloud-based products. So, PLM 360 – I'd call that's some color with the CAM products, PLM 360, Fusion 360, all doing really well. In some ways, if you think about it, it's been crazy that's it's taken this long for cloud software to make it to the world of engineering and as it's becoming a mainstream deployment in IT shops, people are realizing that the world of design and engineering and manufacturing is going to move there as well. And so we're benefiting from being in a leadership position in all of those. I think backing it up too would be the desktop subscriptions continue to do nicely and we'll be able to give you a little bit more color on the desktop subscriptions as the promotions start in Q2 and the deadlines approach in Q4, we'll watch that go. And I think just generally last thing in our kinds of great coloring of the macro economies, most of the world is doing pretty well. And we saw that in a lot of the construction numbers and a lot of the manufacturing numbers that absent a couple of specific countries, generally speaking, the economies of the world are doing pretty well.
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Heather, the one bit of color I'd add to Carl's comments on desktop that I should have mentioned earlier is it's early days, but what we are seeing is within our desktop subscription growth, the largest component of it is LT and I think what's encouraging about that is an LT customer traditionally would buy perpetual license. So we had a much lower attach rate of maintenance. And so seeing that cohort that that set of our customers now shifting over to our subscription model is pretty encouraging for the future.
Heather A. Bellini - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. That's great. Thank you. And then I just had a question – two more actually, but there's a lot of people wondering if you could give some color between the difference between how you guys calculate billings and then the billings we all see on your financial statements, because those are the only ones we have to look at. So if you can talk a little bit about that and then also when you guys gave your billing's CAGR, is it based on your definition of billings or is it going to be the billings we see on your financial statements, because that's the other thing we're getting pinged on a lot? And then I just had one follow-up after that.
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure. Yeah, the way we do billings is it's outlined actually in our prepared comments, but it's actually what's invoice minus the partner incentives. So our contras come out of that. I think the one thing that maybe driving some confusion...
Heather A. Bellini - Goldman Sachs & Co.: But why aren't those in the financial – but why aren't those in your Qs and Ks?
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Net billings are reported on the face of our quarterly earnings. I'd have to go back and look at the Q and see if we put that in there or not. It's not – there is no magic to it though. It's what's invoice but minus the contras.
Heather A. Bellini - Goldman Sachs & Co.: But yes – yeah but then – and then when you guys give your billings growth target, I mean I'm just passing on the questions that are hitting my inbox?
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure, yeah.
Heather A. Bellini - Goldman Sachs & Co.: What are you guys – what's the goal based on? Is it based on what you just defined that net billings number?
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes.
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes. When we talk about billings...
Heather A. Bellini - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay.
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: ...we talk about net billings.
Heather A. Bellini - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Okay. And then, I guess, the question for you, Carl, you've been asked a lot over the last year or so about buybacks and I heard your comments that said, you just finished a comprehensive review and that you would be back to us. Is that, I guess, when we hear you saying that, is that something like you guys know this isn't something that you should be contemplating, I'm just trying to get a sense of, we've known for years, that you guys have used your buyback to offset dilution from stock options and the employee stock purchase plan, but is the board at least going through the analysis to determine where you are in the transition, how much better it would be for shareholders if you were to take the dilution out now. How much of that is being factored in because while we appreciate saving cash for a rainy day and understanding that a lot of it's offshore. And I think even during the depths of the credit crisis, you guys didn't burn any cash. So, how do we think about how the board is going about the comprehensive review?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. So first, let's start by being honest. You don't appreciate saving cash for a rainy day. And those – the people hidden in your inbox appreciate it either are very few. But more seriously as – I mean you'll hear from us in the next month or so that what our plans are. So, we'll certainly do in Q2, we'll talk about it and we do – and I mean I was very serious, it was comprehensive. We went through – this is a point of inflection and so it required a different analysis than we've done before. And so, stay tuned.
Heather A. Bellini - Goldman Sachs & Co.: That's great. Thanks so much.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Hedberg from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yeah. Thanks for taking my questions, guys. One of the questions that I get the most is how might the range of outcome look for 2017, and when might those ranges start to narrow here? And I guess I'm wondering, how should we think about cash margins versus operating margin? Should cash margins be a bigger focus for investors during this transition versus your 30% operating margin targets?
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. Matt, I think both are important. Obviously, we are continuing to generate cash. I don't think you see a significantly different trend, though, between our cash margins and our op margins. So as we go into fiscal 2017 and as Carl talked about, some of the traditional income statement metrics particularly around reported revenue will be under pressure in fiscal 2017, that's going to put pressure right down the face of the income statement. I think the better way to track our progress through the transition is going to be looking at things like the growth of deferred revenue, and the growth of the subscriber base, which really get at the underlying business dynamics that then set up for the way the model looks as we come back out of the transition.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's great. And then, Carl, I wanted to ask about IoT, it seems to me that you've talked about a little bit more in your prepared remarks than I can remember historically. Can you give us a little bit of sense for how you might play in that market and should we expect maybe further investments be it M&A to further boost that opportunity for you guys?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, I mean this is probably the first time we've really talked about it and it's one of the areas where our customers are really interested in it. I was doing the prepared remarks last night when I came upon this tweet and it made me pause about including it, because the tweet was something like IoT is like teenage sex, everyone talks about it, nobody really knows how to do it, everyone thinks everyone else is doing it, so everyone else claims they are doing it. And so, it did give me a little bit of pause, but let me just tell you that we do know what we're doing and it has become a huge focus for our customers in all of our industries. IoT has been often associated with just purely manufacturing, but it's also in the building space and I would say this is both for vertical and horizontal construction, a big deal. Sensors have been built into every building, they are being put in every infrastructure project from electrical infrastructure to sewage infrastructure, to dams, roads, bridges are all having it. And the important thing for us is figuring out how do you help customers not only collect that data and analyze that data, but how does that feed back into better products that they build in turn for their customers. Also many of our customers are contemplating transitions of their own, but you've certainly seen things along the lines, from large industrial companies like GE talking about essentially jet engines as a service as opposed to selling jet engines and railroads as a service, and so it's a huge interest. What we saw in the market was that there was a real lack of contemporary modern tools to do it. There is a lot of old tools that have been around for a long time. And so we will do the usual thing to answer your question directly, which is we're doing some in-house development that we started from scratch and we will be opportunistic about finding M&A opportunities. But I wouldn't take those remarks specifically anything significant about a big acquisition, any acquisitions we will do will be in the style that we're most accustomed to.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Philip Winslow from Credit Suisse. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Philip A. Winslow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Thanks, guys, for taking my question. Most questions have already been asked. But just want to dig into the linearity question and then, Carl, back to your comments about being more backend loaded and a little softer in the middle. Perhaps you could help us sort of kind of as given an analogy here to sort of how you expect the end of sale of point product licenses at the end of this fiscal year to impact the second half maybe versus how the end of upgrade sales impacted that – the second half or just last fiscal year, what did we learn from the end of upgrades and how you're thinking about that implying it to the end of point product sales and then in terms of the guidance, that'd be great?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So I think – yeah, I think it's a great question. I think the best indication we have about the trajectory, the slow growth, the activity is what happened last year. It's a really good indication of how our customers respond to changes that need to be made. The very – so that much I look at is being very similar to last year. The place where there is probably a little bit of difference is just we don't know what they will do as a result of it. So how many will move to desktop subscription versus the hoarding extra licenses. So there is a little bit of difference in what they'll do, but the level of activity we've been modeling is pretty close to a mirror of what happened the year before and in checking with historical patterns, it's pretty similar to things we've done with other kinds of transitions where there was really an end of sale demarcated in the future.
Philip A. Winslow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): So is it fair to summarize that hey, we're coming off of a lot of one-time demand the last couple of quarters, we're now halfway through the trough and then there is this ramp-up for the now or never purchase the second half of this year. I mean, is that a fair way to describe it, a U-shape?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. A little bit of subtlety that's in there is because of that the way the incentives work for our partners and our customers is the biggest discount starts earlier in the year. So, what we've noticed that if we have the biggest financial incentive at the end of the year, that combined with a compelling deadline makes for a very non-linear year. So instead we did the opposite just like we did last year is the financial incentives are greatest in Q2 and ramp down to Q4. So we tried to just balance those two forces out as much as possible to get a little bit more linearity.
Philip A. Winslow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it. Thanks, guys.
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. Phil, the other nuance there compared to upgrades, is what Carl said earlier, in the case of upgrades it was buy the upgrade now or don't. In this case, it's buy perpetual license now or go ahead and make the shift over to desktop or cloud. So there is a little bit of unknown. We always felt the shape of the year was going to be backend loaded and that's exactly how we're seeing it play out. We've put in place promos to try to drive more of that demand earlier in the year and I still think it will be fairly backend loaded. The other point just to make sure that everyone still has on the radar screen is we're really talking about end of sale at the end of this year just for the individual products. We haven't yet announced the end of sale point on suites although we have said it will be sometime within our fiscal 2017 that's still out there for part of fiscal 2017.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Walter Pritchard from Citi. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi, thanks. Two questions just to follow up to the prepared remarks. One is you commented in there that LT (46:13) and I'm wondering is that just a revenue business model transition impact, or did you actually see some fundamental underlying unit based (46:20) weakness during the (46:21) quarter?
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Hey, Walt, can you repeat the question? For some reason you are breaking up, we're having trouble hearing you.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): I'm sorry. All right, let's see is this any better?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, that's better.
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, that's better.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, great. All right. So, the question was on LTs, you had in the prepared remarks that LT was weak during the quarter. And I'm wondering if that was a business model transition source of weakness or if there was something going on that was more demand related or otherwise?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think LT as we've always said is very promotion related. With that – it's the most price-sensitive amongst our customers. And so I tie it almost completely to lack of promotions in the quarter.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Got it. And then just another follow-up on the prepared remarks, you had in there that manufacturing, I think, it grew – I don't remember exactly the numbers, but it was a little weaker than we thought it would be on a constant currency basis, and obviously some of the things like PMI manufacturing data on the macro side haven't been as strong. I'm wondering if you attribute that relative weakness to the macro or if – I'm just curious how you think about your market share there and if you are holding share in that market?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. No, I think I feel relatively good about manufacturing. Japan is obviously one of the areas impacting us. So generally feel good about where we are. If I was to break it down a little further to the question of share, I think we're holding serve or better in all of the traditional products. The place where we really gaining ground, although it's not reflected so much in the financials is in all the cloud-based products. As we talk about the cloud-based IoT product and cloud-based PLM product and cloud-based design and engineering product like Fusion, that's dramatically different than what our competitors are doing and that's a place where we're seeing real traction.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Steve Koenig from Wedbush. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Hi. Thanks, gentlemen. If I can do a housekeeping and then one follow-up. On the housekeeping, a financial question here. Scott, can you just explain to us the operating margin being down in guidance, is that all currency or is there a bit of macro or something else in there?
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, it's – the op margin coming down from previous guide of 13% to 15%, to 12% to 14% really just reflects the change that we've guided on the top-line.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. So it's really...
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sorry, we are getting a lot of feedback. I don't know if you heard the same thing. We got a significant echo there.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Sorry, I didn't hear that, but can you hear me okay now?
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes. We can.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay, great. So the operating margin being down, guidance is really all related to that top-line reduction, which was currency?
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: That's right.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then I wanted to ask you guys as well. It seems in some aspects, the transition is perhaps a year or at least some measure of time behind what you might have originally anticipated when you planned out your transition and first communicated it, not so much in terms of the subscriber additions, but in terms perhaps of the optics on the headline results and on the margin adjustments. Is this a correct perception or not and if so, any color around that or why might that be?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, I...
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Go ahead.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: This is exactly – I mean we've been marching pretty much to the same plan all along. There have probably been small alterations as we phase out when the promotions are and when the end of sale of certain products are. But certainly in big terms, it's virtually identical to what we laid out the very first time at Investor Day about the transition that we saw. So there hasn't been any major disruptions one way or another.
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. My sentiment, Steve, is we're continuing to move as quickly as we can actually through the transition. And so I don't – certainly it's not a sense that we're behind. I think if anything, when you look at the subscriber adds, we're perhaps a bit ahead of where we might have been at this point when we first talked about going through this transition.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Sterling Auty from JPMorgan. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Darren R. Jue - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hey. Thank you. It's actually Darren Jue on for Sterling. Carl, you mentioned that you made a small price adjustment in some of the euro and yen denominated markets. I'm just wondering if you could maybe elaborate more on what you did, and I mean presumably, you've raised prices, and perhaps you could talk a little bit about what the early reaction has been from customers.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Scott, you want to...
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. The adjustment we made, Darren, was really as we looked at the way the currencies had moved, and of course, we price in local currency in every market, just trying to attain some level of equilibrium around our pricing across markets. So, there is not a significant arbitrage opportunity to buy licenses in one market versus the other. So, the adjustment – and we only adjusted the yen and euro, which they are the two most significant non-U.S. dollar denominated price points that we have, and the adjustment was in the 5% to 7% range. So, it's not an enormous amount. From an absorption standpoint in the market, there has been absolutely no noise on that.
Darren R. Jue - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay, great. And I wonder if you could tell us of the 95,000 subs that you added in the quarter, how many of them came via the Shotgun acquisition? And also if you could give us a sense for how many came through the Autodesk website?
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, the Shotgun was steady state. So if you remember in Q4, we talked about the 17,000 subscription add driven by Shotgun, that was an acquisition that we had done previously. And it was the first time that we got their subscriber count to a level of accuracy and conformed it to the way we count subscribers. So, we added that as a one-time. So the ongoing adds from Shotgun will just be the ongoing adds that are driven by the business. And it didn't stand out as a significant number. I'd say the one thing we did see in the subscriber count in Q1 is if you think of our EBAs, so the big, large $1 million plus transactions that we do, those are token-based. It takes a little bit of time to get the infrastructure set up behind those to begin reporting out the monthly average users which is what gets added to the subscriber base. So part of what we saw in Q1 was a little bit of a catch-up from the large number of EBAs we had done in Q3 and Q4 of last year. That infrastructure was set up and we got 90 days worth of monthly average users rolling in. There was a little bit of a net add from that, but that's probably the only thing I would point to as a bit of an anomaly in the Q1 adds.
Darren R. Jue - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Matt Williams from Evercore. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Group LLC: Hi, guys, thanks for fitting me in. Carl, you mentioned earlier in your remarks around cloud how customer seem to be migrating to those solutions a little bit more so than they have in the past, and I'm just curious what level of evangelizing are you guys having to do with the customer base in terms of trying to explain the benefits and help them along versus how much this is really customer saying, yeah, this is the direction we really want to go and you're not having a hold to hand as much?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, good question. I would divide it, I would say, we're not having to do much in the evangelism category that the customers who are aware in transitioning in other parts of their business to the cloud are receptive to it. They have been waiting for answers in the construction or in the engineering space. The place where we're spending more time is on just general awareness. So marketing dollars to make them know that we have a solution that is that. So we probably spent more time and money on awareness rather than the overall benefits. Having said that, I think you've probably seen us do the adoption of cloud technologies like all the others. There is still recalcitrant part of the audience that's sitting going I'll never do it and they have their arms folding across the chest and they say that will never happen. But with each passing day, it becomes less and less. And as I've gotten older and seen enough of these transitions, I just know that we can – to be a little crude, we can just wait people out. This is an inevitable transition as mainframes to workstations or workstations to PCs was. And most of the reasons for not moving are not very substantial. I think there is a handful of places that are wrestling with this question. You see it in terms of government organizations, places in the defense industry. But it was interesting, we spent a long time in the CTO of the company with folks from DARPA the other day and then kind of marveling at what's possible with what's going on in the cloud, and then say we had difficultly, it was good to be – for them to use it. And then we went on this interesting conversation that said the bad guys have no problem using the cloud. They are using the cloud already and they're going to continue to use the cloud. And so, I don't think the operational plan should be for you to figure out how not to use it. You need to do something different. And so I think both businesses and governments will figure out a way because the benefits are so substantial.
Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Group LLC: Got it. And maybe just one quick follow-up on you've talked in the past about operationally and systems, some of the changes that you need to make internally as more of your business goes direct and transactions through the website and that sort of thing. You talked about the tokens on the EBAs. How do you feel like you guys are set up as you're starting to really ramp this transition in earnest throughout this year and into next year?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So I would say just to be clear on the question, it's not only important for business that we do direct. It's also for our business through partners. The thing that's really changed is the number of transactions and the frequency in which people transact. This was a system that was built for perpetual licenses and upgrades and that's what we've been transitioned. So I feel like we're finally carrying – there is a light at the end of the tunnel. We're certainly servicing the business today and I feel like we're on track to be ahead of when the most massive movement of our customers comes, but we are building infrastructure as we go.
Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Group LLC: Great. Thanks for taking the question.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: (58:07).
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Kash Rangan from Merrill Lynch. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Kasthuri G. Rangan - Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith, Inc.: Hey, thank you very much. Carl, just – I appreciate the enthusiasm for the model transition. Looking back over the last few quarters, maybe there is some other factors at work, the number of subs added, we've seen 121,000, 100,000 and this quarter was 95,000. I would probably expect the numbers to be moving in the other direction. Also, the billings growth rate although clearly pretty solid this quarter, we've seen 27%, 25%, 20% going down to 8%. So if we take a step back, can you help us understand the context of what seems to be deceleration on the face that was reported, but I'm sure that there is another side to the story just what I really wanted to hear. And finally also the guidance, you guys have done really well on beating the sub number and taking up the guidance. I noticed that we didn't do it this time, we did it last time. Just wanted to get your thought process on that. Thank you so much and that's it from me.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, sure. Yeah, sure, Kash. Well, I would say the 95,000 we exceeded our expectations. Like we said, it was not going to be linear. Given what we saw in terms of promotional activity and that the impending end of sale is 12 months off, this was above what our expectations were. So, the other thing I would say is and I mean we've tried to be as clear as possible is that these things are not going to be perfectly linear. And we've tried to present as much information as we can when we think it gets on a solid footing and when it is understandable and we'll continue to do that. And we said, we'll start breaking down more numbers as we go forward. But everything about what we saw in the subscription part of the business was at or above where we had planned the year. So I feel good about that. We have now – as we enter the second quarter with interesting new dynamics with the promotional activity and the end-of-sale getting closer and in three months, we'll have another conversation about where we are at that point.
R. Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. And, Kash, to the numbers that you quoted, when we talked about 121,000 net adds in Q3, bear in mind that there was a one-time add for Delcam, 25,000 built into that number. And then we – as we talked earlier, in the 100,000 that we added in Q4, there were 17,000 one-time. So, we had some one-time inorganic hits as those acquisitions got their subscriber count up to a level where we were comfortable reporting them and adding them to our base, which was inception to date for those companies as a one-time add and then the ongoing growth is just whatever the ongoing growth of those businesses are. So, there was a little bit of a – actually a fairly notable tailwind in both Q3 and Q4 in those subscriber add numbers. I think the 95,000 adds we just posted for the quarter, we disclosed, certainly was ahead of our expectations and is something we feel pretty good about.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, I would like to hand the conference over to Mr. David Gennarelli for closing remarks.
David Gennarelli - Director-Investor Relations: All right. Thanks, everybody. So just as a reminder, we're going to be at the Banwell (1:01:23) Conference on June 2 in San Francisco. And if anybody wants to talk to me in the meantime, you can call me at 415-507-6033. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today's conference. So this concludes our program for today. You may all disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q4  (2015-02-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Gennarelli - Director-Investor Relations Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Richard Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts: Keith E. Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker) Brent John Thill - UBS Securities LLC Heather Anne Bellini - Goldman Sachs & Co. Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc. Philip Alan Winslow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Matt Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC Richard Hugh Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Inc. Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc. Brendan John Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities LLC Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker) Kasthuri Gopalan Rangan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by, and welcome to the Autodesk Q4 Fiscal 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later, we will conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will follow at that time. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference to our host, Mr. David Gennarelli, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Sir, you may begin.
David Gennarelli - Director-Investor Relations: Thanks, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our fourth quarter and fiscal 2015. Also on the line is Carl Bass, our Chief Executive Officer; and Scott Herren, our CFO. Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investors. As noted in our press release, we have published our prepared remarks on our website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments, and we will not repeat them on this call. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the anticipated future performance of the company, such as our guidance for the first quarter and full-year fiscal 2016, our long-term financial model guidance, the factors we used to estimate our guidance, our transition to new business models, our market opportunities and strategies, and trends for various products, geographies and industries. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment, based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time-to-time with the SEC, specifically our Form 10-K for the fiscal year 2014, Form 10-Q for the periods ended April 30, 2014, July 31, 2014, and October 31, 2014, and our current reports on Form 8-K, including 8-K filed with today's press release and prepared remarks. Those documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today's call, but will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today's press release, prepared remarks, and on the Investor Relations section of our website. We will quote a number of numeric or growth changes as we discuss our financial performance. And unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Carl.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. Fiscal 2015 was the first year of our business model transition, and we are really pleased with the results. In addition to the strong financial performance, we are particularly pleased with the rollout, and acceptance of our new cloud-based products like Fusion 360, BIM 360 and PLM 360. As the world looks to cloud and mobile products to get the jobs done, we are being rewarded with thousands of news customers. Our fourth quarter results continue to show strength across industries, geographies and products. Key metrics like billings, subscriptions and deferred revenue showed strong year-on-year growth. Cash flow from operations for the quarter was a record. And we increased our recurring revenue base by adding a 100,000 net new subscriptions in Q4, bringing our full year to 385,000 net new subscriptions. Subscriptions process through the Autodesk eStore, increased more than 150% and we experienced strong sequential growth from non-maintenance subscriptions. All in all, it was terrific quarter and a strong close to the year. From a geographic perspective, strength was again broad based in Q4, anchoring this strength was large deal activities, which are transactions with a deal value greater than $1 million. Q4 was a record for large deals, with a number of transactions increasing more than 50% and the total deal value increasing more than 40% over the fourth quarter last year. That's another sign that we are becoming a more strategic partner to our largest customers. Many of these large deals were flexible enterprise licenses or EBAs, which create a recurring revenue stream and are recognized ratably. These EBAs drive deeper account penetration in which parts of the enterprise that we just weren't getting to previously. And these large deals also tend to includes buying decisions across the supply chain. As customers look to align their design software, for increased efficiency and compatibility with their suppliers. Fourth quarter license revenue would have been approximately $40 million higher without the impact of flexible enterprise license agreements. For the year, we transitioned close to $90 million in the enterprise license revenue to these recurring revenue streams. From an industry perspective, our strong Q4 results in AEC, can be attributed through the continued adoption of BIM in the building and infrastructure industries. We experienced strong growth in AEC suites, as well as our cloud and mobile products. These new technologies support access to in-field and real-time information. Our manufacturing team delivered strong growth in Q4 driven by large deals, strengthened our product design suite and the addition of Delcam. We are really encouraged by what we are seeing with our cloud-based products like Fusion 360 and PLM 360. For the first time in a long time, we are seeing fundamental changes in the competitive environment in manufacturing. The way products are being designed and built is changing, and customers are looking for tools to support these changes. Our cloud-based products Fusion 360 and PLM 360 are leading the market. Fusion 360 is a complete product development system that allows distributed teams to work together on a project from concept through manufacturing. Bringing together design simulation, visualization and fabrication tools into one product, is key for our products bringing better products to market faster. In terms of collaboration, the closest analogy for Fusion are gain up for software development or Google Docs for office documents. The range of customers and the work they're producing is really inspiring. We estimate that 90% of our Fusion accounts are new to Autodesk. So it's another way that we're expanding our user base. PLM 360 is also bringing new users to Autodesk and expanding our presence within existing accounts. We added over 50 new PLM logos in FY 2015 and many of these customers have already come back to us to expand their usage. While some of our PLM accounts are enterprise customers, the vast majority are S&P, which is a large Greenfield opportunity. We were the first cloud-based PLM solution to the market over two years ago and we've built a sizable technology lead, which now includes cloud-based data management. In Q4, we continued to see an increase in upgrade activity as legacy customers took the last opportunity to upgrade and a high percentage of the upgrades attach maintenance subscription. This is all good news, as the end of life for upgrades resulted in converting tens of thousands of customers so the latest version of our products and bringing them with us into the future and we still have a huge opportunity to convert nearly 3 million customers to subscription offerings. Now, I'd like to talk more about our model transition. At the heart of this transition is the dramatic shift in the software industry, total subscription and a technology platform shift to the cloud. Our customers are already seeing the benefits of the shift to the cloud and turn-based offerings with many of their other software applications, such as CRM or HR apps, and they are embracing the change. Our subscription offerings provide a simplified product management and deployment experience. They also make it easier to introduce new tools and technologies into the workflow with lower upfront costs. This is changing how our customers use our products to solve design challenges in ways that just weren't previously possible. We exited FY 2015 with even more conviction in our transition. In many ways FY 2015 was the set up for the next couple of years in which we will move a larger portion of our business to subscription and recurring revenue. Earlier this month we announced that we would stop selling new perpetual offerings for most of the standalone products such as AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT on February 1 next year. After which they will be available only through desktop subscriptions. We expect that this may lead some customers to buy new perpetual licenses before the change, while others will willingly choose the more flexible subscription offerings that provide increased functionality and new benefits. Throughout the course of the year, we'll be working with our customers and channel partners to help them make the choice that's best for them because of 100% of desktop and cloud subscription revenues deferred are recognized ratably. This will naturally puts downward pressure on traditional income statement metrics like revenue, operating margin, and EPS, through the transition. This pressure will increase the remaining perpetual license offerings have discontinued next year. At that point, nearly all revenue will come from ratably recognized offerings, including maintenance, desktop and cloud subscriptions and EBAs. Also keep in mind, there will continue to be pressure on gross margin as we invest in our cloud infrastructure and our sales of cloud services ramps up. On the flip side, the model transition will positively impact deferred revenue and subscription additions, which we expect will continue to have healthy growth rates. The traditional income statement metrics will start to rebound at the anniversary of the quarter in which we discontinue perpetual offerings. From there we would expect a material rebound in financial performance. Those considerations are factored into our guidance for FY 2016, which calls for 3% to 5% growth in both billings and revenue. Our FY 2016 guidance also reflects six points of currency headwinds for billings and four points of currency headwinds for revenue. In other words, our guidance for billings growth at constant currency would be 9% to 11%, and our guidance for revenue growth at constant currency would be 7% to 9%. Healthy growth rates over strong performance in FY 2015. To wrap things up, we're really pleased with the direction of the business. This past year shaped up to be much stronger than our initial view, and we remain confident in our long-term business model transition. Goals of 12% billing, CAGR 20% more customer value, 50% more subscriptions and 30% operating margins. We look forward to building on these early successes and transitioning Autodesk to a more profitable and recurring subscription based model over the coming years. Lastly, I want to thank our employees and partners for their outstanding efforts and contributions over the past year. It was a great team effort. Operator, we'd now like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: Certainly. And our first question comes from Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Keith E. Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Excellent. Thank you, guys, for taking the question, and very nice quarter. I was wondering if you could give us a little bit of color about how we're looking for this sort of transition from perpetual to subscription to unfold? You give us a very impressive subscriber guidance for FY16. Could you give us a little bit of understanding, namely, how you're going to try to incent customers to act – whether you're going to be trying to push them more towards subscribers or desktop subscriptions in the near term? Or is it going to – or is the pricing going to be equivalent between perpetual and professional desktop subscription?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Keith, thanks. Two things in the way that we're thinking about moving customers more towards desktop subscription. We would like them to move there, one is certainly as you – it suggests through price, the other way to do it is, we will make sure that the offerings on desktop subscription have more value for the customers than the other. We will put things in those products that are not available in the traditional way. Having said that I think even last quarter I said the same thing. A customer who is happy buying perpetual licenses and subscriptions, we will – we're going to continue to allow them to do it and move at their own pace, but what we're going to try to do is incent them do it rather than beat them with the stick to do it.
Keith E. Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. What would be some of those incentives, outside of pricing?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: As an example, some of the other cloud connected services.
Keith E. Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So you will have access to them in one product, but not in the other, would be an example of something like that.
Keith E. Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: So a desktop subscription would have it, but the maintenance -
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Traditional one would not.
Keith E. Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Okay.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And we can do this differentially, how we're applying this consumption based models around things like cloud credits, so we can vary how many they have, we can vary what services they have access to. There were actually a fair number of knobs and dials in there. We're a little bit – kid of little bit at this point to say exactly what they are, partially because we don't fully understand, we want to understand our customers reactions to the incentives as put them in place.
Keith E. Weiss - Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC: Got it. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Ashley of Robert W. Baird. Please go ahead.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. I'd just like to ask about AutoCAD LT. I know that you were thinking of transitioning the pricing there from licensing to subscription. Just wondering where we are with that. And if there is a transition to subscription, is that having an impact on the revenue growth in that product group?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yes. We've started making desktop subscriptions available, customers are definitely taking advantage of it. LT is one of the places where it's a natural for a certain class of customers particularly those who are price sensitive for upfront – upfront they have to pay. And yes, every customer we try to move to desktop subscription affects revenue in the short-term.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Yes. And my other question was just around the EBA business. How did the amount of business you did in the fourth quarter compare to the amount you had done in the third quarter?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Substantially higher. Almost half of it was done in the fourth quarter.
Richard Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, sequentially Steve it was more than double quarter-on-quarter. The number of transactions greater than a $1 million. So it was strong growth.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Perfect.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And I'd just say in general, I mean, we have been – I can't say it's strong, how great the EBA business has been, just in general, the investment we made in working with our large customers. This came about a number of years ago, where we recognized that we really build an incredibly strong portfolio of products and even some of our best customers didn't know about it. And in many ways some of our more traditional channels were not in a position of convincing the largest companies in the world of what we actually had. And so we made a fairly large investment in selling direct or selling in conjunction with our best partners and it has made a huge difference and I think as we outlined at our Analyst Day, we still think there's a lot more there. So we still think this is a big source of growth over the next few years and each quarter keeps improving it.
Steve M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co., Inc. (Broker): Great. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brent Thill of UBS. Please go ahead.
Brent John Thill - UBS Securities LLC: Thank you. Carl, on manufacturing, it was surprisingly strong, versus what some of your competitors have said. I'm curious what you're seeing, in terms of share gains versus your peers. Combined with execution, what would you say that you're seeing there? And I had a quick follow-up for Scott.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Sure, Brent. I think there are two aspects. So one, on the little bit more bearish, I think I fall into the same category of some of our competitors around the worldwide economy. I mean, in that way, I mean there is a little bit of noise in the emerging economies, I think for manufacturing, the place that probably gives all of us the most concerned is Japan, that despite all their efforts, they just can't seem to jumpstart the economy. So, there is a little bit of macroeconomic concern on the much more bullish side. I think there are two things going on right now. I think we've had solid execution. As I said in the previous answer to Steve, I think we have great offerings for our customers that we built over a long period of time. The second thing that's adding to this is what we are doing on the cloud. A number of our competitors have just chosen at this point not to do anything substantial there. And I think this will change over time, I don't think this is an advantage that we will have forever, but we invested heavily in PLM 360, we just brought the part of PLM that most people think of this PLM, really data management or document management to the cloud, which greatly expands the opportunity there. What we are doing in the Fusion 360 is really kind of reinventing how CAD will be used in the future. So, and I think people are recognizing it. The reason why I led in about our estimate of 90% new users is both in PLM and in Fusion, those are all share gains. Every one of those is not a new CAD or PLM customer. They've been using previous things and as we've surveyed what they're using, they're coming from the very traditional legacy products. And so, we're really pleased with that. And so, that's certainly helping our growth.
Brent John Thill - UBS Securities LLC: Okay. And just as a quick follow-up for Scott on operating margins, 13% to 15% guided. It seems fairly conservative, assuming that you still want to hit your 30% ramp. Maybe if you could just walk through that progression and what you think is going to be the big impact this year on margins, given your size. I think everyone was hoping for a little bit more.
Richard Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Sure, Brent. If you look at our Q4 results, you see Op margins that are in the just below 13% range. So, but we are looking for improvement year-on-year. And I think there's a couple of things that are driving that. One is obviously, top line growth, albeit muted by some of the FX impacts. The second is, we are – I think the team has done a really nice job of looking to rebalance and reprioritize everywhere they can, so that as we make some of these required investments to make the business model transitioned, whether it's investments we have to make in the sales team or inside the R&D teams or back-office systems and cloud infrastructure, we're doing a lot of that by rebalancing internally. So, you see kind of the implied spend growth for fiscal 2016, despite of the lower than the spend growth that you saw on fiscal 2015, and those are the things that are contributing to the Op margin for next year.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And I think just in general, as you think about the transition Brent, the more successful we are at transitioning quickly, it's just arithmetic that revenue and EPS, and margin get affected by it. And I think we've looked at this quite closely and we decided that, on balance the best thing we can possibly do is move as quickly as we can, mostly modulated by our customers' needs. So, that's really what's been driving. And so, we want to move quickly and to the extent that we're more successful at it, it has an arithmetic impact. On the other hand, every one of those dollars that you see on the booking side, is money in the bank that comes back to the operating margin and EPS.
Brent John Thill - UBS Securities LLC: Understand. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heather Bellini of Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Heather Anne Bellini - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Great. Thank you. I have two quick questions. One, Carl, I was wondering if you could share with us, I know you've had some initiatives underway where you were trying to reduce your churn rate in Q4 and focus on trying to drive higher renewal rates. I was wondering if you could share with us some of the success you might have seen from some of the initiatives you've been put in place. And then the second question just follows up on what Brent was asking. If we look beyond this year, at analyst day, you talked about how you thought you could keep OpEx growth sub 5%, as you look out. And that last year was a [year in] investment, and it seems like this year you're getting some investment. Obviously, we get the model transitions. But is there, can you give us some clarity as how you see the company growing OpEx as you look out beyond this year? What's required, in terms of investments? Thank you.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Yeah. I think both Scott and I, can jump in on both of these. I mean, bunch of positive stuff about making sure that more customers attached and renewed. And this one was in the – this was in a camp of simple execution. We just started paying attention to it and measuring it and putting people, giving it to people, as a day job, working with – closely with our partners and we did – we've done much better.
Richard Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, and the results – Heather, on the renewal rates, we obviously don't close that, but I'll tell you the results year-on-year, both in the Q4 and for the full year, attached rate and renewal rate are both up materially year-on-year. But I think some of the disciplined and some of the increased focus that we put in place is a clearly paying dividends and as we see people making final purchases on upgrades and I think the same phenomenon will continue on final purchases on perpetual license, you see a very high attached rate, that also will bring along with it a high renewal rate.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. On the OpEx spend, I mean what we see is slightly higher than 5% growth in OpEx for this year, but that's kind of the area where we've been looking over the next three years, that kind of growth rate. Some of it is coming back from last year. We've built a hole, in some of the compensation programs, that really filled back in. The other thing is, again, as we've decided – as we've seen such success and wanted to accelerate the transition. There are two things that are consuming some of that is building out the cloud infrastructure to support that in terms of the stuff that supports actual customers and the other is the back office infrastructure, which needs to change fairly dramatically in order to support a very new business model. And so, those are the places to really think of it. A lot of the rest, looks like cost of living and then Scott already mentioned. We're doing a lot to move expenses from one part to the other. It's opaque from your point of view, but there is a lot of movement of expenses from one place to the other.
Heather Anne Bellini - Goldman Sachs & Co.: Thank you.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Thanks, good evening. Carl, I'd like to ask about the composition of your subscriber ads, that is to say, the sources of those numbers. Back at the analyst meeting, you talked about 2.9 million active users who were not, however, paying maintenance or subscription. It looks to us like the largest piece of that – or at least as large – is the BLP piece is what you've called upgraded but not attached. And that works out to at least 1.3 million. And what do you think the conversion rate could be of that very large base of non-subscribers, as part of your guidance for this year? And then secondly, with respect to the constant currency billings growth for FY16, that's a couple of points better than we had assumed. And yet, you've got at least a 10 point headwind for billings growth from the absence of upgrades, given that you seemingly had record upgrades in FY15. So perhaps, you could rank the sources of billings growth from the other components. For example, perpetuals, rentals, EFLAs. How are you thinking about the build to the billings growth from the various sources?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So, two things about it, Jay. So, on the first one, I think your model might me more detailed than ours. I'm not sure if I could actually tell you exactly where are you, I'm being slightly facetious here, but some of the customers actually kind of putting a tag on them and realize which bucket they're coming from, it's a little bit hard, because of the way, they may have been a customer and then re-enter with a new one or the way they've switched. So, it's a little bit harder to tag precisely than you might imagine. When you get to looking forward, there was a big question mark that I tried to outline in kind of the prepared remarks was, we're not quite sure we did a number of experiments, but there are really two possible behaviors going forward as we get rid of perpetual licenses. Some of our customers will definitely choose to hoard those licenses, if you will, they like the way they buy it now, they'd like to buy more of those, and others will see the advantages with the new model and move to flexible licensing. That's one of the big variables out there. We modeled primarily on the overall number. The number of people that will get new licenses, and most of the variability in our modeling is around how much is in the first pile versus how many people are in that second pile. And as we see the year play out and as we move into the first quarter and second quarter, we will be able to give you a little bit clearer guidance on what we're seeing, but, right now, we're shooting a little bit in the dark to know in which group they exactly fall into.
Richard Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Jay, this is Scott. The only thing I would add to that is what we saw with the end of life of upgrades this year's very high attach rate on maintenance. And if so, of course, we'll get that tail through next year in the revenue stream; on the billing side, I think, we expect to see that same kind of high attach rate to the customers that decide to buy perpetual and hoard, right.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Yeah.
Richard Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: So, I think there is besides though, the mix of which way they buy, I think we'll also see a very high acceptance.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I mean, I think, if you look really the gates we've setup is that, in the end, regardless of the way they buy, they end up as a subscriber.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Thank you.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're welcome, Jay.
Operator: Our next question comes from Philip Winslow, Credit Suisse. Please go ahead.
Philip Alan Winslow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Hi, guys. Thanks, guys. Congrats on a great quarter and outlook. I want to focus in on vertical by industry because, Carl, I know you talked a lot about – you can't talk about by geography, just geographies or industries. When you think about what led to the improving growth that you guys have seen, does any vertical by geo stand out to you that has gotten better versus what you saw in the past? As you all contemplate the billings guidance for this year, how did you incorporate some of those changes versus, let's say, what verticals by geo were running at previously?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. I'll give you my impression, Scott feel free to jump in. I've started out when the U.S. was strong and I mean, U.S. Re was strong all through the year, and that made a big difference. I think there have been some nervousness around Northern Europe and Central Europe, that did pretty well. And for much of the year, many parts of Asia did well, like I said, the places that are on my radar right now in terms of the ones I'm more worried about, are Japan and obviously Russia. Russia business has been reduced dramatically, and I worry on an ongoing basis, and in Japan despite all the economic stimulus and government action, they seem somewhat enabled to jump start more growth. And both of those are important markets for us. So, that's the part I worry about. I think if you look more broadly, I think there is two things going on in different industries. I think the adoption of BIM in Asia, is still a big thing. It's not nearly fully adopted. I might even guess that it's half. There is still a lot of way to go. We're seeing lot more government initiatives, we're seeing lot more projects, beginning to adopt it. And so we're still in the middle of a very strong technology transition, within the AEC industry, that's actually many ways getting broader as it reaches out to construction companies, when we talked about through mobile technologies, it gets there delivering real time information in the field. On the manufacturing side, I think there is – as has been historically true, lots of pressure on manufacturers. They're looking for better ways to develop products, they're looking for new answers. Many of our traditional competitors have kind of turned their back on medium potatoes if you will of the industry, of giving people CAD software that actually gets their job done and making better software. And they've gotten interested in other parts and other ways of serving customers. And we've been happy to fill-in that void. And I think that's going to continue. The second thing is particularly the companies that are under a lot of pressure in terms of product innovation and reducing their time to market. They're really looking for new technology. They are looking how to figure out, how to manage distributed teams, building products, much more willing to kind of break the norms, look at cloud and mobile technology for both PLM and for CAD. And I think we're clearly the leader there, we've been out there with both of our CAD and PLM products for two years and that's making a huge difference.
Richard Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah, Phil, the only thing I'd add is. Carl touched on lot of the bright spots, geographically. U.S. was bright, Germany was bright, across Northern Europe was bright. I think the other one that not quite at the same scale, but it was particularly strong in terms of growth there was China in Q4. So, you see the overall APAC growth rate and it's definitely weighted down by what's happening in Japan. I think what might be a little bit easier to point out is the places that things didn't go well, and Japan was one of those, Russia was one of those, and on a much smaller scale Brazil was one of those, but we had a little bit of tough quarter.
Philip Alan Winslow - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker): Got it. Great, guys. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Matt Hedberg of RBC Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Matt Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC: Yes. Thanks for taking my question. Carl, what percentage of your business goes through the online store today? And what might that look like once we get through this transition? And maybe as a follow-up to that, how does the channel feel about this move to the online store, over time?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: So, right now, it's relatively small. The online store is a negligible for – I mean, and it's – the placement has any – it's in the U.S., is certainly the largest proportion of that. The other thing that we have talked about for a long time, we've always used the, eStore as a way to base the prices. So everything there is at list price. And then, we don't control end user of pricing, but that is the one place where we do. So people tend to look at our eStore. They get reference prices from there, but more often the smaller customers transact in one or two ways with our more traditional partners or with some of the larger volume partners, I think, CDW or Dell, or Amazon. So it's much more a price reference. Now, I think as you go through this transition, I think there can be some change there on some of the things, and in particular I actually think this is going to be a win-win for us and our partners, the places where I'm most interested in seeing business go through the eStore for the transactions that are not cost effective for our partners. And I don't want to see our partners wasting their time on things where they don't make money. And if we can provide electronic ways to do that that's great. Second thing, I'd say is we're starting to see electronic outlooks popup through our partners and distributors. And it's clearly the way some of our customers want to buy. So, I think there will be a greater variety of choices out there, but for all of us it's driving greater efficiency in the business.
Matt Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets LLC: That's great. Very helpful. Thank you.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're welcome, Matt.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Davis of Canaccord. Please go ahead.
Richard Hugh Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Hey, thanks. Carl, I have my own opinions, but I was curious what your thoughts are. A lot of your competitors are not aggressively switching to cloud. You guys are. Look, I mean, I think you're on the right side of history. Are you seeing any, I mean, you see it in the numbers, but how do you think about, would people just go, Oh, man, I don't want to do this cloud stuff. It's CB radio with more typing, or whatever? And would you lose people in that? Is there any risk of that, or how do you triangulate around that? Thanks.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, sure. That's a funny question, Richard. But it's a serious question. So, let me answer it this way. There are certainly customers now who don't see the cloud is the inevitability that I see it. And for them we continue to offer desktop products, there is the intermediate ground of desktop connected products. So, you can continue to work like you did behind the firewall relatively isolated. You can also work in ways that allow you take advantage of cloud services. So, you get some, but maybe not all of the benefits. So you can kind of modulate your behavior, according to your tolerance. On the other hand, it's – I guess I've been around long enough and watched enough of these transitions to recognize kind of the inevitability. And, I was around when people said CAD will never be done on a PC, it has to be done on the mainframe, I was there when it said, you can never design a car on a PC, it had to be done on a workstation. Every car in the world today is designed on a PC. And in the same way, every bit of enterprise software is moving to the cloud. You've already seen it, it happened with ERP, and HR, and CRM. So you look at what's going on and it's very hard to imagine a world in which all of your IT is cloud-based except somehow some part of product development. It makes very little sense, and particularly I think there is a better reason other than just kind of this inevitability argument, that I think is important. If you think of the challenges that most companies are wrestling with, they build these products in large distributed teams. Many of them will tell you whether this is the supply chain and manufacturing or the companies that come together in construction, that the biggest problem is in communication and coordination. So in some ways, there is nothing particularly rationale about having a behind the firewall solution for a constellation of companies and people that need to work together, that what you really want is the IT structure to mirror the structure – the economic structure of the people participating and I think the cloud serves that. I've outlined this before, but if you just wanted to go, get down to press tax with the cloud through our customers, there is two big things thus far. It gives them the ability to do large, on-demand computing for their most difficult engineering problems, and whether that's analysis, simulation or visualization, that is an important part. The second one is a less computing intensive task, but really critical to what they do every day, which is this coordination, and collaboration. And the cloud is a central coordination point, and as you watch many of the other companies in the different parts of the industry, gain these advantages, it all comes about by having the centralized coordinating point. So, three years or four years ago, when we started on this journey, I think it was a lot more suspect. I think, as the days go by, you get more and more convinced that we're – we're certainly on the right side of the history on this one.
Richard Hugh Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Inc.: Got it. Thanks.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: You're welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sterling Auty from JPMorgan. Please go ahead.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Yes, thanks. Hi, guys. I was wondering, I think you pushed back the actual elimination of the upgrade price by 30 days, if I'm not mistaken.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Any sense of what that actually did to the subscriber count in the quarter, meaning, obviously, that spilled it over into the first quarter. But any way to quantify that?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: No. That's really hard for us to tell. All we saw was that there was a huge rush at the end. And, because of that, we wanted any of our customers who wanted to take advantage of it. We did and we just gave a little bit of an outlet to it, so that – they had a little bit more time, for whatever reason, they were enable the process fee orders in that timeframe. So, but it's hard for us. I mean we will see the spike and at the end of quarter we'll know much more about it, but it's really hard for us to predict right now what it is.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Okay. And then, in terms of the transition, you mentioned a year from when you eliminate perpetual, you'll start to see the rebound. What I'm curious about is, what do you anticipate being the end of the transition? In other words, is it three years until you go through the customer base and get back to the point where the income statement would be "normalized"?
Richard Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yes, Sterling. This is Scott. I think the – thinking through the elimination of perpetual which we've already announced for a standalone products, we saw a perpetual license out there for suites and haven't made an announcement there yet, but have said the 12 months to 24 months from the time that was announced that the all perpetual new license sales would end. At that point you anniversary the date of the last sales of perpetual license and that's when some of the traditional methods that are in the P&L like reported revenues, and then down the stream into op margin and EPS will also begin to get back to a steady state. So I like exactly what Carl said in the opening commentary, at the point that we anniversary the quarter where there's no more perpetual license sales is where we start to hit a more steady state again.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. The only thing I'd remind everyone because we've had lots of questions on this, is during that period it doesn't have to be blind faith. I mean as we've shown is billings and subscriptions both matter and they will be going – we've talked about how they will rise substantially and you can track that. And...
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Deferred revenue.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: And deferred revenue certainly. As you watch those other metrics and in some ways what we're saying is the metrics change, really, around just the calculations involved, but you can – they are almost perfect proxies for the health of the business. So, I think you can look at that. When we come out of it, I think it maybe in a different – maybe different place, again we'll go back to revenue and op margin, EPS being more normalized. But they're still maybe more interest in billings and subs and deferred revenue, just because of the model transition. So, if anything I think at the end, there will be more metrics that give an indication of the health of the business, but through the transition there is plenty to look at to gauge our progress.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: No, that's certainly the case. And we saw that with Cadence Design and Aspen Technology and Ariba and a number of others that have gone through this. But one of the questions that always comes up, and we're seeing this more recently with Aspen technology, that's finishing their transition, is where you come out. So when you eliminate perpetual, you're going to have the inevitable dip in that first year. That second year, your revenue, probably, doesn't make it back to where it was previously because the layering effect, I wouldn't imagine, unless there's going to be something different here. So that's why I'm asking when do you get at least back to where you started before the elimination of perpetual, maybe use that as the gauge?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. It's really, Sterling, a question of the rate and pace that our customers move from traditional licensing over to desktop – our desktop subscription license or to cloud. And we are working that process beginning this year to try and move people as quickly as we can over to the some of the newer subscription and ratable revenue model styles. But the rate and pace that they adopt that will really dictate what the shape of the curve is when it's finished.
Richard Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: Yeah. Unlike you saw this year, I'm really pleased with the results, but we were imperfect in our projection of what would happen this year. We didn't truly understand it at the beginning and it turned out to be very good and when we certainly course corrected along the way and I expect through the next year or two we will be doing the same as we gauge the behavior of our customers and partners, relative to the offerings we're putting out there.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Securities LLC: All right, super, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Saket Kalia from Barclays. Please go ahead.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Hey, guys. Thanks for squeezing me in, here. First, maybe for Scott, in terms of license revenue this year, you've obviously got a headwind from the discontinuation of the upgrade program, perhaps some headwind from proactive customers ahead of your perpetual license deadline, and then, maybe a little bit of tailwind from perpetual license hoarding. So a lot of moving parts. How should we think about where license revenue ultimately ends up this year, with all those different moving parts?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, Saket we're not going to obviously provide guidance at that level of granularity, but I will tell you that what's going to drive the growth of perpetual this year is the announcement around end of life on standalone products. So if you look at the prepared remarks the document with all the 17 pages worth of data, one of the statistics in there is 37% of our revenues are suite base, right. So you can begin to, then, peel back to what is standalone product-based. And then on the license side, it's probably a little bit higher than that 37% number. So think of that chunk of our license revenues and that customer set, having a last opportunity to buy perpetual license. That's what's going to drive the license line. On the subscription line it's the same trend that we saw this year, it's high attach rate on the upgrade sales that will continue through the year and turn into maintenance revenues. Also high attach rate we expect on perpetual license sales, as we hit that end of life toward the end of the year. So, those things will drive the subscription line.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Got it. Got it. And then, for my follow-up, you said that perpetual will, effectively, be gone in the next, in roughly 24 months. Have you thought about, or, rather, how have you thought about the behavior of your customers that are buying perpetual license for suites, in terms of your guidance? Do you think they pause for a potentially similar change, maybe seeing the writing on the wall, or how have you thought about that for 2016?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: I think there's, I mean, I think, there are a handful of customers who are following this very closely. I think many customers actually contemplate these things on an as needed basis. We certainly, due to some degree, follow this much more closely than most of our customers. I think the customers who're paying really close attention can, we've more than telegraphed. We've explicitly said what the plan has been, and we've talked about it for at least a year. So, I think they understand it. Unlike I said before, I think there are two behaviors that will drive, some people will decide to buy ahead of the announcement, and others will decide to move to a more flexible offering. And as we go through this year, we'll be able to figure out what's there. I think the other thing we're able to do is, I think we're able to kind of turn the dials to adjust what we've – what we'd like to see.
Saket Kalia - Barclays Capital, Inc.: Very helpful. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brendan Barnicle of Pacific Crest Securities. Please go ahead.
Brendan John Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities LLC: Thanks so much. Carl, following up on Sterling's question about these model transitions, as he said, we've seen them a few times. And one of the things that we have looked at has been free cash flow in lieu of EPS. As we think about this model transition, would free cash flow be likely to bottom next year? And when might we start to see that inflection and turnaround in free cash flow, knowing that's going to come, probably, ahead of the changes in the more traditional revenue and EPS metrics.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. Brendan, we're not going to obviously forecast fiscal 2017 at this point. I would tell you though the free cash flow and the operating cash flows will follow closely along with the billings as opposed to anything in the – reported revenues in the P&L.
Brendan John Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities LLC: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gregg Moskowitz from Cowen and Company. Please go ahead.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Thank you very much. Carl, you mentioned that you saw a strong consequential growth from non-maintenance subscriptions, which I think is a little different than what you've called out before. Can you elaborate what you saw on that front? Was that strength really from the EBAs, or was there a change as well with regards to desktop subscription and your cloud?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: In both.
Richard Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: It is both.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Both things strongly grew. And, like I said, I think desktop, desktop subscriptions will have a more consistently increasing profile, whereas I think EBAs will still be subject to that seasonality. But I think both will be – we'll continue on an upward trend, but what I was referencing, both of those substantially grew.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC: Okay. Terrific. And then, just a follow-up to Brent's question earlier. Just wondering if you're still comfortable with reaching 30% operating margins by FY18. It would seem pretty difficult to get there if you only end up doing 13% to 15% this year.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. One of the things I would just say is that, as you work your models, it's very different when you're at 13% or 15%. Because your expenses and revenue aren't aligned, when it comes about because of the way we account for it, in some ways you are putting money in the bank. And so, the growth rate that you can see in EPS or operating margin is dramatically different than happens under normalized conditions. In some ways, the dollar you put away today that you don't recognize comes back even though to some extent, most of the expense of that has already been – we've already spent that money. So, I think we've spent a lot of time looking at this and what you get as you come out of this is dramatic increases, unlike increases we've seen in any other year and that speaks to the how well we will do in that year. What we're really doing is we're just putting money in the cookie jar right now. And so, I think if you look at it through that lens – kind of simplistic corner store mentality lens, you kind of get it, the only reason it's not dropping to the bottom line now is through the accounting rules, not due to the fundamental economics of the business.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Walter Pritchard from Citi. Please go ahead.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Hi, thanks. I'm wondering there's a lot of moving parts in the subscriber numbers. And I'm wondering when you think you'll be in the position, or what are you looking for to take place before you're going to start to give us some more visibility into the composition of the subscribers that you have and that you add every quarter?
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah, Walter. The subscriptions numbers are still overwhelmingly driven by maintenance subscriptions. And so, while we're seeing strong growth in both cloud and desktop, certainly strong growth year-on-year but sequentially very strong growth in those numbers, they're still small and so we're still overwhelmingly driven by maintenance subscriptions as the other two become material, and we think there is a benefit in breaking that out, of course we'll do so.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): And then, Scott, I guess related to that, we've noticed on your website, you're doing a pretty significant discount for the desktop subscription on an annual basis. And should we start thinking about the desktop subscription pricing and the maintenance pricing coming together and, ultimately, the offerings also coming together? To some degree that, once somebody is on them they have the same value. I guess you've talked about providing maybe some more value on the desktop side. But should we start to think about those two coming together in terms of.
Richard Scott Herren - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President: No, I wouldn't think about it that way, as we talked about before, we've said in the first year, we can provide incentives for folks to get there. There is nothing that says we need to do that in subsequent years. And I'd really think of the economics of each of these customers differently. The other customers have paid a large upfront amount and to some degree deserve to pay less per year, whereas the ones who get this lower upfront cost can pay more over time. But I think in terms of getting people into the system, we will definitely continue to experiment with different price points and see what the results of that are. That's one other things that we've talked about. But if I read through the lines, and what you're saying I would not model these two things as identical, I think that would be a large mistake.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. The other lever there, Walt, of course is to use value, to attract customers to the cloud and desktop offerings based on the value that they provide and differentiate the value of those offerings versus maintenance.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. (Broker): Okay, understood.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kash Rangan from Merrill Lynch. Please go ahead.
Kasthuri Gopalan Rangan - Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Hi. Thank you very much. Can you give us a quick update on the folks that have installed licenses but are not on maintenance? I think there was an emphasis on getting as many of them as possible on subscription be it maintenance or pure subscription. And I believe that program also had a finite time period. Can you give us an update on how that is coming along? And also, with respect to the variability of customers falling under either a subscription, the different kinds, how confident are you in your targets? Because the targets seem to be fairly firm in FY18 of a certain level of billings and operating margin implying a certain level of earnings. It feels like there is a fair amount of variability between the two buckets. Just wanted to get your comments on that because that was said about a year back, but obviously things have come together in a different way. Just wanted to get your feel for that. Thank you.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Yeah. So what I would say in the short-term, I think looking at the short-term of moving the millions of people who are non-subscribers on. I think this will be an ongoing thing. I don't think there is any short-term phenomena there. I think there will be incentives. We will continue to be incentives. The places that we encourage them to move will change as a programs change. But many of the 3 million customers are happy loyal customers and what we're trying to do is change the commercial arrangement between us. And we will continue to do that by making a variety of offerings. So there is nothing like that ended or expired. There is still a lot of options in terms of how we go and addressing ways to get those customers into the new model.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Koenig of Wedbush Securities. Please go ahead.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Hi. Thanks, gentlemen, for taking my question. You know, you spoke a little bit about the experiments you've run and how the different types of new flexible offerings might play out. I'm curious to get a little bit more color, perhaps, on subscribe to Autodesk, given that's more of a, maybe it could be seen as a replacement for the suites, a little bit more holistic approach to using a broad range of Autodesk products. Is that more impactful next year, as those licenses for other products besides the standalone products get curtailed, or does that have traction this year? How important is that in the next, say, 12 months to 18 months...
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Steve, I think you hit the nail on the head, I think it's a really important point. Yeah, what we're seeing is subscribe to Autodesk, which is a flexible licensing program for everyone from our smallest to our midsize customers, the people who aren't involved in like those EBAs. Those are mostly replacements, in our mind, for suites. Certainly some people have single products, will also find that attractive, it also starts to deal with some of the network licensing things even on our single products. There is a network licensing component, many of our customers even on the LT deploy these in groups and subscribe to Autodesk begins to address that as well. We hadn't announced detailed plans, but just to answer your question more pointedly, it will have the bigger impact of following year than it will this year.
Steve R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities, Inc.: Great. Thanks a lot, Carl. That's all I got.
Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director: Okay. Got it.
Operator: This concludes our Q&A session. I'll now turn it back to David Gennarelli for closing remarks.
David Gennarelli - Director-Investor Relations: That concludes our call today. If you have any follow-up questions, you can reach me at 415-507-6033. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's conference. Thank you for your attendant. You may now disconnect. Everyone, have a great day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2014-11-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Gennarelli - IR Carl Bass - CEO Scott Herren - CFO 
Analysts: Brent Thill - UBS  Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley  Walter Pritchard - Citi Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities  Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs  Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen & Company  Saket Kalia - Barclays Sterling Auty - JPMorgan  Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities  Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird  Matt Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets  Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch  Matt Williams - Evercore Steve Koenig - Wedbush
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to third quarter fiscal 2015 Autodesk earnings conference call. [Operator instructions.] I would now like to turn the call over to David Gennarelli, senior director of investor relations. Please go ahead, sir.
David Gennarelli: Thanks, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our third quarter. Also on the line is Carl Bass, our chief executive officer, and Scott Herren, our CFO. Today’s conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. As noted in our press release, we have published our prepared remarks on our website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments, and we will not repeat them on this call. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the anticipated future performance of the company, such as our guidance for the fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2015; long-term financial model guidance, including billings, subscriptions, and recurring revenue growth; the factors we use to estimate our guidance; new business model introductions; new product and suite releases; market adoption and expected growth rates; business execution; business prospects and financial results, our market opportunities and strategies including our desktop subscription offerings plan; our transition to cloud and mobile computing; trends and sales initiatives for our products; and trends in various geographies and industries. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment, based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time to time with the SEC, specifically our Form 10-K for the fiscal year 2014, our Form 10-Q for the periods ended April 30 and July 31, 2014, and current reports on Form 8-K, including the form 8-K filed with today’s press release and prepared remarks.  Those documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information.  Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today’s call, but will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today’s press release, prepared remarks, and on the Investor Relations section of our website.  We will quote a number of numeric or growth changes as we discuss our financial performance, and unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. And now, I would like to turn the call over to Carl.
Carl Bass: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon everyone. Much like last quarter, our third quarter results reflect strength across industries, geographies, and products. We continue to make meaningful progress in our business model transition to a more recurring subscription based business, adding approximately 121,000 subscriptions, which includes 25,000 Delcam subscriptions that were not previously captured. As a result, the third revenue increased significantly to a record $1 billion, a milestone for Autodesk. All three of our major geographies, as well as emerging economies, grew double digits on a constant currency basis, led by growth in EMEA. Similar to last quarter, the areas in which we’re seeing weakness are those affected by geopolitical turmoil.  We also experienced strength in transactions greater than $1 million. These large deals were spread across all the major geographies, and fairly even spread between [AEC] and manufacturing. While the number of these large transactions increased nearly 60%, the total value of these large transactions increased over 200%. Our investments in enterprise sales and consulting services have directly led to the increase in large deals and the size of these transactions. Many of these large deals were flexible enterprise licensing agreements. In addition to being a great benefit for our customers, these token-based contracts create a larger recurring revenue stream, which is recognized ratably. These agreements are also contributing to our subscription growth as we’re experiencing increased use of our cloud services. Third quarter license revenue would have been approximately $26 million higher before the impact of flexible enterprise license agreements.  The environments for global construction, coupled with the continued customer excitement for our desktop and cloud-based BIM tools resulted in a strong Q3 for our AEC business. Anchored by [unintelligible], our BIM portfolio continues to resonate with customers across segments, but especially in construction.  We closed several large deals with construction companies that include BIM 360, which continues to be one of Autodesk’s fastest growing products ever. The AEC suites grew 23%. The large AEC deals that we closed during the quarter were across all geographies, including deals with four of the top 25 E&R design firms. Our manufacturing team delivered strong growth of 20% in Q3. Growth was driven by wins in large verticals including industrial machinery, consumer products, and automotive. Strength in our core product design suite is leading the growth, but we are really encouraged by what we are seeing with our cloud-based products. We are particularly pleased with the customer response to Fusion 360. It is the next generation cloud-based CAD system for mechanical engineers and industrial designers. We put Fusion 360 on the Mac App Store last quarter, and within a few days, there were over 100,000 downloads. Not only are small customers using it, but we’re increasingly seeing large customers adopt it, often replacing their traditional desktop tools. With PLM 360, we added many new customers, and perhaps even more encouraging is that we continue to see customers returning to purchase additional seats.  Three of our top five PLM 360 deals were based in EMEA, where we are showing a lot of progress. We also closed our largest-ever manufacturing deal in Q3. This was an eight-figure transaction covering design, simulation, data management, and consulting. It was also our biggest PLM 360 win to date.  The customer is a Fortune 500 industrial and technology company. It’s a story we’ve heard for years. They’ve been struggling with their legacy PLM system and began looking for a cost-effective, scalable alternative that would integrate easily with their other business systems. Rather than spending millions more dollars on their old PLM system, they’re using PLM 360. We believe this is only the beginning of the cloud-based PLM revolution. It is easier to deploy, easier to configure, and a lot less expensive than legacy PLM systems.  This quarter, we announced our plans to introduce cloud-based data management to complement the existing cloud-based PLM. Our business model transition is gaining momentum. We’ve added 285,000 subscriptions through the first three quarters of thank you. This has been a fantastic start that is well ahead of our initial expectations. The discontinuation of the upgrade program at the end of this fiscal year is helping drive our [maintenance] subscriber count. It’s not surprising that we’ve seen a lot of customers take advantage of the upgrade program, and we are experiencing a higher maintenance subscription attach rate with these upgrades. What we’re really encouraged about is the contribution we’re getting from desktop and cloud subscriptions. AutoCAD LT has quickly become our leading desktop subscription offering. As we mentioned at our investor day event last month, a meaningful portion of our desktop subscription customers are new to Autodesk, and about half are subscribing by purchasing through our e-store. Those are great early trends. Cloud subscriber growth remains very high and similar to desktop subscription. It’s bringing a significant number of new users to Autodesk. Our cloud-based project collaboration tool, A360, is still in limited release, and we’re very encouraged by some of the early indicators for that product. Our mobile and cloud-based products are being adopted by our customers, which validates the investments and focus we’ve put into these products. Autodesk has moved quickly to establish a leadership position in cloud and mobile and in many ways, we’re just getting started.  The early success we’ve experienced with our business model transition has in part led us to accelerate the process. As we outlined last month, we plan to stop selling new perpetual offerings over the next 12 to 24 months. Stay tuned for more details around this over the coming months, as we start to discuss specifics with our customers and channel partners regarding these plans. Given our strong Q3 performance, we’ve raised our FY15 guidance ranges for billings revenue and subscriptions. The advancements we’ve been making in cloud and mobile are just beginning to show up in these metrics.  Earlier this year, I called out that operating margin is muted for a number of reasons, including the impact from the business model transition, investments we’re making in our cloud infrastructure, the dilutive effect of the Delcam acquisition, as well as incremental investment spending on key initiatives. Additionally, commissions and our employee incentive program are volume-related and increased based on our better-than-expected billings performance. Lastly, I’m very pleased that earlier this month, Scott Herren joined Autodesk as our CFO and is joining me on this call. Scott brings with him a broad mix of financial sales and product management experience. His leadership experience at Citrix will benefit Autodesk in our model transition over the coming years. I’d like to thank Sue Pirri, who did a great job leading our finance organization during the interim, as well as the rest of the finance team. So to wrap things up, we were really pleased with our overall results in Q3. The year has shaped up to be stronger than our initial view, and we remain confident in our long term business model transition goals of 12% billing CAGR, 20% more customer value, 50% more subscriptions, and 30% operating margins. As you know, a key element of our model transition is ending perpetual offerings over the next 12 to 24 months. While we are not providing FY16 guidance at this time, keep in mind that doing so will impact the top line profitability in the short term. As always, we will monitor global economic conditions as well as currency movements as we head toward FY16. We look forward to building onto early successes and transitioning Autodesk to a more profitable and recurring subscription-based model over the coming years. Operator, we’d now like to open the call up for questions. 
Operator: [Operator instructions.] The first question comes from Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill: Carl, the last couple of quarters on the billings you’ve obviously done really well, mid-20% growth, yet the fiscal guide at 15% to 17% would just imply a stronger falloff in the next quarter. What’s your sense in terms of is that just a conservative view on your behalf for the fourth quarter? And I’m just curious if that eight-figure deal, how that is going to be recognized.
Carl Bass: Yes, the eight-figure deal is a ratable deal, and so it will be taken over a longer period of time. The one thing we said about the changing model during this year is that promotional incentives got weaker towards the end of the year. So while we’ve exceeded it for all the quarters so far, we’re always a little bit cautious, because the incentives to do so go down. As we get to the fourth quarter, the incentive is eliminated, except for the fact that it’s expiring. So there’s less financial incentive, there’s greater time-based pressure. Trying to wrap those two together, that’s where we ended up as our guidance.
Operator: The next question comes from Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss: It looks like really strong progress in the business model transition. I was wondering if we could kind of sort of cut off at the head what’s going to be probably the biggest bear case out there of how do we know that we’re not pulling forward potential demand out of FY16 with this strength this year? How do you guys get comfortable with that you’re going to be sort of able to sustain the pace of maybe like billings growth, if you will, as we go through further into this business model transition?
Carl Bass : The first one, for me, Keith, is getting more people on maintenance subscription is not a pull-through. And so I’ve actually had a little bit of a hard time just reckoning about that, because we have customers who were not on maintenance who are now on maintenance. It’s a big thing. Any way I look at it, I think that’s the best possible outcome for us, to get a nonsubscriber on subscription. We’ve also talked about, as we’re moving forward, that while this is a promotion for this year, we’ve talked a lot about what we’re going to do next year in terms of ending perpetual licenses. In many ways, that’s probably a bigger incentive for our customers to do something differently. And I don’t know if I can help you take the bear and put it up on the wall, mount it, and stuff it, but I think some of the arguments out there are trying to extrapolate from too few facts, or to take this one thing and say, you know, this is the only incentive program that will work with our customers. And I don’t really think that’s true.
Keith Weiss : If I could potentially sneak one last one in, just in terms of the mix of the subscriptions that we are seeing, is it remaining relatively constant with the strong heavily weighting towards the maintenance subscriptions, or are you starting to see a richer mix of desktop subscriptions in there?
Carl Bass : It’s richer, but it’s still heavily, heavily subscription, because that’s the one being promoted. And the others are off small bases, so we like the trajectory of the other ones, but in terms of meaningful financial contribution, it’s maintenance. And while we’ve said it may slow down going into the fourth quarter, I think the proportion will remain somewhat constant. 
Operator: The next question comes from Walter Pritchard with Citigroup.
Walter Pritchard:   Just a question as it relates to the token related deals. It sounded like in the first couple of quarters of the year you didn’t have as much business go that way. In the third quarter, you had about $26 million that was a headwind, and then it sounds like last year you had some impact, and I’m wondering if you can help us understand how you expect that business to ramp in the fourth quarter, and then do we expect to see a more significant uptick in that revenue stream as you go into fiscal 2016?
Carl Bass : Why don’t we start at the back end of that question? I think we’ve demonstrated over the last few years that this investment in enterprise sales and consulting services has really paid off. We tried to demonstrate it a little bit at investor day, where we showed you not only our customers paying more, they’re using more. This has been truly a win-win situation.  We’re going to continue to invest in it and even to our channel partners, the thing I say all the time is when we win these big enterprise accounts, it’s good for the whole ecosystem. So this is not at the expense of our channel partners. Quite the contrary. It is reinforcing business for our channel partners. So we’re going to continue to invest in it. We think we’ve barely tapped into it. We outlined that we’ve had kind of in the dozens of accounts that we’re talking to with this. And there’s probably upwards of 1,000 customers who will eventually move this way. And we’re going to keep doing it. Now, one of the things also about it, just to the timing that you talked about, we have always had a lot of these deals in Q4. Last year we made a conscious effort to move some of them into Q3. For a number of reasons, we like to spread it more fully throughout the year, but it is not fully within our control. And so I suspect it will always be a little bit back end loaded throughout the year, but just in general, the two takeaways are we’re going to continue to invest, because we think it’s really good business, and the second thing is this level of flexibility with products is something we hope to offer to a broader range of our customers, not just the top thousand accounts.
Walter Pritchard : And then just a question for Scott. Welcome aboard. It may be too early to ask you this quarter, and you don’t have all the history, but I look at your rates of revenue guide for the year and the operating margin guide for the year is sort of the lower half of where you were talking before, and you mentioned that you have more commissions being paid out, and we’ve seen this over time with Autodesk where if the performance is good, it impinges on the margins in the near term. Can you talk about how much of what’s going on on the incremental expense side here in the guide now has to do with that versus investments that you have to make more for the longer term?
Scott Herren: It’s both. We are investing in cloud infrastructure, buildout for the business model. We’re investing in the back office system so that we can handle the higher volume of transactions. Delcam is in there, which is hitting the op margin year on year, and I think the one unique thing that we see in Q4 is some of the volume related things that hit Q4 around both commissions and variable comp for the year. So I don’t think it makes sense to break that out, but I think the way you need to think about it is it’s a combination of both. The volume-related things in Q4, and some of those trends, the investment in the business model transition, frankly, will continue in the next year. 
Operator: The next question comes from Brendan Barnicle with Pacific Crest Securities.
Brendan Barnicle: Scott, just following up on Walter’s question, can we assume that margins have bottomed here, or given the model transition, particularly at the end of perpetual coming sometime over the next 12 to 24 months, should we expect that maybe margins go lower still? 
Scott Herren : We’re not giving guidance right now for fiscal 2016 and beyond, as you can appreciate. We’re in the midst of our fiscal 2016 planning right now. So I’m not at liberty at this point to talk about some of the longer term trends.
Brendan Barnicle : Well, as I think about how we think about modeling licenses, and those perpetuals essentially going away, is there a point next year that we may have a quarter where that license line just is at zero, and so we should be kind of preparing the models for that? 
Scott Herren : I’ll start, and then I’ll hand back off to Carl on this. Whether it’s next year or beyond, I think what we’ve said is we’re planning to end of life perpetual license in the next 12 to 24 months, and that of course is a big driver of that license line.
Carl Bass : Yeah, and the only thing I’d add, you know, I tried to give you guys a little bit more color when a number of you were here during investor day. One of the variables that we have the knobs and dials around this are whether we do all products at the same time or stagger it, and whether we do all geographies at the same time or not. So we do have some level of control over those things. What we were more indicating is directionally, by the end of the 24 months.  I think in some ways it would just be unusual operationally to drive to a place where we get to zero license revenue in a quarter, but directionally, I think you clearly understand where we’re headed.
Brendan Barnicle : As you have more of these eight-figure deals, like that large one that you mentioned that you’ll be recognizing over time, does it make sense at some point to share an off balance sheet bookings type number? 
Carl Bass : Welcome, Scott. [laughter]
Scott Herren : Yeah, thanks for that. You know, Brendan, I think it’s fairly straightforward. I know it’s a calculation that gets done today, and I think it’s not that difficult to pull it right out of the change in deferred revenue plus the announced revenues. So I don’t know that it’s that difficult a metric. It is something that we’ll talk about if it makes sense, besides guiding to a growth rate, just to start to guide to an absolute number and then report on that.
Brendan Barnicle : Scott, I was referencing those deals where you don’t bill all in advance, so we don’t see it on the deferred revenue, and you have some that’s off balance sheet.
Scott Herren : Oh, I’m sorry, you’re talking about the enterprise agreements specifically?
Brendan Barnicle : Right. As you do more of those and they become more material, is that going to be a metric we should start to look at, like we do for Salesforce or Microsoft’s contract on build? 
Scott Herren : I don’t actually have a plan. I would say it feels to me it’s a bit awkward to announce that, because all of the revenues there, all those enterprise agreements, are captured, or most of them are captured in the deferred revenue balance. So it feels a bit awkward that we split it out today, but I don’t have a plan to either continue to be more explicit on that or not.
Carl Bass : If it turns out that somehow it’s so opaque that you’re having trouble understanding it, then we’ll provide some clues to how to do that. I hope it becomes a problem. [laughs]
Operator: The next question comes from Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini: Carl, at the investor day last month, you mentioned that in fiscal 2016, you thought that you could add at least as many subs in that period as you add in fiscal 2015. And I guess I’m just wondering, would you still say that’s possible given your significant outperformance and your new sub-guidance for this year? And then I just had a follow up.
Carl Bass : I know what you’re trying to do. You’re trying to trick me into giving guidance for next year. [laughter]
Heather Bellini: [laughs] We would not do that. 
Carl Bass : I know that. You know what, I feel really good about the trajectory of the subs. I’d be a little hesitant to start guiding for subs for next year, but right now all I would say is all the curves on the subs look really good, and three months from now, in February, we’ll start trying to break it out. There’s nothing here that I see going in the wrong direction, but we’ll just wait the three months.
Heather Bellini : Okay, and then the follow up question was, I know you all have been working on some initiatives to help drive renewal rates higher, and I’m just wondering if you could share with us, are you seeing some of those initiatives start to pay off, and as a result, how have your renewal rates been trending? Because I know that’s big for Q4.
Carl Bass : Yeah, so the renewal rates are definitely being driven higher. Some is being driven programmatically, like we talked about with the end of upgrades, and some it’s just more attention to detail, if you will, about the nonrenewals. And so we’ve done a better job, we’ve put more systems in place, to track that. We’ve been [unintelligible] our partners and ourselves to do it. It’s edging up on small numbers, because [we’re at] a relatively high number, but it’s still a good direction and material.
Operator: The next question comes from Gregg Moskowitz with Cowen & Company.
Gregg Moskowitz: First question is for Carl. Just wondering if you saw any changes in the quarter with regard to the mix of new versus existing subscribers across both desktop as well as cloud?
Carl Bass : No, a lot of the trends we outlined in October are kind of continuing. And I think they’ll be relatively stable, but we’ll update them and if we see a material change we’ll talk about it. But we’re learning as we go too.
Gregg Moskowitz : Scott, wanted to ask where we are right now when it comes to the investments that you alluded to in back office systems and cloud infrastructure. When we look out over the next 12 to 18 months, how much of this lies ahead versus kind of what you guys have done already?
Scott Herren : It’s day 14 for me today, so what I’d say on that front is obviously those investments didn’t start just this quarter, they’ve been in flight. But I think it’s a significant transition, both in building out the cloud infrastructure for the world that we envision around desktop subscriptions as well as building out the back office systems to handle the significantly higher volume of transactions. So it’s still early innings on those investments. 
Operator: The next question comes from Saket Kalia from Barclays.
Saket Kalia: First, I realize it’s still early to provide guidance for fiscal 2016, but just given the moves that we’ve had in the euro and yen, can you just talk about how FX exposure might look next year compared to what you’ve hedged?
Carl Bass: As we’ve talked about, we always have the rolling hedge. We continue to have that. But FX will definitely be a headwind next year. [Or maybe it] moves the other way. If it just stayed where it is today, it’s definitely a headwind, and it gets more significant as we go out to the end of next year versus Q1 of next year.
Scott Herren : Yeah, if you look at our hedge program, it is layered out in time, and so obviously as the year goes on, the exposure from today goes up. But I’d say you can look at our revenue mix, you can see where we are. Obviously the euro is a significant currency for us. The yen’s a significant currency for us. And it’s something that we’ll take into account when we do provide guidance for fiscal 2016.
Saket Kalia : And then Carl, I think you said last quarter that the third quarter was a little bit slower in terms of subscribers coming from maintenance renewals compared to the fourth quarter. Is that still the case?
Carl Bass : If I said that, maybe I misspoke. I thought it was the other way. Generally speaking, what I thought is you’d see, in Q3, more subscribers in the small, medium part of our business. And what we would see is more enterprise agreements in Q4. And you know, that was really our best guestimate, as I said, on those two factors of the time-based nature of expiring, yet the financial incentives were going to zero.
Operator:  The next question comes from Sterling Auty from JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty:  On the enterprise flexible licensing agreements that you’ve got, can you give us a sense, what’s the average duration on those types of deals? So in other words, when would we expect the deals that you did this quarter to start coming back up for renewal?
Carl Bass : I’m not sure if I can give you the average, but typical is a three-year agreement. So that’s a very typical agreement, is a three year.
Scott Herren : And I think, Sterling, bear in mind these deals are largely ratable in terms of revenue. So they’ll drive a bit of lumpiness in the billing stream. It will be a little bit smoother on the revenue stream.
Sterling Auty: And then can you give us a sense of the linearity of the subscribers that you added through the quarter? Was it fairly linear, or did you see any particular patterns through the quarter? 
Carl Bass : If you take out the Delcam one, which is a one-time thing, but if you look at kind of the organic, it tracks pretty closely to the way you would have seen the seasonality around revenue historically. So a little bit heavier in the last month of the quarter, but not tremendously so. 
Sterling Auty : And then last question, I know you’re not giving us when in the 12 to 24 months you’re going to eliminate the perpetual licensing, but can you give us some of the factors that are kind of going into your decision process?
Carl Bass : Yeah, we’re looking at a number of things. We are working the program with our customers. We’ve engaged them and are talking heavily with them. We’re working with our partners. I mean, what we intended to do, as opposed to the kind of rip off the band aid strategy, was we were going to work through this slowly and deliberately. And we’re making sure we keep the business as intact as possible as we move through what’s a fairly big transition. 
Operator: The next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer: Carl, I’d like to ask first about the famous 2.9 million active base number from the analyst meeting. That is, customers who’ve purchased product but haven’t gone on maintenance. By our math, the largest piece of that, of the three main buckets, is customers who upgraded since fiscal 2010 through this year but didn’t for some reason take maintenance as well. Could you talk about why those customers would not have taken maintenance in spite of all the promotions and inducements you’ve had over the years for them to do so when they upgraded, and how do you now get them to convert? Then a follow up.
Carl Bass : When you go to Best Buy, do you buy that service contract, Jay? You know, I think there are a lot of things that we do. I mean, if they ask me one more time at checkout if I want that service contract I’m going to shoot them. [laughter] I think it’s the same thing. Remember, we’ve talked about this as we’ve reintroduced these programs, many of our customers have been buying for decades. They have a certain buying behavior. We’ve talked about, depending on the product, they may feel like the maintenance subscription is more or less valuable.  So the two biggest factors we see are the lower cost products generally have lower attach and renewal rates. And the other one is geographically, there’s wide variance between, generally speaking, developed countries and emerging economies. So those are the two biggest differences. You know, as we move forward, we hope to eliminate that choice by the combination of this year’s program and next year’s program, or over the next two-year program. We’re going to get to a place where customers are on a program with us.
Jay Vleeschhouwer : The follow up is at the analyst meeting, you mentioned value per account as an important metric. That’s come up in some conversations since then. Would a corollary to that be that at some point, Autodesk would introduce a single “Autodesk account” as a kind of uber suite for access and particularly for driving the flex licensing downmarket into SMB? Would that be some way that you could approach combining flex licenses with making it more broadly available or appealing to the smaller accounts?
Carl Bass : Yes, let me break this into two questions, which somehow you managed to put it into one. And I’m still looking for the connection. But let me just separate it. It helps my feeble mind process it.  On the ARPU conversation, we talked about value per account. Some people have asked us about ARPU. What we’ve said about ARPU, because of the “A” in there, it’s going to be really mix sensitive, and we have a wide range that’s going into that.  And we do think the distribution of it will be more helpful, or some categorization or bucketing of it is better. And I think if you do it by account, it’s a way of normalizing that is not nearly as mix sensitive. So that’s what we’ve thought about there.  Second question in my mind is about what I said is we’ve seen tremendous reception from the enterprise licenses. Customers truly appreciate the flexibility and the access to pieces of software they might not have had. We think many of our small and medium business customers will want the same thing.  You mentioned the uber suite. I think we will introduce something that is similar to giving people access to the portfolio for a fixed price. We’re not going to announce anything today, but it’s certainly directionally where we’re headed. Again, we think this is a win for everyone involved, at least while we’ve been able to manage more closely in the enterprise space. We will first broaden it there, and then secondarily, introduce it to the more general population. 
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Ashley of Robert W. Baird.
Steve Ashley: I’d just like to go back to the success you’re having with the large deals and just maybe try to get some more color on how you’re driving that. I think you mentioned that some of it is your consulting services, but if you could just maybe walk us through how you are having success in driving those here with this go-to-market, that would be great. 
Carl Bass : Yeah, you know, the unsaid thing that I scratch my head too is kind of if you’re having such great success with it now, what took you so long? And one thing that we have seen very clearly is the buildout of capabilities of our consulting services have mattered a lot. So it’s one thing to provide access to people, but if you really want to drive usage and adoption, we need people onsite to do that, particularly in large, complex organizations. So it’s large, complex organizations that already have complicated business processes in hand, or ones like, for example, in some of the engineering construction firms, where they’re going through a transformation and adopting BIM, and they need help understanding how to best bring that into their business. And the differences in places where we have consulting versus we don’t are dramatic in terms of their adoption and in terms of the increasing value of those contracts when they get renewed. The second thing is, I think this is just one of these things, as we began to have a bigger major account presence and listen to our customers, we realized that that was happening simultaneously with the buildout of a much bigger and broader product portfolio. So if you were to roll this back five years, part of the thing was we just didn’t have as rich a set of offerings to go in with.  We now have a much richer set of offerings, and that’s true both in our AEC, [our M&E] and our manufacturing products, and we have the people who can deliver what’s really needed for the customer to be successful.  Probably the third factor is slightly more environmental, in which there’s been a conditioning in the buyers of software to look at more term-based models to look at more consumption-based models, and people are much more comfortable with that. I think when we first started, there was a little bit of a negative reaction in certain accounts.  I think what’s happened, just to give you kind of the inside and the color commentary here, is that what has happened in a number of these accounts is that people are happier. They’re okay paying more if they feel like the software is really being used. There’s always this suspicion that they were buying things that were not being fully utilized, but now because of the tokens, they feel like it’s being used. The secondary dynamic that goes on within these accounts is that they can do some kind of an internal accounting about it and charge back to the cost center that’s using it. And I think the combination of those two things, plus the accessibility of the broader portfolio is winning over. And like we showed you at investor day, it’s pretty dramatic, the increase in usage, and company satisfaction as a result of the customers who have done this.
Steve Ashley : And just a quick follow up to Sterling’s earlier question on the enterprise flexible license agreements. He asked about the duration. You said while you didn’t have it at your fingertips, a lot of the deals are three years. Is the mechanics here that after a year you go in and do a true up and there is some maybe adjustment made or remuneration to you from these contracts?
Carl Bass : Yeah, there’s just the constant accounting, which people have tokens that they burn off. They buy what they think they need, and they eventually run out and have to buy more, a little bit more than a true up. I mean, it’s better just thinking of it as you just bought a bunch of tokens.  And I would say most people so far have guesstimated on the low side of what they need. And the reason why they guesstimate on the low side is they go out, they make the software available to the broader community, there’s more usage of it, and they end up having to go back and buy more tokens sooner than they would have otherwise thought they needed to. 
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Hedberg of RBC Capital Markets.
Matt Hedberg: I wanted to ask about the geographies here. Obviously EMEA was your strongest geo. Carl, I’m wondering, was the strength there Autodesk specific with the transition ongoing here? Or are you seeing a different environment there than what some of the macro indicators might imply? And then also, APAC obviously grew 10% too in constant currency. Maybe a little additional color there?
Carl Bass : Let me just use this to riff on a broader thing I’m seeing geographically, which is the Americas is strong. There are a lot of good secular trends in the U.S. They remain strong. The places like the Middle East and Russia, Russia particularly, business might even be down by half in Russia over comparable periods. Just to put it in perspective, we’ve always been very interested in the emerging economies, but they’re in the low single digit percentages. None is bigger than 3% of our revenue. But Russia and the Middle East have been clearly weak. The other places have been okay. There’s a little bit of weakness that we’ve detected in Japan, coupled with a weakening of the currency, and the currency is as big an effect right now as the actual business.  Europe, the middle of this quarter, it seemed like there was a lot of consternation about Europe. I put it in not the strength of the U.S., but relatively strong, and even some signs of increasing strength in southern Europe, which I don’t think I’ve been able to say for probably seven years. 
Matt Hedberg : That’s very helpful, and then maybe a quick follow up. At analyst day, you talked about instituting a new campaign to lower the margin dollars on license sales and increase them on the desktop. So I’m curious, you’re 20 days into this. What’s been some of the initial feedback from the field on some of these changes?
Carl Bass : Yeah, so we’re just beginning. We said we were going to start with LT. You know, one of the things just in general that people should think about with this, LT is a very different product than our other products. It’s a good experimentation, it’s a high volume product for us. And so far, so good in terms of the reception to it. But also, it goes through, at least on a mix basis, a different channel than some of our other products. And just in general, when people look at this, I would say what people have to understand is that there’s a difference in products between LT and others, and the other thing I would say is as we do this, just keep in mind that the programs you put in place, either when the programs are new or the products are new, are considerably different than what you do as they mature.  So there’s a fair amount of flexibility. I mean, there are a number of degrees of freedom, depending on the product and the channel and the maturity of the product. So right now, longwinded answer. The short answer is the LT one is fine, and you’ll see us continue to do this as we work our way through the entire portfolio.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Davis of Canaccord.
Richard Davis: You bought, I was trying to remember, Moldflow, back in I think like ’08, Blue Ridge back in ’11, and I can’t remember if Delcam had much simulation. But anyways, what are your thoughts with regard to kind of organic and even inorganic growth in simulation, because it’s a less iterative design tool, and it works perfectly, I would think, with that kind of burst capacity relationship you have with Amazon Cloud?
Carl Bass : Two things there. One is we’ve always talked about the cloud being good for two reasons. One is for these computationally intensive tasks and the other really is the central coordinating hub for collaboration. Things like finite element analysis, computational fluid dynamics, are perfect for cloud-based computing. it works really well for those, as you say, burst, high peak demand needs. So we see it as being really good for that. It’s also, particularly as you move from the desk of the analyst to that of the engineer. In many large companies, they built out computing centers for the analysts, but not for every engineer. So it gives access for the average engineer to much more computing capability.  So we’re really happy with what we’ve seen, and I think the difference, when you look at us versus, you know, other companies in analysis and simulation, is we’re just much more focused on the engineer than the analyst, and some of the things we’re doing with the products should be viewed through that lens. 
Operator: The next question comes from Kash Rangan with Merrill Lynch.
Kash Rangan: Carl, when I look at your business model transition and follow along the commentary with the last couple of quarters, it feels like a lot of the upside in deferred revenue seems to be predominantly coming from flexible licensing agreements and also catch up maintenance. So where is the real business model transition happening here with respect to the Adobe-like desktop subs that you would like to pursue? And as it relates to that, when you look at fiscal ’18, if the company’s going to be in [unintelligible] licenses, which is terrific, how should we think about how you get to 30% non-GAAP [unintelligible], because the appeal of the license is going way. That seems like a steep [unintelligible].
Carl Bass : Two things, Kash. On your first question, I would say for example, forgetting everything else about the business model transition, I can’t think of a healthier way to grow your business than selling more value to your best customers.  It’s just as straightforward as that, and so call it token based or flexible licensing. Just the idea that your best customers are buying more products from you seems like everything about it is good. And in some ways, it answers your question, because the most sustainable thing is having good customers who want more products from you and are paying you more money for it.  The second thing is I think a number of people have looked and tried to draw conclusions too early in terms of the business model transition. What you saw this year was the end of a multiyear program to eliminate upgrades. What we’re heading into is a multiyear program to end perpetual licenses. At the end of that, the company is in a distinctly different place than it was when entering, where the primary means for your customers to buy things were perpetual licenses with upgrades. And you come out the other end, and everyone is in a recurring, ratable relationship with you. So I’d say that is fundamentally changing it. The difference - and I say this whether it’s Adobe or Microsoft or anyone else, or any of the born in the cloud SaaS companies - we all end up in an identical place. So you roll out three four years, and there will be virtually no difference, whether you’re talking about Salesforce or NetSuite or Workday or Autodesk or Intuit or Adobe or Microsoft.  It’s the software industry that’s changing. We’re all delivering software on the same platforms in the same way, and our customers, truthfully, are pushing us to buy it in the same way. So I think some of the distinctions in the transition maybe trying to put too fine a filter on it and trying to understand things that may not look identical in year two or year two and a half versus something else.  But if you just step back and look at the long term, you say, companies end up in the same place, we’re all selling enterprise applications that are centered around cloud, social, and mobile, and the business relationship with the customer will be a long term subscription model. And so in that way, I think is the easiest way to see the similarities.
Kash Rangan : And on the implications for margins, certainly this is a thoughtful transition, but what I struggle with is as licenses fall off, the subscriptions, you have to cut a lot of cost to get to 30% non-GAAP margins versus the 13. Just wondering, what drives that? 
Carl Bass : Yeah, so the first thing is, I think if you looked over any period of time, I would say there are two different things. So one I’ll get to, what costs have to change? But the first one is, the amount of revenue over time is the same, if not more. And we saw that with like the enterprise licenses. Customers are paying us more, even though there are no more up front licenses. And so the lifetime value or the value over a fixed period in time is actually higher. And I think that same trend that we see with our enterprise customers we’ll see with our other customers. As I’ve been very willing to say, repeatedly. I think the two areas where we will see a change is, one is our R&D spend is relatively high right now. We’re supporting two different technology models, a traditional desktop model and we’re building out for a SaaS infrastructure, and so we’re doing development infrastructure costs on both simultaneously. And the second one is our sales and marketing is high when you consider the total between what we spend and our various channel partners spend on sales and marketing. So I think if you combine those two, both of those, as a percentage, and certainly if you do the calculation on the overall ecosystem as opposed to us, goes down over time, and that’s how you get to 30-plus percent.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Williams from Evercore.
Matt Williams: Carl, just quickly on the partner side of things, I’m just wondering if you could give us an update on partner interest around rentals and clouds. I saw a press release earlier today around the PLM business and a partner that was announced there. And I’m just wondering sort of what sort of traction you’re seeing within the partner base around the PLM 360, BIM 360, some of the cloud offerings and how they’re adapting to the desktop subscription offering as well.
Carl Bass : Yeah, so I’ve seen more traction amongst our traditional partners around desktop subscription, because it’s the same products licensed differently. The pickup amongst our traditional partners has more variance when you get to these offerings like PLM 360 and BIM 360. So some partners have been greatly involved with it, but in other cases, we have actively gone out and recruited new partners whose business is already much more aligned with this. So some of our existing partners are much more willing to make the transformation, others… Some of these, like the PLM deals, involve large amounts of services. We’ve talked about they are million dollar deals. For some partners, that’s a little bit much. Others are reacting really well. But I would say some of our newer offerings like BIM and PLM, you will see a higher proportion of new partners entering the mix and desktop subscription. The bulk of that work will be covered by our existing partners. 
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Koenig from Wedbush.
Steve Koenig: I joined the call a little late, so I apologize if this has been asked. I wanted to go to the subscriber additions for next year, where you’re expecting a fairly similar level to this year. In light of maybe an update after the Q3 now, any thoughts on where these subscribers will be coming from? Are you still thinking about desktop subscribers as being a priority for next year? I guess if that’s true, maybe just a little bit of color on what kind of people would you be targeting in that 3 million base of active but not really paying users that haven’t chosen the upgrade this year but might go to a desktop subscription next year? Or am I thinking about this wrong?
Carl Bass : No, I think if you look at next year, without getting too quantitative about it, I think with the end of perpetual licenses, you’ll see a large number of people going to desktop subscription as a result of recognizing, as they get nudged toward doing that. You’ll also see, just based on the maturing of the products, more people going to cloud-based subscriptions.  And the last one is, I think there will be a substantial number of people who move to maintenance along with perpetual licenses. For those who want to continue to buy this way, and as that’s removed, they will go buy perpetual licenses with maintenance to stay in that mode. So I think you’ll see a substantial portion of maintenance subscribers next year, but you’ll see an increasing number of desktop and cloud.
Operator: I am showing no further questions. I would now like to turn the call back over to the presenters for closing remarks. 
David Gennarelli: Thanks, operator. As a reminder, Autodesk University is coming up in a couple of weeks in Las Vegas. If you’d like to join us in the investor relations track on December 2, please contact me. We’ll also be at the Credit Suisse conference in Scottsdale on December 3, and the Barclays conference in San Francisco on December 9. That concludes our call today. You can reach me at 415-507-6033 if you have any further questions. Thanks.

===== 2015 Q2  (2014-08-14 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Gennarelli - IR Carl Bass - CEO Sue Pirri - VP, Finance 
Analysts: Brent Thill – UBS Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Matt Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets Walter Pritchard – Citigroup Brendan Barnicle – Pacific Crest Keith Weiss – Morgan Stanley Steve Ashley – Robert W. Baird Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Sterling Auty – JPMorgan Steve Koenig – Wedbush Securities Kash Rangan – Merrill Lynch Matthew Williams – Evercore Partners
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to Autodesk Second Quarter of Fiscal 2015 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this call is being recorded. I would now like to introduce your host for today's conference David Gennarelli, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Gennarelli: Thanks, operator. Good afternoon. Thanks for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our second quarter. Also on the line is Carl Bass, our Chief Executive Officer and Sue Pirri, VP of Finance. Today’s conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. As noted in our press release, we have published our prepared remarks on our website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments and we will not repeat them on this call. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the anticipated future performance of the company, such as our guidance for the second quarter and full year fiscal 2015, long-term financial model guidance, including billings, subscriptions, and recurring revenue growth. The factors we use to estimate our guidance, new business model introduction, new product and suite releases, market adoption and expected growth rates, our expectations concerning large deal activity in the fourth quarter, business execution, business prospects and financial results, our market opportunities and strategies, including our desktop subscription offering, our plans, transition to cloud and mobile computing, trends and sales initiatives for our products, and trends in various geographies and industries. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time-to-time with the SEC, specifically our Form 10-K for fiscal year 2014, our Form 10-Q for the period ended April 30, 2014 and current reports on Form 8-K, including the 8-K filed with today’s press release and prepared remarks. Those documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today’s call, but will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today’s press release, prepared remarks, and on the Investor Relations section of our website. We will quote a number of numeric growth changes as we discuss our financial performance, and unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. And now, I would like to turn the call over to Carl.
Carl Bass: Thank you, Dave and good afternoon everyone. Building upon the momentum we generated in the last two quarter, we are pleased with our results for the second quarter. The results were consistently good across geographies, industries and product offerings.  Strengthening our core AEC and manufacturing businesses led to better than expected results, including record revenue and deferred revenue. We advanced our business model transition with strong subscription additions and continued adoption of our enterprise agreements. If you also consider the $26 million backlog balance into the quarter, our total business capacity for the quarter was exceptional. From a geographic perspective, we experienced broad-based strength. All three of our major geographies grew double-digits on a constant currency basis led by growth in EMEA. The areas in which we are seeing weakness are those affected by geopolitical turmoil. Our strong results and AEC and outstanding growth in our AEC suites can be attributed to the continued adoption of building and infrastructure industries. BIM is now not just limited to desktop products, but is available in cloud and mobile technologies that support access to infield and real-time information. We closed several large AEC transactions in Q2 including a nice win and a competitive stronghold with Autodesk Advance Steel, a technology we acquired with the acquisition of Graitec a few quarters ago. We also landed meaningful wins with our structural detailing and fabrication offerings. We continue to steadily grow our user base in each of our AEC cloud based technologies including BIM 360, AutoCAD 360 and InfraWorks 360. BIM 360 in particular continued to grow at a rapid race -- rapidly. We had numerous wins including one with a large European construction firm proving once again that the construction market is primed to embrace the full benefits of BIM. Our manufacturing team delivered very strong results driven by growth in industrial machinery, consumer products and automotive. Acquisitions we made in both plastics and composite simulation are particularly significant for the aerospace industry. In Q2 we closed deals with three major aerospace engine manufacturers. The Delcam business is performing well and contributed almost $11 million in revenue to Q2. We're pleased with the early results from this business and look forward to advancing our position in the CAM market. Our cloud-based PLM 360 product nearly doubled its billings compared to Q2 last year. We also launched the PLM 360 mobile application in Q2 making PLM 360 the first truly mobile PLM solution. As I mentioned earlier, we had another strong quarter with 74,000 subscription additions. As expected and similar to last quarter the majority of the subscription additions were maintenance subscriptions. With the discontinuation of the upgrade program at the end of this fiscal year, we are seeing a lot of customers take advantage of the upgrade discount one last time and we are experiencing a higher than average maintenance subscription attach rate. The desktop subscription offering product for AutoCAD LT had its first full quarter of availability and has performed well out of the gate. What's fantastic is that we also experienced solid growth in perpetual licenses for AutoCAD LT. So it's clearly the case of AutoCAD LT that the desktop subscription program is expanding our reach and bringing new customers to Autodesk. Another element of our business model transition is offering our enterprise customers more flexible licensing options. In addition to being a great benefit for our customers, these contracts create a larger recurring revenue stream which is recognized ratably. In Q2 we doubled the number of large million dollar plus transactions compared to Q2 last year and we transitioned to approximately $10 million in enterprise license revenue to deferred revenue. Given our strong Q2 performance and our optimistic view of the macroeconomic environment, we've raised our FY '15 guidance ranges for billings, revenue and subscription. We also narrowed the operating margin range keeping the high end of prior guidance. As you can in the numbers, margin upside is muted this year for a number of reasons. This year's operating margin assumption includes the impact from the business model transition, investment in our cloud infrastructure, the dilutive effect of the Delcam acquisition, as well as incremental investment spending on key initiatives. Additionally commission and our employee incentive program are volume related and increased based on our better than expected billing performance. It's worth repeating that our business model transition will not be perfectly linear and that the amount of business that we transition at a number of new subscriptions will fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year-to-year. We are expecting the transition to progress gradually in FY '15 and then ramp more significantly, by the time we get to FY '17 and FY '18. Lastly, I'll give you an update on our CFO transition. We've started to interview candidates. In the meantime we have a strong finance organization build of talented people to bridge the transition. I think most of you know Sue Pirri, who has been with the company for over 10 years. She is leading our finance team and is here to participate in the Q&A. So to wrap thing up we were really pleased with our overall results in Q2 and the first half of the fiscal year. We continue to feel great about our opportunities and the direction of the company. It is rewarding to see our mobile and cloud based products adopted by our customers. These products solve important customer problems and clearly position us as the industry leader as the engineering inevitably moves to a cloud and mobile computing infrastructure. It's still very early in our business model transition, but we are encouraged by what we experienced in the first half of the fiscal year. We look forward to building on these early successes and transitioning Autodesk to a more profitable and recurring subscription based model over the coming years. Operator, we would now like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our first question comes from Brent Thill from UBS. Your line is now open.
Brent Thill – UBS: Thanks. Good afternoon, Carl. On EMEA you had meaningful improvement in the growth rate. And I'm just curious in terms of what you're seeing in that region, given the growth has really been lackluster and you're your finally seeing that return to healthy growth.
Carl Bass: Yes, I think over the last couple of years it was certainly the other part of your -- we talked about it repeatedly is that in Central Europe was doing well, but was being dragged down by Southern Europe. We hit the bottom in Southern Europe. In other ways we are starting to see a consistent rebound. So EMEA did well but kind of as I noted in the remarks, the only places where we saw geographic weakness was in EMEA and that was due to what was going on in Russia and the Ukraine and what's going on in the Middle East. Other than that EMEA did great.
Brent Thill – UBS: Okay. And just a quick follow-up. You mentioned construction. And I believe that this has been one of the bigger net inflows of money, when you look at the new revenue inflow into the company. Correct me if I'm wrong, but give us a sense of what you're seeing there in terms of the sustainability, as well, what you're seeing on the construction segment?
Carl Bass: Yes sure Brent. Some of it is driven by increased business activity in construction, but some of it also was that were secular move to seeing more money within the AEC industries spend by construction companies on technology. That's been going for a long term. There is this other more cyclical thing that goes with the economic activity. That's been good across geographies, but I think as much as anything it's just the adoption of technology by construction companies and as they realize the benefits they historically have been severely under invested in technology.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Gregg Moskowitz from Cowen and Company. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: This is actually [Matt Primo] (ph) for Greg. Thanks for taking my questions. So despite the huge licensed revenue upside, it was a bit surprising to us that subscription revenue was generally in line with consensus expectations. Could you comment on renewal rates this quarter?
Carl Bass: Yes, renewal rates, Attach and renewal was really high. Everything about subscription was good.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great. And do you still expect the geo and bus core adoption of desktop and cloud subscriptions to be pretty broad based by Q4?
Carl Bass: I think you will start to see -- they are doing well but being overwhelmed by the maintenance subscriptions. I think you will see Q4 throughout next year and beyond. So, what’s going on with -- the desktop stuff is good, cloud subscriptions are good. They’re just being overwhelmed a little bit by the maintenance subscriptions. It’s a good problem to have.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities: Thanks. Good afternoon. Carl, I would like to ask you a longer term question about your operations and your corporate infrastructure, meaning how are those operations in infrastructure being prepared or are they prepared so the new increasingly hybrid business model that you’re going to have over the next number of years, in effect what I am asking is, are you going to have the capacity and the efficiency that you’ll need for bigger channel engagement and improve order processing, I know that sounds very dull but I think it’s very important for the company and improve your systems for customer engagement, especially as volume is deliverable, so will likely increase materially over the next number of years?
Carl Bass: No Jay. You’re absolutely right. There’s actually two ports of operations in infrastructure, let’s take a minute. The first one is just the increased amount of order processing, because the nature of the subscriptions being term based some of them are for shorter period of time and the perpetual licenses, so there’s a huge effort underway to make sure that we can handle the financial transaction aspect  But there’s also a customer facing aspect of this. There’s a sales engagement part and there’s a marketing effort as well they are really all tied together, that the finally overall customer experience with what we’re doing also because as you know such a huge amount of our business goes through our channel partners, it is having our channel partners engaged as appropriate in some of those activities. So, the operations and infrastructure is big on that. The second part is just in terms of providing cloud based engineering and design services. We’ve been building out cloud infrastructure as well. So, both of those things are critically important for the future.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities: Okay. My follow up is on the new cloudy parts of the business. As of the data available in the first quarter 10Q, only 5% of your subscriptions revenue was non-commercial maintenance, in other words run rate of somewhere between $55 million and $60 million was from non-classic maintenance let’s call and the new subscription services. Could you talk about the growth of that business in the second quarter and more importantly what has happened for that to become a lofty $100 million business over time instead of a mid eight figure kind of business like today?
Carl Bass: One thing I’ll say is, in October at our analyst day, we’ll give you a lot more detail on this. Right now what’s going on with our cloud subscriptions are they’re exceeding all the projections we had. The business is doing well, there’s a lot more stuff coming online, some came on in Q2, there’s a lot in Q3 and Q4. So, these are growing business and so far I am happy with the results. As to becoming a multi $100 million business I think both our desktop and our cloud businesses will become that and it’s kind of inevitable. I think we’re right on track to do that.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Matt Hedberg from RBC Capital Markets. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Matt Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets: Thanks for taking my questions guys. Congrats on the quarter. Certainly, this year seems to be seeing a benefit from the elimination of upgrades next year. Carl, I'm wondering, when might you eliminate perpetual sales? And maybe more generically, what is the framework for eventually pulling this license option?
Carl Bass: I'll ask you Matt, what do you think is a good timeframe to do that.
Matt Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets: I would certainly probably depend on the products, but the market generally wants it -- seems to be wanting it sooner than later.
Carl Bass: We’ve been looking at considering it seriously and we’ll talk again a little bit more about this in October what our plans are. Right now, we have a fair amount of transition going on in the business with the elimination of the upgrades and certainly inspiring people to action. But as we move into next year, we’ll have more to say on that.
Matt Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets: That's great. And maybe dovetailing on that same question, obviously, you're seeing some early success on the subscriptions side, the cloud subscription side. I think you've talked in the past about seeing a 20% or more value from those customers. Is that still the case, or in some cases do you see even more value from those types of deals?
Carl Bass: Some are more and what’s been interesting to me, and somewhat surprising is the number of cloud subscribers and some of our cloud based products are just attracting new people to Autodesk. It was interesting. I was with a customer the other day, and asking them why they choose in this case PLM 360? And they said they just wanted to build on a 21st century company, we are building new kinds of products and our entire infrastructure is going to be in the cloud. So our first decision point was who has a cloud based PLM. And second what was the best? So we are finding companies that were in our natural customers before and so that’s happening and in addition, very specific to your question. Yeah, some people are moving more quickly to the cloud then within our forecast.
Operator:  Thank you. And our next question comes from Walter Pritchard from Citi. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Walter Pritchard – Citigroup:  Hi, thanks. In the prepared remarks you talked to about the gross and license revenue primarily related to upgrade revenue increase that you saw in the quarter. Can you quantify that and what license is sort of an apple-to-apple basis if you would, promotional on the upgraded side is, as of the period you were in the quarter?
Carl Bass: So first of all, I'll let Sue jump in, but what I would say is generally speaking our promotions have been going down as the year has progressed so compare to Q1 the promotional activities going down. The time frame is getting shorter. But my experience in the years of doing this is when we have a like generated by the removal of the upgrades, you're not going to see a wide disparity of activity among so channel partners. They are very focused on this in bringing in this business of it buyers.
Sue Pirri: That’s right. And we don’t actually breakout upgrade portion of license from the rest of license but I think it was right, the important part is , the important goal for us is to get us many of our customers on the curve version before upgrades go away. And we’re – the channel partners tend to focus on, the most compelling offer in the quarter and that’s really what people are focused right now.
Walter Pritchard – Citigroup: And then just a follow-up sort of related to that. You didn’t talk about there is a impact on subscribers from the promotional activity. And I guess if I look at the pace you're on track to add subscribers during the year, you’re talking about 200 to 250,000 this year. If I go back to fiscal 2013, you added about 250,000 sort of the high end which you’re adding this year really without any help from significant amount of promotional activity like you have this year. And so I guess while I look at those two numbers, I'm kind of understand why, we are convinced here that, that really is a significant amount of demand per subscription, if you’re not that where you are in 2013 levels while driving promotions pretty aggressively.
Carl Bass:  So I mean the way I look at is first of all I'm not sure exactly what time period you’re looking at but all through this there were significant promotions with us weeks. We were making very attractive offers, and moving our customers from there point products. So I mean we always have promotion going on. I think just the nature of the business, and promotions give a small financial incentive for the customers, but there are also way to focus our entire go to market activity among our sales and more teams as well those are of partners. So in some ways to look at it is, it’s less the incentives it’s more the goals of what we are trying to accomplish. And what we are seeing is moving amount of people on to subscription that were non subscription, we also noted in the remarks that the attached rates are a big bump as well. So we are happy with where our subscriptions are going.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Brendan Barnicle from Pacific Crest. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest: Thanks so much. Carl, I have a follow-up on your comment to Matt about, the new subscribers. People are new to Autodesk. Do you have any number on what percent of the subscriber base you think are generally new users that weren’t previously Autodesk customers?
Carl Bass: I mean we certainly have numbers. We haven’t been disclosing it and particularly let me separate, it’s not the maintenance subscriptions that are capturing those, I’ll tell you more about that. what we’re seeing is in the desktop subscriptions and particularly I called out LT and while historical rate to LT are being maintained we are also now have this new category of desktop subscriptions and that’s doing more plus what I was noting is in a number of our cloud based offering, build 360 PLM, 360 some of the others, we are seeing customers who just weren’t there before. We’ll try to give a little bit more color about that. But it is certainly attracting new customers and as I pointed out last year at Investor Day, I thought in some cases, some of the markets were engaged in kind of the terrestrial battle where it is kind of that – so it’s with still minimal amounts of market share shift as we are offering a new technology platform we are finding people who really like being on cloud and mobile and selecting elsewhere before, they maybe even happy with another vendor.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest: We’d heard just sort of anecdotally from the folks in the channel, but it could have been as much as 20% of the subscribers are generally new people. Does that seem like a ballpark number?
Carl Bass: I’d hate to guess, but I will go do a little bit work on this.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest: Terrific and then just following up on Walter's question on the maintenance subs, you obviously you had good attached there. Any sense of where we are within the installed base the number of folks who done upgrades to get to subscription now and what percent may remain or what kind of market size that looks like?
Carl Bass: Our best indications are guidance in the revised upward guidance. We see continued strength in – as I talked about in the last call, we said the Q3 maybe the weakest for the quarter, but we thought Q4 would be a big quarter. The hardest part of that figuring this out is, there is a way more subscribers left and we know we will be some behind. Then real question is just how many. So, we can meet everyone of the expectations we have set. And there are still people behind we’re trying to minimize that as much as possible. But you know, when we look at that base, it goes back. We think of going back about in the three to five year category and when you go back five years, there maybe people with company’s – company’s can’t have a business, they may have consolidated, they may have shrunk. So it’s a little bit hard to procure exact hand on, how many of those seats are active today. So problem will be able to know the answer too much better in the future.
Operator:  Thank you. Our next question comes from Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley: Excellent. Thank you guys for taking the question and very nice quarter. I’ll keep on track with the, the very hard questions to answer. In terms of business model transition, we are seeing really good evidence sort of the new subscriber add We are seeing good evidence you guys on targets as sort of long term buildings target. One of the things that’s tougher for us to give ability into his, that the target of uplift in customers value. I was wondering if sort of give us your view as sort of how you’re doing on that metric of whether you kind of seeing, that movement that upper movement in customer value that you guys are looking for?
Carl Bass: So what I would say I think the base is too small to know of the whole thing. Remember a lot of the guidance we gave around was over five year plan, we are just in very beginning of that. So I’d say the anecdotal evidence is strong, but it's certainly not on a big enough sample size. So, I don’t think we need any core strength, and I don’t think it's anything different. I just don’t think as big enough to really be certain. Again when we get to Investor Day in October, be happy to treasure detail some more of that about how we’re doing according to plans.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley: And then as a follow-up. At the end of last year when I was first talking about business model transition, you guys actually broke out on the guidance sort of how much license revenue is always going to move into those term contracts and going to the balance sheet. This quarter you called out what happened in the quarter that just passed in 10 million. Do we have a better handle on sort of what the cadence of that movement is going to be on a go-on forward basis? Have you guys just sort of been able to sort of give a little bit more visibility into the accounting there?
Carl Bass: Yes. We knew a little bit more. We certainly know on the enterprise side what’s going on there. And as we always said, just as a matter of historical fact, a lot of the contracts come up in Q4. So, we’re seeing more moving Q4 just like we did in the prior Q4. So there is going to be a seasonality to that. As we get to the accounting on moving other parts of our business that were recognized upfront to a more ratable business model. We’ll fill you more as we go. And we have gotten hands on that. And in addition, there’s been some complication and there have been some new accounting guidelines issued at the same time. They work together and we will describe more of that. Sue you have anything you want to add there.
Sue Pirri: No, I think, you’re right. We will talk more about it at Investor Day and we continue to do work with our finance team and the auditors and we’re finally understanding that accounting around ratability.
Operator: Thank you, and our next question comes from Steve Ashley from Robert W. Baird. Your line is now open, please go ahead.
Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird: Thank you. I’d like to just drill down on the AEC business, to Brent’s question earlier you talked about that being strong but really being two parts to it. One, cyclical recovery, and two, just greater adoption by the contractors part. Just for cyclical part, wondering if you could just talk about what you’re seeing across the major geographies, the U.S., Europe and Asia Pac? Where are we in the cyclical recoveries in AEC by geographies?
Carl Bass: So, what I would say, I think in all three geographies we are seeing strength. A very informal way is just to look at the cranes in every city you travel to. Everywhere you go, you can see rather large commercial building going on as well as a big investment in infrastructure. I don’t think we’re at the top of the cycle yet. We’re somewhere on the way up, it’s been building for while and continues to build. I have no better way to forecast how long the uptick is going to be but it’s been sustained, right now it seems strong and consistent across geographies. When compared to last time it feels healthier. It doesn’t have some of the bubble aspects as last time. And so, right now, we’re feeling really good about what’s going on and because it’s been one on the coming after the 2008, 2009 downturn, and it hasn’t gotten too hot too quickly. What we’re seeing is company’s willingness to invest in retooling. They recognize in places where they’re having these technology and they will not spend money to really get onboard. And, it’s nice when it comes slowly enough that they can invest in new technology, train their teams, start to see the benefits, come back and reinvest again and that’s what we’re seeing this time.
Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird: And then, with respect to Delcam, just wondering what kind of geographic breakdown that $11 million of revenue might have, not looking for exact numbers just looking for some kind of subjective commentary on how that might have broken down by geo?
Carl Bass: We want to break it down. One thing to remember about when we look at things like acquisitions, the thing you have to remember is that it is you also have the differed revenue right down, but it may not be consistent across geographies. But if I just want to speak more generally the Delcam business is really strong in Europe. And, probably a better way to look at Delcam is by the industry’s reserves and it really does well in aerospace and automotive. There are certainly parts of industrial machinery and others but the way to think about Delcam is computing on the very high end in automotive and aerospace machining.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Heather Bellini from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. Please go ahead. Bellini, please check your mute button.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs: Sorry about that. Yeah, it’s Heather Bellini. I have a couple of questions for you Carl and Sue. The first one would be, you mentioned that maintenance attach has been higher than, has been running I guess even higher than you expected. I am just wondering if you could give us an idea in percentage terms, how much higher you’ve seen it thus far this year for the first half versus what you saw the last fiscal year? And then, the second question would be related to, can you give us kind of rank order for us, top three things that drove the deferred upside? It was much higher than the Street. And then, I guess the last question is more of a capital allocation question Carl. You have been very successful in the transition thus far and I know you have very big plans as for how you’re going to exit a few years from now. What’s the current thought around being more aggressive and issuing debt of something of that nature in order to really take out a big plug of your stock give you’re executing on your plans so well?
Carl Bass: Okay. So, I don’t want to breakdown the percentage upside. Su, you want to break it out?
Sue Pirri: I can tell you the categories. The categories in deferred are obviously maintenance.
Carl Bass: I was talking about the upside in attach rate first, but.
Sue Pirri: No, we don’t break that out. 
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs: …is it running 20 points higher, is it running 10 points higher, it’s not a specific number that we’re looking for.
Sue Pirri: So what I want to say Heather is, it’s meaningfully more – we’ve seen that in a couple of quarters in a row, but with the current attach rates we have, it’s not going to be 20 points more obviously.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And the other two questions? On what drove the deferred upside, if you could around the quarter.
Sue Pirri: Yes, so we don’t breakdown the specifics of where the increase in deferred came from but the things in deferred obviously consulting plays a part in it that the maintenance is in there, there are some support, there’s a variety of things in deferred and one of the big move is consulting during the quarter, some of the deferred consulting and services.
Carl Bass: If I had to put two things, I’d put one as consulting and the other one is from regular maintenance. Just the upside in maintenance drove that as well.
Sue Pirri: And Carl the last one.
Carl Bass: Yeah, on the capital allocation. We’ve been working on capital allocation plan. We did an offering, it’s probably year or two now. And we’re always, we just review it with the Board as well and we have nothing to announce at this point but we’re certainly looking at it and making some decisions about capital allocation.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Carl Bass: You’re welcome.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Sterling Auty from JPMorgan. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: Yeah, thanks. Hi, guys. Wanted to actually ask about suites. It’s been a while since we talked about the idea of what kind of average uplift that you’re getting on a suite sale versus a point product and more specifically where are you seeing the strength in the suites, whether it’s the highest end suite, the mid range or the lowest?
Carl Bass: All through this, it’s really been the mid range suites that have done the best, which is where we wanted to. I would say we overestimated the people who would go to the low end suites and we underestimated the two other categories above, the medium and the high. And we’ve seen more consistently going there. We are getting the uplift, it’s one of those time which our modeling ended up being very spot on and it’s been very consistent over the last few year. So, we’re seeing the uplift, the strategy around the suites has worked really well and really according to plan.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: And the follow up is actually in the media and entertainment. In the prepared talked about some of the impact is end market demand. Some of it is on the move to subscription. How should we think about where the media and entertainment revenue line goes from here, is it something that actually could start to fade away?
Carl Bass: No. I think, as we always try to distinguish, media and entertainment they are two different parts of the business. There is the creative finishing. Creative finishing has been diminishing, some of it is just nature of the market and some of it has to do with the hardware component in there which we no longer sell. And then there’s the other part which is the software part of the business. The software part of the business is good and healthy and we like all the dynamics in that part of the business. What we see in the other part less happy with it. That’s been going on for the last half dozen years in the creative finishing part.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from [indiscernible] from Barclays. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi guys, thanks for taking my question and one question and a follow-up if I can. First Carl, nice growth in subscription billings. As we think about the total billings guide for 10% to 12% growth this year, how do you think about the related growth profiles between license billings and subscription billings?
Carl Bass: Yeah, I think what we’re going to see in the short term is just because of -- as we’ve talked about activity in the channel I think we will see subscription billings grow faster. I think what you saw in the first two quarters is a good indicator. As I pointed out 90 days ago that Q3 maybe the anomaly in the year and Q4 will be very strong in maintenance subscriptions once again.
Unidentified Analyst: Sort of, and then for those customers that are buying an update while they can before the deadline, can you remind us at what point will those same customers be forced to come back and either buy another professional license at full price or maybe finally cave in for maintenance in order to stay current.
Carl Bass: Well they really have to something. If they buy an upgrade now along with maintenance they they're on and they only have till the end of the year.
Unidentified Analyst: Well, so just to clarify that, so a customer that…
Carl Bass: The only other choice they have is just to buy. If you don’t want to get our maintenance, you buy a perpetual license. You do not buy maintenance and then some number of years from now when you’re comfortable with the new product, you buy another perpetual license.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, I wasn’t sure if there was a time period where Autodesk would stop supporting. Maybe in the past it was after three years, Autodesk would stop supporting some number of versions of its software but it sounds like it’s more customer based that's the one that it comes…
Carl Bass: Yeah, and the truth of it is there is a half-life to software. Given the integration with enterprise systems and the data and the training, the software becomes less valuable over time. If you’re not on the latest releases, it just becomes difficult to communicate with those folks in your ecosystem and it just becomes difficult overall. So the value of that license definitely diminishes over time. Being more than three years back is not practical for most companies.
Operator:  Thank you and our next question comes from Steve Koenig from Wedbush Securities. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Steve Koenig – Wedbush Securities:  Thanks for taking my question. I have got one short question and then a slightly longer one to follow-up. So on the short question. Could you give any color on that Q3 EPS guide looked a little light.
Carl Bass: Yeah, we try to cover it a little bit. At least in my open commentary I listed a whole host of reasons that are in there. Some of these returned some expenses due to the over performance. So compared to last year, there’s more in bonuses and other compensation related expenses. There’s also continued investment in building up the infrastructure and relationship T.J.’s question. We talked about building back office systems as well as a cloud infrastructure. So we’ve been investing in that and then I detailed a number of other ones but there’re continued investments that we believe are really important for the future of the company.
Steve Koenig – Wedbush Securities: Okay that’s great and then I want to ask this well on concerning Europe, if had any concerns it would be about reaching data points out of Europe where they seem be weaker not only Eastern Europe but even in Germany and Italy etcetera. And I am wondering you did make some comments that you saw weakness in sort of part of Europe. Was this an -- and obviously this was offset in Q2 just because license upgrades were strong or other regions are so strong that they get and then I guess the other part of that question is do you see anything changing there? Did you linearity suggest anything or in addition how do you factor the recent macro data points in your guidance for Europe?
Carl Bass: Yeah, so couple things. So the only part of Europe that I really called out as weak were Russia and then Ukraine and the other part was EMEA, was what’s going on in the Middle East. So those are the two areas. What would you think of most of traditional Europe actually performing sharply. Just like when I saw the numbers out of Germany, I was surprised by it. We don’t see anything that’s just -- we haven’t seen that at all. So it was a little bit surprising to me but can surely take a bit of it into account.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from Kash Rangan from Merrill Lynch. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch: Hey guys, thanks for taking my questions. Carl, how confident are you that having a very limited window for selling upgrades may not -- the strength as impressive as you’re seeing in the quarter is not coming at the expense of what would have been license business next year or perhaps even subscription business because I would assume that just getting on the update and getting on maintenance would certainly take the pressure off of the customer to consider a new license or a subscription and as a follow-up, I think it’s almost a year since the launch of the subscription initiative. Is it because the company is still in a dual mode selling the license and subscription not as happy as you are with the subscription update, well clearly, it's doing better than your total forecast. But I would assume that given such a big change that we would see that Adobe type of whizbang effect right out of the gate. But is it because you’re selling the license and the subscription that we’ve not seen that big breakout this year? Thank you
Carl Bass: Yeah, no, no, actually all the guidance that we did, that we talked about five years in, as you just referenced Adobe I’ve said this before, while there are certainly similarities between Autodesk and Adobe there’s also a big difference. Adobe went and made the more dramatic step of eliminating perpetual licenses for most of their desktop products and that accounts for the difference on one side. On the other side it is, we had already a very large installed subscriber base and it was related to maintenance relative to what adobe had, so the starting points are a little bit different and the actions we have taken, we’re still selling perpetual licenses and they’re not. So I don’t think looking directly, laying one graph over the other does much good on the other hand. The general trends that both us and Adobe -- and I think others in the traditional desktop software business is looking at are all the same things. So we just stepped back for a second and say what’s this going to work like in the future. Three years from now it will be surprising to me if anybody is really running very much perpetual desktop software.
Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch: And the impact of the upgrades, Carl, to what extent do you think it might have been at the expense of next year’s demand for licenses and subscriptions or maybe not strong cost.
Carl Bass: I don’t think the upgrades have much to do with next year’s subscriptions. Some of the people are certainly deciding now to upgrade and buy their licenses ahead of that change. There’s always a small effect but as we’ve talked about before, there will be new emphasis next year for something else and it’s a large install base and we’ll tap into a different part of it and hopefully motivate it appropriately.
Sue Pirri:  The other thing that I would add is as we’re seeing the folks upgrading, we aren’t seeing higher cash rates with these customers and getting closer to Autodesk to being on a maintenance subscription is a good lead-in for us marketing other products for them and eventually priming them for the desktop subscriptions and the cloud.
Operator:  Thank you. (Operator instructions). And our next question comes from Matthew Williams from Evercore. Your line is now open. Please go ahead.
Matthew Williams - Evercore Partners:  Hi guys. Thanks so much for fitting me in. Most of my questions have been answered at this point but Carl I just wanted to -- if you could provide a little bit of color on maybe what you’re seeing out of the consumer side and now it’s -- lot of focus has been on the enterprise with what you’re doing but I think longer term you guys have highlighted quite an opportunity on the consumer side. I was just wondering if you could give an update there.
Carl Bass: Yeah sure. What’s going on with the consumer is really exciting. We’re getting close to more than 200 million users in the consumer space. Over 50 million up monthly unique users in the consumer space. So this is turning into something substantial. We continue to do more in that market and we’re succeeding with that. We’re also kind of bridging the gap between some of the consumer stuff for some of things that have been delayed in the consumer work and what’s going on in the more industrial markets. One thing that I didn’t touch upon but we did announce that we were doing a 3D printer. Autodesk was actually designing and manufacturing a 3D printer. That’s going really well. I am very pleased with the progress that we’ve to date. I am sure we’ll be showing you the 3D printer in October. Prints are coming out of it all day long and it’s sort of really exciting and so well I am excited about the consumer opportunity in and of itself and we’ve just spent the last 50 minutes talking about the more industrial part. There’s this interesting segment in the middle as well that we see developing on the small new industrial that transitions out of the consumer but all signs are really positive with the consumer and in many ways, they’ve been a great leading indicator of the other stuff, much more willing to adopt cloud and mobile stuff ahead of the enterprise.
Matthew Williams - Evercore Partners: Great. That’s helpful. I appreciate it and maybe just one quick follow-up. I know the channel’s been focused on really getting customers hurrying on subscription. As we start to look in the next year when the upgrade option goes away and the focus is just a little bit more towards desktop subscription and the cloud offering, what sort of work or investment do you need to do to make sure the channel’s ready to really help drive growth in those areas as well?
Carl Bass: I don’t think there is anything dramatic going on that needs to happen with the channel. We work really closely with our channel partners and when I am able to report really good results like this quarter, it is the result of the combined activity of every channel partners. So they are doing really well. They are really optimistic and one thing that did surprise me this quarter was I did notice in your guys’ channel checks not actually picking up on the strength in the quarter so there’s some level of disconnect that I don’t quite understand they ended up looking to probe into a little bit more but our channel partners are really optimistic about the rest of the year going into next year. I am surprised that didn’t come through in some of the conversations with you but it certainly came through in the results. Si I think you’ll see only small incremental changes in how we work with our channel partners.
Matthew Williams - Evercore Partners: Great. Thanks and congrats on the quarter.
Carl Bass: Okay, thanks very much.
Operator:  Thank you and I am not showing any further questions. I would like to turn the call back to David Gennarelli for any further remark.
David Gennarelli: Okay, well that concludes our call today. As Carl mentioned, we have our Investor Day coming up this October 1, at our gallery in San Francisco. If you have not signed up for that already, please send me an email or call me at 415-507-6033 and that concludes our call today. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for participating in today’s conference. This does conclude today's program. You may all disconnect. Everyone have a great day.

===== 2015 Q1  (2014-05-16 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Gennarelli - Director, Investor Relations Carl Bass - Chief Executive Officer Mark Hawkins - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Brent Thill - UBS Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Keith Weiss – Morgan Stanley Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Matt Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets Steve Koenig - Wedbush Matt Williams - Evercore Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Richard Davis - Canaccord
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the First Quarter Fiscal Year 2015 Autodesk Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, today’s conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the call over to David Gennarelli, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead sir.
David Gennarelli - Director, Investor Relations: Thanks, operator. Good afternoon. Thanks for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our first quarter. Joining me today are Carl Bass, our Chief Executive Officer and Mark Hawkins, our Chief Financial Officer. Today’s conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. As noted in our press release, we have published our prepared remarks on our website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments and we will not repeat them on this call. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the anticipated future performance of the company, such as our guidance for the second quarter and full year fiscal 2015, long-term financial model guidance, including billings, subscriptions, and recurring revenue growth. The factors we use to estimate our guidance, new business model introduction, new product and suite releases, market adoption and expected growth rates, cost management efforts, hiring plans, business execution, business prospects and financial results, our market opportunities and strategies, including our desktop subscription offering plans, our transition to cloud and mobile computing, our educational vertical strategy, trends and sales initiatives for our products, and trends in various geographies and industries. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time-to-time with the SEC, specifically our Form 10-K for the fiscal year 2014 and our current reports on Form 8-K, including the Form 8-K filed with today’s press release and prepared remarks. Those documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call today are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today’s call, but will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum. During the call, we will also discuss our non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today’s press release, prepared remarks, and on the Investor Relations section of our website. We will quote a number of numeric growth changes as we discuss our financial performance, and unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. And now, I would like to turn the call over to Carl.
Carl Bass - Chief Executive Officer: Thank you, Dave and good afternoon everyone. Building on the momentum we generated last quarter, we are off to a positive start to FY ‘15 strengthening our core business led to better than expected billings revenue, operating margin and EPS. We also made excellent progress on our business model transition by adding over 89,000 subscriptions in the quarter. These results coupled with the significant increase in backlog and record deferred revenue left us pleased with the overall results. In Q1, we introduced our new 2015 line of design and creation suites, as well as updated products across our portfolio. Our 2015 portfolio offers best-in-class desktop products and powerful cloud services that are being adopted by a growing number of our customers around the world. Customer reaction to the 2015 suites has been positive and revenue from suites posted strong growth once again. I really can’t emphasize enough the success we have had with our suites initiative and the value that suites have contributed to Autodesk over the past three years. Our customers value the diverse functionality they provide. And it’s worth repeating that suites remain one of the pillars of our growth strategy and support our long-term goal of generating 20% more value from our subscription customers. Our AEC results continue to be driven by the ongoing recovery in the commercial construction market coupled with the customer excited for our desktop and cloud based BIM tools. Continued adoption of BIM in the building and infrastructure industries drove growth in our AEC suites and our cloud based BIM 360 offering. Cloud and mobile are really resonating with our customers, which is an important step realizing the potential of BIM in construction as we increase our ability to provide the industry with in the field access to real time design information. We closed several large AEC transactions in the quarter including a significant win with a transportation agency for one of the largest cities in Europe. This agency has been a competitor stronghold for many years. They will now be implementing an array of our products including the infrastructure design suite BIM 360 and PLM 360 for use in some of their highest profile road, rail and infrastructure projects. Importantly our AEC solutions will help the agency to become compliant with expanding government BIM mandates. Our manufacturing business continues to perform well on a global basis. We experienced solid demand in both mature and emerging markets as we continue to expand our business with industrial machinery, consumer products and automotive customers. We continue to make investments in our portfolio and recently expanded our solution to include new functionality like composite analysis technology for our simulation offering. As a result of these investments we are seeing greater penetration in industries like aerospace and automotive. We continue to make progress with our 100% cloud based PLM 360 and we are seeing some great trends there. What should really tell you about the strength of the product is that shortly after their initial purchase, many customers come back to us wanting additional (suites) that’s the beauty around ease of deployment with PLM 360 and illustrates how users value the product and its potential and multiple PLM initiatives. We are also seeing more and more companies that are religious about the cloud. We closed a number of them in Q1 and we think those types of customers will only grow as we go forward. As a large enterprise company Autodesk has wholeheartedly embraced the cloud. We closed the Delcam transaction early in Q1. Delcam’s business in Q1 was healthy, but after applying the typical acquisition accounting treatments, the revenue we have recognized was immaterial to the quarter. We are very excited about the early stages of our collaboration which will help to extend Autodesk much deeper into the manufacturing process with the industry leading technology for CAM. It’s great to have the Delcam team onboard as we further broaden our already strong manufacturing solutions. From the geographic perspective we experienced continued strength in A-Pac led by strong demand in Japan and South Korea. The results in EMEA continued to be mix by country. In the Americas we are pleased with the trends we are seeing. When considering the growth in our backlog, our year-on-year growth in all major geographies was much better than was reported. We are still at the very beginning of our business model transition and we are seeing growth across the board in adoption of our cloud and mobile solutions. We are receiving positive feedback from customers which is a clear indication that the cloud is changing the way the world is designed and made. Customers are changing their mindset to adopt to more collaborative connected environment so teams can now be more integrated and efficient. We are really pleased with the increase in subscriptions in the quarter. As anticipated the vast majority were maintenance subscriptions, but we are encouraged by what we are seeing in both desktops subscription and cloud subscription. After wining a pilot project in France for the past two quarters, we launched the global availability of AutoCAD LT as a desktop subscription last month and it looks to be off to a great start. This was nice to see when we consider we also posted growth in perpetual AutoCAD LT licenses. Both desktop subscription and cloud subscription namely Autodesk PLM 360 continued to expand our leads and bring new customers to Autodesk. Another element of our business model transition is offering our enterprise customers more flexible licensing options. In addition to being of great benefit for our customers these contracts create a larger recurring revenue stream, which is recognized ratably. In the first quarter we transitioned $30 million from license revenue to deferred revenue. As expected, the amount transitioned in Q1 was small and similarly expect to see a small amount transitioned in Q2. I will reiterate that our business model transition will not be perfectly linear and that the amount of business that we transition and the number of new subscriptions we had will fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year. We were expecting the transition to progress gradually in FY ‘15 and then ramp more significantly by the time we get to FY ‘17 and FY ‘18. Given our strong Q1 performance and our optimistic view of the macroeconomic environment, we have raised our FY ‘15 guidance ranges for billings and revenue. So to wrap things up, we were pleased with our overall results in Q1 and we continue to feel great about our opportunities in the direction of the company. It’s still very early in our business model transition, but we are encouraged by what we experienced in the first quarter. We look forward to building on these early successes and transitioned Autodesk to a more profitable and recurring subscription-based model over the next four years. So, let me take a minute to talk about what we announced yesterday at MakerCon. For the past few years, I have been frequently asked about Autodesk rolling opportunity in 3D printing. And I have been fascinated by the promise and frustrated by the reality of 3D printing. So, we are developing an open software platform for 3D printing called Spark, which will make it more reliable, yet simple to print 3D models and easy to control how that model was actually printed. Spark will be opened and freely licensable to hardware manufacturers and others who are interested. Same for our 3D printer, the complete design of the printer will be made publicly available to allow for further development in experimentation. I will also introduce our own 3D printer as a showcase and reference implementation for Spark. We will have more to say on this later in the year, but wanted to let you in on this exciting development. To be clear, this does not impact our four-year financial targets of 12% billings CAGR, 20% more annual value from our new and existing subscriptions and a 50% increase in subscriptions while getting to a 30% non-GAAP operating margin by the end of FY ‘18. Operator, we would now like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) The first question comes from Raimo Lenschow from Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow - Barclays: I am sorry there, sorry there, we just couldn’t hear you. I just wanted to ask quickly on the subscriber count, obviously much better than we are expecting, can you talk about what – were there any promotions during the quarter that might have driven that and the guidance for the full year wasn’t moved? Can you talk about with the strong performance, why didn’t the full year range move at all?
Carl Bass: Yes. So, first let me just give you an answer on the promotion. I think the thing that’s probably the most important figuring out what went on was the fact that we announced the elimination of upgrades next year. So, that’s probably the driving force more specifically than any promotion. There were actual promotions tied to it and different opportunities for our customers to pickup on subscriptions, but that really the motivating factor there. On the guidance for the year, our feeling was it was a really good quarter exceeding our expectations. We would like to give another quarter to understand it. And if we were to have another quarter like this one, we would already be there. So, we understand how it changes our guidance for the year, but we figured we’d wait one more quarter since we are pretty new to some of these metrics and the conditions under we are operating in. Once we get a better handle on them, we will most likely be after Q2.
Mark Hawkins: Yes. And just to build on Carl’s comment exactly. And just obviously we are pleased out of the gate for sure. I just add in addition to the kind of the normal promos that we run to drive things which were pretty much normal activity I was also pleased just to see the desktop subscriptions are growing, albeit it’s a smaller number, the growth rate was attracted in the same with the cloud. And with our enterprise customers as well, we are seeing contribution across the board, but of course to Carl’s point maintenance would be the biggest at this stage as expected.
Raimo Lenschow - Barclays: Great, guys. That’s helpful. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brent Thill from UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS: Good afternoon, Carl, the majority of the upside in your guidance at least in our model was in AEC, can you give us the sense of where you outperformed?
Carl Bass: Yes. I mean the first thing I would say is what we are seeing is a worldwide recovery in commercial construction, so it’s a combination of several factors, the same factors around which you will remember the upgrades affects AEC. We should – we have seen a rebound across the globe in terms of AEC. It’s also I think we are into that next stage where in the beginning we are really talking about our early adopters of BIM. We are no longer talking about early adopters. BIM is our mainstream and now it’s moving out to the field. And so we are getting to the next part where we are seeing much larger deployments within firms as well as receiving the new opportunity in the construction part as people take this information to the field. On a geographic basis, Brent I mean it was really good all over.
Brent Thill - UBS: And just a follow-up on the geo Asia-Pacific up 15% constant currency, what are you seeing there and I think you called out Japan which has been weak for lot of other tech companies that we all interact with, are you starting to see a broad return there?
Carl Bass: Yes. Brent, so let me just back off the AEC, so we are not doubly segmented here. Just in general if you just look by countries, Asia has been good for us, it continues to be strong. Japan for us has been strong for a while now. And we keep scratching our head because we pay attention to what the other companies are reporting, but Asia has been good. When we look globally the only place is that I still scratch my head about a little bit or some of the emerging countries. We were just joking about Southern Europe is finally growing, but it’s maybe because it shrunk for so long that we knew there was a bottom somewhere. But we already have been seeing lights come back to a number of countries in Southern Europe. So the only ones that are a little bit about only generate high to some of the BRIC countries in particularly with some of the geopolitical stuff going on in place like Russia.
Brent Thill - UBS: Great. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the Heather Bellini from Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you. Carl, just a couple questions for you. I was wondering if you can help us out with of the strong subscriptions that you signed this quarter, can you give us a sense for how many of those, what percentage were sort of 360 club type offerings versus your traditional customers who were attaching maintenance. And also – if you could also then talk a little bit about your cloud offerings and share with us which one of those are you seeing the fastest uptick in? Thanks.
Carl Bass: Yes. So we haven’t broken out the subscriptions, but I would tell you this quarter is the majority or a large majority Heather, were actually maintenance subscriptions. That’s where we focused a lot of our attention. When it gets to the cloud, I mean there are a couple of things that are doing really well. BIM 360, we talked about a lot last quarter and it was down quarter-over-quarter, but still has a great year-over-year growth rate. So BIM 360 is doing really well. I am really pleased with PLM 360 I talked about it a little bit in the prepared remarks. One of the things we are liking about PLM 360 and this is always a great sign of product that is well liked is that the customer start with the small thing and then they come back maybe one more and then they come back again. And so we are starting to see large deployments of PLM 360. Those are the big ones for right now which affects revenue, there is a lots of other positive signs and we certainly seen trends change in terms of our customers preferences. And while there is still some reluctance to the cloud in our customer base, there are many use cases. Companies are building certainly more tolerant and where some of the forward looking companies are getting aggressive about demand in cloud solutions, so that’s a little bit of change in the selling environment we are seeing.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs: Great. Thank you.
Carl Bass: You’re welcome.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Ashley from Robert W. Baird.
Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird: Hi, thank you very much. Wondering if you have any metrics around larger deals and how they are flowing, you kind of referred to it a couple of times here, I don’t know if you have anything you can put your hands on maybe just qualitatively talk about what might be happening with that?
Mark Hawkins: Sure. Steve happy to do so. Every quarter we don’t disclose a number of deals that are – what we call large deals greater than $1 million deal. This quarter I will just say that it was up year-on-year modestly, but we are pleased to see that. There has been a number of large deals were up.
Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird: Right. Kind of forgotten child here is the M&E business I know it’s just 6% of total, when we might we hope that that business might flatten out?
Carl Bass: So I mean there are two parts, I mean a thing to remember that the M&E business are really two parts to it is that creative finishing part and then there is the animation software business. We have repeatedly said the animation software business is a good business, good margins, continues to grow, we are happy with that part of the business. For a long time we have talked about how the creative finishing business was going to shrink. Remember a lot of in that numbers is also hardware that we have been pointing out over time and it continues to go down. So it continues to be the creative finishing business most of the overall M&E. But the animation business we like and really has great synergy with the rest of our business. The creative finishing business is really a changing model – it’s changing and relatively small market.
Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird: Thanks, very much.
Carl Bass: Sure Steve.
Operator: Your next question comes from Kash Rangan from Merrill Lynch.
Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch: Hi, thank you very much guys for taking my question. I just wanted to get a little bit more color, you had talked about 89,000 new subs and you also Carl talked about how the majority of that was maintenance subs. So when I look at the expense growth in the quarter on a year-over-year basis I am trying to understand where did that expense growth – understanding that you are going through this model transition, and you are investing to get sub growth at the same time I was just curious to find out if there is anything off the balance sheet that explains the investments to ramp up your subs since I have add back the growth to the backlog and the amount of deferred license revenues I can get a pro forma margin of about 22% or so which is still a little bit below last year. So I am trying to understand what are we not seeing in the income statement that helps us understand the pace of these investments, if the majority of the subs that you added 89,000 was indeed maintenance subs? Thank you very much.
Mark Hawkins: Sure. So let me take this – Carl maybe you could follow-up. There is a lot in that question, so we will catch and then try to post that make sure recover all the ground. But help me I miss something. The first think just building on Carl’s comment absolutely of 89,000 as planned and again we talked about this gradual ramp was with the desktops and the gradual ramp with the cloud. This is playing out exactly as planned in fact I would say even a bit – we are pleased with the way that we are coming out of the gate in total with the 89K, but I just want to be the clear the majority are maintenance but it was of cloud and desktop we planned. The second thing I want to get to is, your question around the year-on-year spend, one of the things that we try to be really clear on is there are fundamentally four things that we are investing in. Let’s get start with the top, we are investing in the cloud to make sure that we have undisputed leadership in the cloud, full start for this whole next generation of offerings that’s been (acted out). The second thing we have been investing is to ensure that is just not a transformation of successful including retooling in the back half that’s being disruption and so on and so forth. Those are not insignificant investments that we are making. We are pleased that we are making those. We are absolutely as consistent with our strategic plan that we have even talked about at the IR Day. The other costs that we should know that of course pointed out maybe cost including cash some are cost of question if you recall last year being below plan, our incentive for employees was obviously less than 100% target. This year we need to plan for it to be up at 100%. So there is that natural release of cost suppression (indiscernible) such. And then the last thing that is not insignificant is the fact that we have done some significant M&A of which is diluted this year but of course accretive next year and you saw a portion of that in Q1 a month of that in Delcam you will see a full quarter, for example in Q2, because of the consolidation in later part. So (more down) the employee related costs with the unfolding of cost suppression year-on-year, M&A Delcam being the headline, cloud investment being to investment and there you go, very consistent with our plan. The most important thing that I would call out Kash is absolutely reaffirming our commitment for the plan for the year that we talked about at the beginning of the year and absolutely reaffirming our full year plan. So…
Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch: Great to hear that and also by token I should reduce that 150,000 to 200,000 sub additions are going to be more back end weighted because if I just look at the license revenue and ballpark the number of maintenance subscriptions, you would be pulling in just with your licenses, that alone should be equal to that 150,000 to 200,00 net new subs, right. So I am just wondering if four-year plan really cost for a lot of the rental if you will net new seats are going to be really waited towards the second half of the time period because the apps don’t seem to jive up with the license then to explain the more back in loaded scenario, just perfectly time, but just want to clarify that?
Carl Bass: Kash, I think it would certainly be clear to say that we’re growing desktop subscriptions and our cloud offerings at a gradual ramp as we talked about higher that at IR day back in the October timeframe. We talked about in Q1 it’s just a consistent building I mean we really pleased at the way things are coming out of gate. Where you would expect we have a program for 10 years that’s been maintenance subscription with that numbers going be bigger than the first quarter or so up going the other one. But the growth rates were pleased with. It’s unfolding nicely and Kash only last thing I would throw out at you is. In addition to looking at deferred revenue which I think you addressed appropriately and as a record for the company up 14% year-on-year I did find for the transition don’t forget our backlog is up $30 million year-on-year and that backlog is not billed or shipped. And so that’s an indicated also demand you should think of us.
Mark Hawkins: Yes. I just one small piece of total idea on the maintenance subscriptions, given the programs in driving people in the subscription. In addition to our increase emphasis on it, I would expect to see that to continue to grow through the year. So, certainly the fourth quarter you can imagine being large because it’s going to be right up against the deadline. Can’t understand quite the shape, but the first quarter was strong, go easy in the second quarter in momentum continues in the fourth one will be strong. There is still little bit about but I would not expect that to slowdown at the end of the year at all, exactly the country?
Kash Rangan – Merrill Lynch: Wonderful, thank so much. And see it our conference in couple weeks in San Francisco.
Carl Bass: Good, thanks
Operator: The next question comes from Brendan Barnicle from Pacific Crest.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest: Hi, thank so much, Carl. I was really interested and maybe a talk a little bit about the pilot you were in France. You’ve rolled that out globally now with autoCAD LT and what you saw in terms of the new users you hadn’t previously been on autoCAD. It gives any color about what kind of growth you saw their percentage or anything more in terms of genuine new users cases you’re saying on that individual in the cloud based version of AutoCAD LT?
Carl Bass: Yeah. What we saw in France, what we saw in the first quarter, the other almost identical amount of perpetual sales as the prior period plus we had a substantial number of desktop subscriptions, just the behave we want to so probably is moderates the growth of little in perpetual but in total it’s a much bigger number and that same dynamic is play as we rolled out in other places. We are – we’ve done a little bit survey work what is seems to be is there are people who are price sensitive to upfront costs. There are people who have peak demand loading issues the work force change in size and having a more flexible way to get access to the is good and truthfully I suspect some people who didn’t pay for the software. We would like to couldn’t afford to some other reason who are now actually good, were actually given an affordable option are choosing to pay for it.
Brendan Barnicle – Pacific Crest: So, if you looked that group that’s either new because of the price point or piracy or whatever, 1% do you think they represent of that total of number of folks who bought it as a perpetual and now bought it in the cloud. Is there way to look at that metric at all?
Carl Bass: The amount of (indiscernible), is only do…
Brendan Barnicle – Pacific Crest: I’m trying to get with actually net new what percent of although you think I can net new is oppose the transition.
Carl Bass: I think is I don’t have great numbers or I would say probably 20%, 30%.
Brendan Barnicle – Pacific Crest: Terrific and then have you as you take this out globally anything that yield we doing different that would – making think you wouldn’t get that same sort of adoption or are markets so different it’s just hard tied out this point?
Carl Bass: No, I mean our senses will be same having said that, having done this job, long enough where you always surprise by behavior in a given countries and is always individual dynamics about the markets. But generally speaking we’ve now proven in to ourselves enough places that we expect for the most part the rollout to be identical.
Brendan Barnicle – Pacific Crest: Perfect, thank so much that for additional color.
Operator: The next question comes from Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss – Morgan Stanley: Excellent. Very nice quarter guys and thank you for taking my question. When you at Analyst Day, you talked about this base of non-maintenance paying, but active customers, can you give us a sense of the 89,000 subs are sort of the good progress you had in subs. How much of that was sort of new seats, new customer driven how much of that was going after that base of non-maintenance paying subs as this guys sort of carrying on sort of upgrading and getting on board with the maintenance program?
Mark Hawkins: We don’t have the exact number. It’s a little bit hard for us to get it perfectly, but I suspect the fair number is out of the base of non-maintenance paying customers.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley: Got it. And then on a different tact when it comes to the 3D printer and sort of the reference architecture, so you have reference architecture for other people to make clone 3D printers, there is a sort of open source Spark software, can you walk us through what’s going to be the longer term? So, how does Autodesk conventionally get paid on this? Where do you see is the path to modernization for you guys or sort of the advantage of you guys going forward and proselytizing this if you will?
Carl Bass: Yes. I think there are really two things. One is if you are going to stand today and one will play out over the year, you need the year. And so first one is our customers make more 3D models than anybody. More 3D printer models come from our software. So, to the extent that we increased the demand for 3D modeling software, we think we will get our fair share of people who now want 3D modeling software. And we have seen that play out. And what we are really trying to do is make that whole work flow smoother. I will date myself here a little bit, but remember, there is a period of time in which Apple felt the need to have a laser writer of its own.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley: Yes.
Carl Bass: It’s good you dated yourself. Yes, I am glad I sucked you in on that one. Yes, and so it was like as I said, the that second part is a little bit more complex, but we have been doing a lot of modeling software that relies on in order to produce the parts relies on intimate knowledge of the 3D printers. And we wanted to really close tight connection and demonstrate how good the experience could be when you get the hardware, software and material sciences right. And so we will be introducing more software this year and potentially more hardware to take advantage of that. So, stay tuned to that part, but I think the simple straightforward one is everything that’s 3D printed was generally 3D modeled and we are the largest supplier of 3D modeling software.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley: Got it. So, the Spark software, that’s just about the interface between the design software and the printer itself, it’s not the design software?
Carl Bass: Yes. We are really going to keep a good analogy on this that I have been using try to explain think of the Spark software as a little bit like Android, kind of the – if Android is an OS for mobile phones, this is an OS for 3D printing and think of the printer and by the way just to make sure that we are speaking to say minus. We are not only giving you reference architecture, we are actually producing the printer. So, we will reference implementation that we will manufacture. And think of that machine as a Nexus One. Google continues to produce cell phones even though the success of it really depends on companies like Samsung and HTC producing way more than they do.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley: Excellent, very helpful. Thank you guys.
Carl Bass: Okay, thanks, Keith.
Operator: The next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities: Yes, thanks. Good afternoon. Carl, Mark, I would like to ask first about your licensing model for token or usage based consumption of the kind for example that you did with the large contract in Q4. The question is can that time of token-based model be implemented or offered beyond just the large or largest project-oriented customers as an AEC in particular with the sort of thing that could potentially be offered to the SMB customer base. Additionally, is it possible that this model is broadly adopted by large and SMB customers could turn out to be a larger source of repeatable for you than either rentals or even the 360 services?
Carl Bass: Before I go to the most speculative part of your question, Jay, let me answer the factual one which is yes, we can actually we are doing some places and it can be done in more. So, the flexible license that allows people access to more software is a great model. I think it is a win-win here, it’s good for the customers, it’s good for us. We’ve demonstrated it over and over again in the large enterprise accounts and I think it’s true almost all the way down through the pyramid of size of customers. And so there was a little giggle here because we’ve just spent the last couple of hours here talking about doing that more broadly. So you’re on to something that. It could be a big source of revenue when you get to the more secular one. The one I want to throw in, it certainly could be bigger than the desktop subscriptions, I’m not sure it will be bigger than the cloud subscriptions. I think there is a huge amount of value tied up in delivering services through the cloud that were just beginning to tap into and I won’t venture that this is bigger but it’s certainly a meaningful and an important way that customers could get access to more software in a more convenient and affordable way.
Mark Hawkins: I think what you’re pointing out Jay is there is multiple levers for us to get to the 70% north of 70% recurring revenue. And I think that’s good point.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities: Okay. My second question is the obligatory channel question. First, could you talk about the result so far of having re-implemented the earned back comp model versus what you had previously for the last couple of years. Could you talk about how that’s influencing channel productivity, channel behavior having gone back to that? Also the company has talked about for example at AU the last couple of years about the prospect of channel consolidation. Any signs of that and is that sort of thing that you would watch passively occur let’s say was that the sort of thing that perhaps you might encourage or otherwise get involved in?
Carl Bass: So I think the answer to the first part of your question is it seems to work quite well in Q1. The model seems to be working. When it comes to channel partners I mean these are independent businesses we’re keenly interested but I don’t think we would take an active hand, we haven’t seen any signs of consolidation. I think most of our comments about consolidation have generally been over the long-term. When people ask kind of speculatively what do you think will happen I mean those are we speculated that they will get a figure, we don’t see any real signs of it. The only times that we saw consolidation happening or enter into the channel it’s really doing like 2008, 2009, they are really hard economic times, we saw a little consolidation there but on an ongoing basis generally channel seems to be doing well and I think in particular over the last few quarters they’ve done very well.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities: Thanks, Carl, thanks, Mike.
Carl Bass: You’re welcome, Jay.
Mark Hawkins: Thanks.
Operator: The next question comes from Gregg Moskowitz from Cowen and Company.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company: Thank you very much and good afternoon guys. Carl, you mentioned that the revenue impact from the business model change was less this quarter than in the Q4. Could you tell us that again concentrated in AEC in the Americas, there was the shift to subscription, somewhat meaningful or starting to get somewhat meaningful in other verticals or geos as well?
Carl Bass: It was small enough to hardly matter. I mean I think it’s a time to really look us in Q4 this year when those contracts come up for renewal again. That’s really the time to look at. And I think you will see in Q4 of this coming year being more broad-based both by industry and geo. As we talked about at the time a number of the deals that were on kind of on the docketing Q4 didn’t close and in the end we decide them to close them as is rather than introduce the business model change, it just got hard and we recognize that it was probably best for everyone just to take the business off the table. But I think in Q4 this year where there is more preparation with our account managers working with our large customers I think you’ll see a more broad-based switch.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company: Okay. That’s helpful. And then just one follow-up. So after some pretty lean quarters, AutoCAD LT has been doing better recently and putting aside to desktop subscriptions for a moment. Can you talk about what’s driving the improvement in perpetual licenses?
Carl Bass: I think one is the desktop, the desktop subscriptions are definitely helping. You’d see much more modest growth in that number but it wasn’t for that. I think the other thing was as we said at the time is we took our eye off the ball a little bit. And when we paid more attention to it we could actually drive the results.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company: Perfect. Thanks very much.
Operator: The next question comes from Walter Pritchard from Citigroup.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup: Hi, thanks. Two questions. Just first on the upgrades you talked about seeing some strength there and you talked about it possibly strengthening in as you get towards back half of the year. Could you talk about qualitatively on – are you seeing growth in upgrades year-over-year, how much in any sense as to where we might see that as we exit the year?
Mark Hawkins: One thing Walter I’d say is we don’t breakout the upgrades specifically but I think building on Carl’s comment certainly we saw nice performance in Q1. And I think just by the definition of the fact that the upgrades are going away and just to go to market plans that we have we would expect it to spike in Q4. So that won’t be a shock to see to us to see that happen.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup: And then Mark there was a quote in the prepared remarks talking about being committed to returning excess cash. And I’m wondering if you could just give us some framework around how much cash you feel like you need to run the business and therefore kind of to do so much as is excess?
Mark Hawkins: Sure. Well a couple of things here. The first thing I would say is that just kind of historical facts Walter in the last couple of years we’ve returned 70% of our operating cash flow back to the shareholders vis-à-vis the share buyback and about 80% of our free cash flow roughly speaking in the last couple of years. And so we certainly have shown evidence of doing that number one to kind of backup that fact. The second thing as you know the vast preponderance of our cash is offshore it’s roughly about 75% of our cash is offshore and so we try to keep a balance in terms of the U.S. cash from that standpoint. So I haven’t given an exact number out. There is a number that we look at that we talk with the management team and the board about and I’m not wanting to disclose a specific number but obviously we need to keep some flexibility in U.S. cash that’s the thing I’m most sensitive to for lots of reasons, Walter that you appreciate whether it’s M&A or other strategic reasons.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup: Okay, great. Thank you.
Mark Hawkins: You bet.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Hedberg from RBC Capital Markets.
Matt Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets: Yes. Thanks for taking my question guys. I know at this point you’re not breaking out this split between maintenance and cloud and certainly on quarterly basis subs can be lumpy. But I guess I’m wondering is there a timeframe that we can think about when cloud will be a majority of the sub ads in quarter kind of as you think about attaining your longer term both billings and margin targets?
Carl Bass: We’re not sure while we have a model that says when it is. We don’t really know. The one thing we did say in the fourth quarter is that we’d start giving you more metrics on this as we went through the year. So we’re going to continue to look at it and try to give you a little bit more visibility, we didn’t want to promise it every quarter, we knew it would be lumpy, but probably give us a quarter or two more under in our belt and we’ll start breaking out more the metrics around subscription.
Matt Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets: That’s great. And then a question about Fusion 360 sounds like there is some good success there. I’m wondering what is a typical customer look like for that product and potentially how do you think about adding functionality to expand it’s usage if you think about a more fully functioned desktop CAD solution?
Carl Bass: The way I think about it is Fusion is about form function and fabrication so the kind of people who are using it tend to be small companies, tend to be at the cutting edge and they’re interested in products that – mechanical products that are ecstatic where the form actually matters and they might actually really be interested in how it’s fabricated. So 3D printed machines so it tends to be the kinds of products you see like consumer products, medical devices more in that category than you would see big heavy industrial equipment. We’re going to continue to add functionality to the trick with it is we wanted (indiscernible) the easiest used product out there, we wanted to be simple and complete in a different way than some of our other offerings like Inventor or some of the competitive offerings. So we’re really pleased with the progress it has and the one thing about it it’s really attractive in different time of customer. Unlike other times where we’ve introduced new products and there is a lot of consternation amongst our customers and our partners and therefore us that should I buy A or should I buy B I think it’s pretty obvious to everybody involved which one to buy and we’re bringing in lots of new customers. And the premium for them is on things like collaboration it’s working in the cloud, its sharing models and it’s really about a different way to work than I would see in many of our larger manufacturing customers.
Matt Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets: Right. Thanks. Very helpful, Carl.
Carl Bass: Okay. You’re welcome.
Operator: The next question comes from Steve Koenig from Wedbush.
Steve Koenig - Wedbush: Hi, good afternoon. Thanks for taking my question. I was curious to get your though qualitatively on this. As your license upgrades go away at the start of next year and your – but you’re still on your year-on-year model transition, so you haven’t gotten maximum traction you got probably on cloud and desktop subscriptions. What’s the shape of that subscription ad curve next year, in other words should that – should we expect a bit of a low (valley) next year before things pickup in your (indiscernible). And I guess the related question on to that now and that’s all I have which is just your thoughts qualitatively on the kinds of subscriptions that you have which ones will become important following the good results in maintenance subscriptions, which – is it the desktop subscriptions next or the cloud subscriptions. How do you expect the competition of your subscription additions to change over time?
Carl Bass: Okay. Let me answer the first question because it informs the second. I think if we did nothing different from where we’re today if we introduced no program changes or policy changes for next year you would see a low in the curve, you would see something downward. Not wanting to have that happen. We have a number of knobs and dials we can turn programmatically and through our different offerings and promotions to change the shape of that curve. So that – I hope that makes sense. So left without of doing anything it goes down we believe we have a number of things we can do to change that so that it goes up. When you move to your second question clearly maintenance subscriptions because of the size of it will be the most important for a long time. We – there are number of things we can do around desktop subscriptions to make them more attractive. If you remember how we made the transition from upgrades to maintenance subscription over the last decade, one of the strongest ways was to provide financial incentives for customers to (mobile) and we can do the same thing with desktop subscriptions. And then the last part is I think for the future the most important are the cloud subscriptions. The cloud subscriptions in the long-term will be the most important but we will never get there from here unless we start with a really strong base of maintenance subscriptions.
Mark Hawkins: I would just add to Carl’s point too. I agree with all that and then also you talked about the leverage that we can put on the bid on. The enterprise it’s a last point that we also have the levers to be able to flip significantly and so.
Carl Bass: Good point, Mark.
Mark Hawkins: Yes, to shut that in.
Steve Koenig - Wedbush: Okay, great. Thanks for your color on that.
Operator: The next question comes from Matt Williams from Evercore.
Matt Williams - Evercore: Hi, good afternoon guys. Thanks for filling me in. Carl, just one for you maybe more macro-related, you spoke some about conditions in the commercial construction market. And I’m just wondering if you can provide a little bit of an update around what you’re seeing in manufacturing vertical, some of the data points that you can point too? It’s nothing else increased stability there and I’m just curious from a growth standpoint what you’re seeing in that vertical?
Carl Bass: Yes. So I’m a little bit confused truthfully by some of the economic data out there. Sometimes I think people the needle is too sensitive and it’s bouncing too much with some of the manufacturing date out there. What we’re seeing from our business is relatively stable, it’s been stable, it’s growing, it’s relatively healthy across the globe. Again I’d add the one caveat there are a couple of geographies I worry about a little bit, the only one I really worry about is Russia right now. But we’ve seen relative stability just and hopefully steady growth everywhere. So a little bit of economic data coming out is a little bit surprising and like I said we maybe looking at a little bit too much perturbation of needle, that’s a little too sensitive. When you get out of it qualitatively or anecdotally from talking to customers there seems to be a general comfort amongst most of our manufacturing customers as their businesses are doing well. They’re investing for the future, their focus these days they’ve moved on from being driven truly by quality and cost so they’re really interested in innovation and agility, how do I get better markets, better products to market more quickly, how do I differentiated my products and they’re willing to invest in retooling. They’re doing it in a healthy thoughtful way. So I feel really good about what’s going on in manufacturing and once we have the data plays out over the next couple of quarters.
Matt Williams - Evercore: Great. That’s helpful. And maybe just one sort of follow-up along the same lines there. In the past you’ve talked about PLM 360 and really opening to that new customers. I was just curious if you could provide any update on trends you’re seeing there and if that is starting to move maybe beyond just the departmental sort of deployment or is it moving out market at all just any color on the PLM 360 business would be helpful?
Carl Bass: Yes, the PLM continues to the most and most of the customers are either new to Autodesk entirely where they certainly are in primarily in Autodesk shop. And that continues to be true. The other profile about many of the PLM 360 customers there are companies who have made a decision that their IT strategy revolves around cloud deployments so they’re frequently deploying other cloud-based products like NetSuite, Salesforce, Workday and they’ve made a decision this is the way they go about business. And so when they go out there looking you were obviously the leading or one of the leading choices there. So and what we’re seeing and I kind of referenced it a couple of times, what we’re seeing is increased size of the deployments and that’s the healthiest sign. People start with numbers in the dozens and now they’re getting up to the 100s and what I like most of all that I’m seeing in the PLM 360 business is more small deals and more repeat deals, so we’re broadening the number of deals in the quarter and we’re starting to see the repeat deals in both to meet our indicators of the healthy growing business.
Matt Williams - Evercore: Great. Thanks so much for the color.
Carl Bass: Okay. You’re welcome.
Operator: The next question comes from Sterling Auty from JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: Yes. Thanks. Carl, you touched upon this a little bit in your last answer. So Russia (indiscernible) actually called out specifically saying that it has an impact on the business in the quarter. Are you saying that you’re keeping an eye on it but you haven’t seen any impact thus far?
Carl Bass: No, we have seen – we have what you said and we’ve certainly seen an impact. And if I had to guess I suspect it’s going to get worse before it’s going to get better. It’s a little on the horizon that says people are about to invest more in Russia. So I think it will get worse, definitely was not a bright spot for us this quarter.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: I think that.
Mark Hawkins: Sterling, that’s a small part of our business.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: I think part of it was whether it would have spillover factored into more of core Continental Europe which is a big part of your business?
Carl Bass: Yes, I haven’t seen that. I mean obviously it’s a big economy and but generally speaking the rest of Europe looks reasonably healthy task. And we didn’t pickup anything during the quarter that we change that opinion.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: Got it. On a different topic, can you remind us what in this year’s suite of products in terms of future functionality is there to help motivate the adoption of subscription and maybe what you’ve talked about at least at this point in terms of what might come in the next round of upgrades that again where future functionality that would only be available if you had some sort of subscription attached?
Carl Bass: I think there were a number of things that we’re doing, but I think the primary one is just the fact that the upgrades are going away.
Mark Hawkins: I could tell you all kinds of wonderful things on the other side but I think the truth of the matter is people right now are making a decision of how they want to buy for the future, we’ve told them that perpetual licenses and buying a new one every five years is still an option but there is no way to buy an upgrade and so what I think people are doing is they’re deciding between getting our maintenance subscription or getting on desktop subscription. And that’s probably the primary driver of the behavior in all the upsides you saw.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: Makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from Richard Davis from Canaccord.
Richard Davis - Canaccord: Hi, thanks. So one question I kind of small a little bit and I can’t remember how you wrote it in the note about the other day. But have you been able to kind of encourage kind of what I would call unaided downloads on the web, so that nothing we can love sales (indiscernible) that, but there is no friction with regard to that. I mean, at some point down at the low end of the market, you might be able to have an easy enough brain simple download that would allow you to get revenues without a lot of cost to absorb in sales and marketing expense? Thanks.
Carl Bass: Yes. One of the things we have done extensively is try to ease the download and trial process. We have done it as we have talked in education and we see now millions of downloads in education. We also see thousands and thousands of trials. And the difference between the trial and a buy is really the exchange of payment method. You need a credit card. So what we see a lot of is people most of our sales and particularly our online sales start with the trial of download. And we are getting better at doing it. And I think customers are getting much more comfortable doing, much more comfortable downloading and paying for software online.
Richard Davis - Canaccord: Got it. Great, thanks.
Carl Bass: You’re welcome.
Operator: I am showing no further questions. I would now like to turn the call back over to Dave Gennarelli.
David Gennarelli - Director, Investor Relations: Alright, thanks everybody. That concludes our call. Lastly, we are going to be at the Morgan Stanley Conference on June 3. And if you need to reach me, you can reach me at 415-507-6033. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude the conference for today. Again, thank you for your participation. You may all disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2014 Q4  (2014-02-26 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Gennarelli – Director of IR Carl Bass – President and CEO Mark Hawkins – EVP and CFO 
Analysts: Brent Thill – UBS Steve Ashley – Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc. Heather Bellini – Goldman Sachs Ken Wong – Citigroup Kash Rangan – BofA Merrill Lynch Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities, Inc. Keith Weiss – Morgan Stanley Phil Winslow – Credit Suisse Steve Koenig – Wedbush Securities Ross MacMillan – Jefferies & Company Matt Williams – Evercore Partners
Operator: Good day. Welcome to the Autodesk fourth-quarter fiscal-year 2014 earnings conference call. All lines have been placed on mute to prevent any background noise. After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions) Mr. Dave Gennarelli, Director, Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
David Gennarelli:  Thank you, operator, and good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our fourth quarter. Joining me today are Carl Bass, our Chief Executive Officer, and Mark Hawkins, our Chief Financial Officer. Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at Autodesk.com/investor. As noted in our press release, we have published our prepared remarks on our website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments, and we will not repeat them on this call. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the anticipated future performance of the Company, such as our guidance for the first quarter and full-year fiscal 2015, long-term financial model guidance, including subscriptions, value per subscription, billings, and recurring revenue growth. The factors we use to estimate our guidance are business model transition, new product and suite releases, market adoption and expected growth rates, cost management efforts, our market opportunities and strategies, business execution, trends and sales initiatives for our products, and trends in various geographies and industries. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time to time with the SEC, specifically our Form 10-K for the FY ‘13; Form 10-Q for the periods ended April 30, July 31, and October 31, 2013; and our current reports on Form 8-K, including the 8-K filed with today's press release and prepared remarks. Those documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call today are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented on the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today's call, but will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so during a public forum. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today's press release, prepared remarks, and on the investor relations section of our website. We will quote a number of numeric growth changes as we discuss our financial performance, and unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Carl.
Carl Bass:  Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. We finished the year strongly and have good momentum going into fiscal 2015. This was the first quarter of our new business model transition. Considering the substantial sequential backlog we built, along with the strong cash flow in deferred revenue, we are very pleased with the overall results. I'll get into our business model transition in a minute, but first I'll call out some highlights from Q4. Our fourth-quarter results were driven by continued strength in both our AEC segment and suites offerings. Our AEC business really had a spectacular quarter to close out a record year. We booked a significant number of $1 million-plus transactions, including the largest transaction in Autodesk history, worth more than $20 million. We made significant progress in driving BIM adoption in the AEC industry. BIM is increasingly mandated on projects, and we're partnering with our customers to ensure they have the right tools to deliver high quality projects. Collaboration and mobility are rising in importance for our customers, and that's what our cloud-based BIM 360 product is all about. Last quarter, I mentioned we booked our first $1-million transaction for BIM 360. In Q4, we booked more than 20 BIM-360 transactions worth over $100,000, including two new transactions worth over $1 million each. In just a few quarters, BIM 360 has become one of our fastest growing products ever. Another area of strength in our fourth-quarter results is the continued adoption of our suites, which grew 15% and now represent 37% of total revenue. Growth in the adoption of our suites remains one of the pillars of our growth strategy and supports our long-term goal of generating 20% more value from our subscription customers. Our strength in suites was partially offset by a decline in AutoCAD, which was anticipated as we look to migrate our point product users to one of our suites. We did see a nice rebound to solid growth in AutoCAD LT, which had particular strength in Asia-Pacific. I'm very happy with our execution in the manufacturing business. We continue to see significant wins in industrial machinery, consumer products, and automotive. I'm thrilled with the rollout of Fusion 360, the first cloud-based CAD tool for mechanical and industrial designers. One other highlight is the momentum in our PLM 360 business. We had our best quarter ever, which included our largest PLM 360 transaction to date, worth almost $700,000. We are seeing good traction across geographies and industries. One particularly interesting data point is that almost 25% of this quarter's PLM 360 customers are new to Autodesk. To date, nearly 1,000 companies have deployed PLM 360. Just after Q4, we closed our acquisition of Delcam, the industry's leading CAM technology. With this acquisition, we are taking the next step in helping our customers manufacture their products. Autodesk and Delcam have many things in common, from a loyal group of talented employees, to a shared desire to radically improve the process of manufacturing. It's really exciting to bring together a combination that will change the way products are designed and made. So now let me talk about our business model transition. The start of our business model transition is a milestone event that will take Autodesk to a more recurring subscription-oriented business over the next four years. In many respects, we started the transition 10 years ago with the introduction of maintenance subscription, which has grown to become about 45% of our revenue mix. We're now taking the next step in transitioning even more of our upfront license revenue to recurring over the next four years and beyond, as we build upon the maintenance subscription base with cloud service subscription and desktop subscription, formerly referred to as rentals. Q4 was the first full quarter of availability for desktop subscription. While it's obviously very early, we're pleased with what we're seeing so far. A meaningful portion of desktop subscribers are new to Autodesk, and the majority is choosing the annual term-length option. We experienced good uptake of our M&E products, which makes a lot of sense, as those customers tend to be much more project-based. Another element of the business model transition is offering our enterprise customers more flexible licensing options. In addition to being a great benefit for our customers, these contracts create a larger recurring revenue stream, which is recognized ratably. Our enterprise customers have expressed great interest in this type of contract. While we saw good traction on the new offerings and customers responded enthusiastically, we introduced these offerings a little late in the quarter for some customers to make the change. As a result, we overestimated how much revenue would be deferred. We thought it might be as much as $50 million, but came in at approximately $30 million. We received very positive feedback from our customers around this new pricing option. Some of our largest customers, including AECOM, URS, Floor [ph] and GHD, moved to the new option. With AECOM, we entered into a global, multi-year, enterprise-wide agreement, which provides all of their users with complete access to Autodesk desktop and cloud services in a flexible model to support their business strategy. It is deals like this that make me confident that these flexible licensing offerings will be a meaningful portion of our large enterprise deals going forward. At this time, we don't have anything new to report regarding changing the ratability of some of our perpetual license revenue. We'll keep you posted as our plan evolves in that area. Now I'll take a minute to review our FY ‘15 guidance. For the first time, we're providing billings guidance. During the transition, this will be another way to measure the overall health of our business. Our initial view is for net billings to grow 5% to 8% in FY ‘15. Our initial view for revenue growth is 3% to 5%. Within the revenue estimate, we have factored in our assumption for moving additional enterprise customers to ratably recognize flexible contracts. It also contains our assumption for increased adoption of our desktop and cloud subscription offerings. The revenue contribution from Delcam will be muted, especially in Q1, in part due to the typical write down of deferred revenue the first year. Our operating margin assumption for the year includes the impact from the business model transition, investment in our cloud infrastructure, and a dilutive effect of the Delcam transaction. We continue to balance our cost-savings initiatives with the investments we are making to solidify our leadership in the cloud and our business model transition. In FY ‘15, we're expecting to add approximately 150,000 to 200,000 net new subscriptions. Since FY09, our subscription base has grown 26% to approximately 1.9 million. As we go forward, we plan to report out on the number of net new subscriptions added on a quarterly basis. Keep in mind that this transition will not be perfectly linear, and the amount of business that we transition and number of new subscriptions we add will fluctuate from quarter to quarter and year to year. We're expecting the transition to progress gradually in FY ‘15, and then ramp more significantly by the time we get to FY ‘17 and FY ‘18. To help you track our progress, we will continue to provide you with our typical guidance and disclosures. For now, we've added the subscription guidance. As the model evolves, we will include other metrics as appropriate. We remain confident in our four-year model that we highlighted at our Investor Day last October, which calls for a 12% billing CAGR, 20% more annual value from our new and existing subscriptions, and a 50% increase in subscriptions. We believe we can accomplish this while getting to a 30% non-GAAP operating margin by the end of FY ‘18. Clearly there are a lot of moving parts as we head into FY ‘15. We feel good about the current macro environment and feel great about the direction of the Company. Never before have we had such a rich and deep product portfolio, and we've clearly established ourselves as the cloud leader in design, engineering, and simulation. This is important because many of the problems our customers face benefit directly from the cloud as a platform. The early successes of BIM 360, PLM 360, and Fusion 360 demonstrate this. We're really excited about our new cloud-based services, which complement our existing offerings. The industry is beginning a major technology shift, and we are ideally positioned to capitalize on it. The new business model and technology platform are a win for our customers and us. Lastly, I want to thank our employees and partners for their outstanding efforts and contributions over the past year. They've done a fabulous job. Operator, now I'd like to open the call up for questions. 
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill – UBS:  Carl, the billings and revenue guidance are better than what the Street expected, but it does imply a slower ramp to the transition to ratable per some of the expectations. Curious if you could fill in why that is and why not aggressively step on the gas a little harder here in this transition?
Carl Bass:  So – yes, I mean if you're talking about the other ratable revenue, I mean – I think on the subscriptions and the cloud services we're doing, we're doing well. You know we'll move our customers as appropriate. On more of the accounting issue about ratable revenue, just stay tuned. You'll hear more as, you know, we get into the year.
Brent Thill:  Okay. And I think we've asked this in the past, but when you look at the operating margin in the last downturn, I think you were not managing the business for the operating margin. And I think now, at least, you have better visibility in the operating margin. But when you look at the 14% to 16%, is that – do you consider that more of a floor that you don't want to go below that? Or how should we think about that as it relates to some of the other companies are giving guidance on operating margin? 
Carl Bass:  Yes, I think as we've outlined and we demonstrated in October, the way the curve works and the way the math works, it is the floor. So barring any unforeseen events, the way this works, the arithmetic of moving more business to ratable and having more of these subscriptions is the biggest impact. The second part of it is also, we are investing right now ahead of the curve into our cloud infrastructure. We need to be there as our customers get there, and so we're seeing the expenses now, but not nearly all of the benefit. But if you go back and you just look at how we describe the transition and how we would move through operating margin, the first year was by far the most difficult.
Brent Thill – UBS:  Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Steve Ashley with Robert W Baird.
Steve Ashley – Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc.:  Hi, thanks very much. I think what we'd all really like to hear is a little more granularity in terms of the FY ‘15 revenue guidance. You have Delcam contributing some amount. If you could help us there at all with in terms of quantifying that. And then you have the shift to flexible licensing reducing the amount of full year. If we could get some, maybe a parameter, some range around that, that would really be helpful. Thank you.
Mark Hawkins: Let me take a shot at that. Carl, you can jump in. Fill, Steve, on Delcam one of the things I want to call out to folks is the fact it won't shock any of you there's a deferred revenue write down which is significant. But that's only part of the story. The other part of the story is that there's actually – when you consolidate there's a stub period or a lag period for consolidation. Just to put it in simple language here we're going to get like a month of the first quarter in terms of the even consideration for the revenues so it's not only the write down, it's the stub period, so the way to think about Delcam, think about it roughly in this year, this fiscal year is about 2% of our total revenue. I'll give you a sense of proportion about how dramatically the write off, the write down of the preferred revenue and the stub period impacts us. That should help you right away on that one Steve, from a dimensionalization standpoint. I think the second thing you're calling out is trying to understand the flexible licensing impact as in this transformation there's three different impacts that are happening. One is the flexible licenses at an enterprise level. One is the SaaS growth and the new offerings and one is the desktop subscriptions and that inner dynamic. What we try to do is help people by anchoring it with the billing and aggregate. So, if you look at the revenue, Steve and look at the billings you can quickly discern the deferred revenue and kind of the impact that's going to to the balance sheet and I can see a lot of you guys are doing that in the Street in your models and we tried to provide that explicitly to give you a sense. So I hope those few things help you, Delcam and how to triangulate on what's going to the balance sheet.
Steve Ashley – Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc.:  Perfect. And just a quick follow up, you mentioned you did largest deal ever $20 million deal. About how much of that was billed and recognized in deferred revenue in the recent period?
Mark Hawkins: It would only be a – that's a booking for the $20 million keep in mind so only a fraction of that would have been built at at onset here, so it's a multi-year deal. I would say just take a fraction of it.
Carl Bass: A tiny fraction.
Mark Hawkins: Yes, a tiny fraction from that standpoint. I think it's a five-year deal, Carl, I think, on that one, right? Don't quote me on that. I think it’s… 
Steve Ashley – Robert W. Baird & Company, Inc.:  Okay.
Mark Hawkins:  Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini – Goldman Sachs:  Great. Thank you. I was wondering if you could share with us a little bit, Carl, about how you're feeling about overall demand trends. we're all very excited about the model transition but how do you feel the momentum is building in the different regions and do you see the environment getting better or is it the same or is can you share with us some color there?
Carl Bass : Yes, sure, Heather. I mean I would say generally speaking, I mean if you factor out all the other things going on in our business and normalized conditions, I think the demand environment's growing stronger and doing so on a fairly consistent basis worldwide.  You know the only part of the world that I've seen not really recover is Southern Europe. I mean you know if you go back to pre-2009 levels, it's the only part of the world that hasn't come back to that level. Particularly you know what I'm seeing right now is demand in the US is strong. Demand in Japan is strong, and even though there's more moving part when it comes to emerging economies, the preponderance of evidence right now is on real strength that you bring to your economy, so I'm feeling really good about the demand environment.  When you break it down a little bit more by industry you know AEC in particular we're seeing a real pickup and a real effort around tools and people buying new tools and that's why I think we saw not only in our BIM 360 business, which you know I try to highlight into my remarks but people don't recognize that , this is – BIM 360 is close to our fastest growing product ever. You know that's pretty dramatic and for people to be in the first year or so of a product's release spending millions of dollars on a product is kind of incredible, and I think that speaks to the demand as well and people wanting to enter what they see to be an improving macro environment with a new set of tools and processes. So, generally speaking, I see good stuff out there right now.
Heather Bellini – Goldman Sachs: And then can I just ask a follow up that you mentioned BIM 360 and I wanted to ask you what do you think – what's the key differentiator of, you know, when you're going in and selling to a customer of BIM 360, and even PLM360 if you could share with us why you might be winning those deals.
Carl Bass: Yes I think both of them reflect this idea of using cloud computing and mobile devices to get information to the right place and the right time. So if you look specifically at BIM 360 there really is a lot is going to construction customers who need to get information in the field.  You know one of the big inefficiencies we've talked about the entire industry has talked about for years is the fact that you have entire crews working without the most up-to-date information. That lack of information that leads to bad decisions and bad coordination, and so that's what we're seeing there. It's kind of similar – you know the words change, looks slightly different in PLM 360 but it's really the same thing.  You know instead of thinking of people out in the field, just think of an extended supply chain that might stretch across the world, and people are trying to get that same level of coordination and information fidelity regardless of where they are. And I think for many people, you know, both with BIM 360 and PLM360, the part of the market we're tapping into is the one that's ready for adoption of cloud products. So I think that's the other interesting thing that's going on here.  In the AEC market, that generally speaking is almost the entire market because they've recognized and organized economically as a federation of companies, and so they're used to sharing information across organizational boundaries, and the cloud is being accepted widely in AEC. In manufacturing, I would equate our adoption more closely to other companies so look at sales force, net sweep, workday in terms of the kinds of companies who come on as the early adopters, and I think we're seeing that same kind of dynamic.
Heather Bellini – Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Carl Bass: You're welcome.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Walter Pritchard with Citigroup.
Ken Wong – Citigroup: Hello, guys, this is Ken Wong for Walter. Quickly to clarify, Carl, I think you mentioned you guys closed out the year with 1.9 million subs. One, is that accurate? And then two, if that's the case, isn't that similar to what you guys closed out FY ‘13 with? I wanted to understand the dynamics behind what kept subscription from growing more this year.
Mark Hawkins:  Sure, Ken, this is Mark. Let me just say that we did at a rounded level, it's at 1.9 million. You got it exactly right in terms of paid subscriptions. The fact is that there's year-on-year growth. Obviously since October, is well, when you look at the round two sides of it basically, it turns out to be 1.9 million on a rounded basis, but you can expect year-on-year growth there would be the first thing, I would say.
Ken Wong – Citigroup:  Okay. And I guess kind of a follow on to that, I know you guys guided 150,000 to 200,000 kind of net adds, and if we were to look from fiscal '12 to '13, you guys did grow roughly 250,000. I would have expected with this big push behind the business model transition that that number would have been higher. I mean should we look at the guide as a conservative number, and you guys expect that to pick up? Or is this more of a, as we look to out years, it should accelerate beyond the 250,000 that we saw from '12 to '13.
Mark Hawkins:  Let me add two points, and just to throw out there. One is that we think it's a prudent guide, number one. Number two is that if you look the linear step up to get to the 50% increase that we talked about in the 12%, 20%, 50%, that would be 225,000 and we talked about it being back-end loaded. So we think this fits right in the spot where you would expect with some momentum that builds over time.
Carl Bass:  You know – and Ken, what we'll report as we go, I mean and so you and us will get a little bit better indication as we move through the year.
Mark Hawkins: Exactly.
Ken Wong – Citigroup: Got you. All right. Great. Thanks a lot guys.
Mark Hawkins:  You bet.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan with Merrill Lynch.
Kash Rangan – BofA Merrill Lynch:  Hi. Thank you, guys, for taking the question. One question from a mechanical engineer to another mechanical engineer or several, with respect to the – if you look at this quarter, license plus the other – and subscription, and if I give you credit for $30 million of this deferred license revenue, on an apples-to-apples basis, it looks like the overall business was somewhat down, about 2%, 3%. But if I go back and take away the $24 million that you had benefited due to promotion from last year, you still get a single-digit type of growth rate. So the question for you is there something else that is not reported in the numbers, maybe a off-balance sheet backlog on other subscriptions? Because if you were to look at the P&L statement, even giving credit for the two one-time items, it looks like business was roughly flattish. And I have a follow-up question. Thank you.
Mark Hawkins:  Yes, sure. No, I think there's two dynamics, Kash, that you want to look at, and you were touching on two of them by is to make sure we look at the math and sink from that. But, the first dynamic is that clearly we took $30 million to the balance sheet that would have been upfront license revenue. And you know just to be clear and to make a point of it, those enterprise deals, the bookings were closer to $70 million. The upfront license portion of it was closer to $30 million that we pushed to the balance sheet so that normalization alone, obviously, puts us into positive territory in terms of growth at plus 2%. The second point and the second normalization that you touched on that we press released last year in Q4 is we pulled in $24 million from that standpoint, in terms of the dynamics for the simplified upgrade pricing last Q4. And so if you look at that and you do the second normalization, you're looking at something that starts to approach into the 6% growth rate there. So, you know, again, that's two simple normalizations that we've tried to be very discreet on. So I think the thing I would look at it you know slightly different, Kash. Actually, am glad to see the growth reigniting. You can see it on billings too, when you make the same normalization. By the way, for the $24 million last year, that's a revenue normalization. If you do the billings normalization, it's $34 million. And so growth in year-on-year billings is also starting to reignite, which I think is a good dynamic. Just to put a finer point on this, at the very end, as we leave this year, what's interesting, and we look forward to next year, our plan for year one of our four-year plan is slightly better than what we shared with you at IR day back in October. So to Carl's point, the macro is slightly better. We're seeing the growth start to reignite, and so I want to make sure you can see that perspective. Carl any…
Kash Rangan – BofA Merrill Lynch: Got it. Yes. 
Carl Bass:  No.
Kash Rangan – BofA Merrill Lynch: Absolutely and the final thing with respect to the billings growth rate I think 6% to 8% for this year, and you have got the longer-term CAGR of 12. It implies a pretty significant catch up in the latter years of 16%, 17%. In light of that, how are we to judge your progress against these benchmarks? Should we take your 150,000 subscriptions [INDISCERNIBLE] that you're targeting, multiply it by annual recurring revenue type equivalent. What is the right way to do those calculations to monitor this progress? Thank you.
Mark Hawkins:  What I would do is I would certainly look at the classic things like that we provide to you, but including deferred revenue and things of that nature. But certainly, we try to be very prominent on the subscription target for the year is a good way to start looking at it. And the fact that we also were offering billings. So if you think about the 12%, 20%, 50%, we're giving you an annual target for the 12%, and we're giving you an annual target for the 50%. And the 12% is a good – although it will be choppy by quarter, is that billings guidepost that we gave you will be a good indicator to track progress throughout the year, and it will grow in momentum throughout the year and throughout the multiple years.
Carl Bass:  As we have talked about on the 20% number, we think a reasonably good proxy for that is what's going on with subscriptions. 
Mark Hawkins:  Yes. So… 
Carl Bass:  And you know when detailed in October the increase in value per user from subscriptions, so you should be able to see progress on all three of the metrics we laid out for you, in addition to all of the conventional ones.
Mark Hawkins:  Exactly.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities, Inc.: Hey, Carl, I'd like to ask you about how you're thinking about the business this year in terms of new seat volume or upfront business for at least the third quarter of last year, based on the last available filings you had, a cumulative 27% decline of new seat volume in the first three quarters of fiscal '14, as you reported it, which ought to set you up in principal for very ease new seat comps this year, as early as this quarter. So how are you thinking about that growth in that new seat metric as you've traditionally talked about it? Secondly, also as recently as the third quarter, your subscriptions revenue, not counting traditional maintenance, was only about $10 million. If we extract traditional maintenance from the total subs number, that leaves only about $10 million. Would it be fair to say that by the end of this year, given the billings guidance you've given and the backlog you've been adding, that that number should be a multiple by the end of the year, in other words several times $10 million a quarter in new forms of subscription revenue?
Carl Bass:  Okay. You take the second part; I'll take the first part.
Mark Hawkins:  Absolutely. I would say a couple things here. One is that when you start to think about the non-subscription maintenance, part of subscription, you will see that grow significantly. Jay, I think you're all over it. And part of that for – is the fact that this is going into deferred revenue, and we have billings that are happening that are going to start coming off the deferred revenue into the P&L from a revenue standpoint over time. That number – when Carl says we've had the all-time record quota for BIM 360, and we're getting $1-million deals and that type of thing, and we had PLM with a $700,000 deals and things are starting to grow and multiply, this thing is going to build. And you're going to see both the billings growing, and then over time you're going to see the revenue grow. So yes, you should expect that to grow.
Carl Bass:
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities, Inc.: Very good. Thanks a lot.
Carl Bass:  You're welcome, Jay.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Brendan Barnicle with Pacific Crest.
Unidentified Speaker: Hello, guys, this Owen filling in for Brendan. Wondering if you guys are seeing any new use cases from the shift to cloud. And second, I was wondering how pricing is holding up. Thank you.
Carl Bass:  Yes, so I think there are places like some of the things we've called out already. Many of the 360 products are the places where we're seeing new and somewhat unimagined uses. PLM 360 particularly, it's a lot of customers who haven't been Autodesk customers before. It's reaching to a part of the organization that was not one that we traditionally sold to, and they're trying to solve different problems. PLM 360 for the most part is not about your classic engineering problems of how is it – what does this product do and how does it perform. It's really around the processes of managing how you get that product to market and service it and maintain it. So that's one place. Same thing with like BIM 360, with BIM 360, what we're seeing is people who their organization and certainly their [INDISCERNIBLE] may have been Autodesk, users but they probably were not. It's people – like I said, it's construction people out in the field; it's subcontractors; it's specialty contractors back in the shop who haven't usually been customers. They may have been recipients of paper blueprints in the past, and now they're interacting online, and so you're bringing all those people that have always been part of the commercial ecosystem, but you're now bringing into the digital ecosystem. And then when some of the products like Fusion 360, we're reaching a new class of designers. It's people who are working on different kinds of products than you might see a more traditional mechanical product like Inventor, and so we're really happy. We think the combination of cloud and mobile devices and this built-in collaboration is really set up to reach new customers. We think it will help many of the traditional ones, but we've been pleased with how many new people we're reaching.
Unidentified Speaker: Thank you. That's helpful. And then second thing I had was on was pricing; how is that holding up?
Carl Bass:  Pricing, stable.
Mark Hawkins:  Yes.
Carl Bass:  It's stable and the relative pricing between point products and suites is maintaining the same differential.
Unidentified Speaker: Great. Thank you guys.
Mark Hawkins:  You bet.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss – Morgan Stanley:  Excellent, thank you guys and thank you for taking the question. I was wondering if you could give us some of the initial feedback that you've gotten from your customers and from the channel to the elimination of upgrade pricing at the end of this fiscal year. What responses have you gotten back, because [INDISCERNIBLE] how we started socializing that a little more with the customer base.
Carl Bass:  Yes, so as you would imagine, our channel is enthusiastic about it. They think it's a big spur to their business in the coming year. And I think it not only drives business, but it reignites conversations that channel partners already should have been having with customers. In some ways, it's been very quiet on the customer front. One part of it is many of these customers are not the ones that are closest to us. They're not on subscription already; they're working on versions back; and so the relationship is a little bit more distant. So I haven't really heard any negative feedback from the customers. I'm sure as we get closer to a year from now, we will hear some moaning and groaning. But for the most part, very well received by the channel partners, enthusiastically received, and most customers understand the change.
Keith Weiss – Morgan Stanley: Got it, and if I could sneak in a follow-up as well. When we've seen channel heavy businesses with more of this attrition model, and this isn't Autodesk comment, it's across the board. Channel partners who are used to selling a box or selling a box of software, typically tend to be a little more reluctant to move to more of a subscription model, selling a subscription. How well has your channel or how receptive has your channel been to the subscription products? How difficult has it been to get them on board with some of these new offerings?
Carl Bass:  So let's take a little trip back through the history machine. The first one was our maintenance subscriptions; like I talked about in those remarks 10 years ago when we first started this, our channel was incredibly reluctant to go into that. I think it's some of the reasons you pointed out. There was a fear – at that point, we didn't have a direct relationship. We didn't have contact info. There was a worry about us circumventing them and going direct to customers. Now you look and it's nearly half of our revenue; it is the foundation for most of our partners' business, and so they've come to appreciate it. Having said that, though, every time we introduce something new, there's an amount of reluctance out there. Where I see it most strongly is not on things like the cloud-based services, the place – and this is very legitimately an issue for our existing resellers, is they see it on things like the desktop subscriptions. Because if a user chooses to go from the old model to the new model, it affects their cash flow in the short run. And as we've always said, many of our channel partners are much more sensitive to short-term cash flow than any other financial metric. So that's an understandable one we're working through. When I read a bunch of reports and people said our channel partners weren't doing much with the desktop subscriptions, that doesn't surprise me. That's not the place where the first take up is going to come, and that's not where we've seen it. But as long as the transition goes smoothly and gradually, our partners can work into this new model and still have very healthy, profitable businesses with good cash flow.
Mark Hawkins:  Absolutely.
Keith Weiss – Morgan Stanley: Excellent, guys. Thank you for the color there.
Carl Bass:
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Phil Winslow – Credit Suisse:  Thank you, guys. Most of my questions have been answered, but have a question on operating margins. Obviously you gave the guidance for this next quarter and the full year. Wondering if you could give us a sense of the progression of margin over the course of the year. And then as far as investments in this year, sales and marketing versus R&D, how do you see those being allocated and what are the key initiatives you're focused on?
Mark Hawkins:  Well, a couple of quick things, Phil, one is that we don't classically break that out and guide that throughout the year in terms of the spend breakup when we get targets and such, number one. I call out though that when you look at Q1, one of the things that we touched on is as we bring Delcam, on board there's even deal costs that are involved. There is the stealth period; there's the deferred revenue write down, separate from normal seasonal expenses and separate from what Carl talked about, which is investing to really solidify our leadership in the cloud and doing the back-office work we need to do to support a scalable business model transformation. So I think the one thing that you can see is in Q1, there is more pressure than normal because of the transaction itself with Delcam. But beyond that, we're investing to absolutely secure a win, both in the platform and the business model transformation.
Carl Bass:  Yes I would add to that, investments go to market particularly around new products, so bucketed as sales and marketing, but particularly think of being able to reach this new class of customers. We've been investing there. There's a significant investment in cloud infrastructure to build out and get a rationalized platform that we can use globally. And then the last part, I would stress the Delcam part. Delcam was naturally diluted. When you add the sub period plus the deferred revenue write down, it becomes even more so. It's the arithmetic working against us there.
Mark Hawkins:  And even the deal costs.
Carl Bass:  And the deal coasts. 
Mark Hawkins:  Hopefully that helps a little bit Phil.
Phil Winslow – Credit Suisse: I wonder from the acquisition, I wonder if you could give us any color on the incremental costs that you're expecting to bring on from that.
Mark Hawkins:  Let me say for the Company, Delcam will be dilutive about $0.10, $0.10 to $0.11 for the year. That gives you a sense of the magnitude. It will be accretive in '16. That being said, we're obviously very excited about the strategic aspects of this, the enhanced footprint in manufacturing, which is obviously very strategic. And Carl, if you want to add anything on that, but that – we're very excited about Delcam.
Carl Bass:  Yes, no, I think one of the things that – maybe it's worth taking a short amount of time to discuss. All of the sudden in manufacturing, the manufacturing part of manufacturing is getting interesting again. For a long time many companies focused on product design and innovation on product design, and manufacturing was this Six Sigma exercise that was just about optimization and driving costs out. Our customers are realizing that there's an importance – and new technology and processes that are coming along, goes by different names around the world. In the US, there's a lot of what you might hear and you might have heard the president talk about the other day, advanced manufacturing. It has to do with new ways of manufacturing and getting competitive advantage instead of driving costs out. Delcam is ideally positioned to help with that, and so, we've become interested over the last few years in making sure it's not only the ideation and the design and engineering we help with, but we help through PLM 360 with the management of the process, and with CAM software to actually drive the machine tools on the factory floor. So all of that's important, and I think there's a renewed interest globally in how companies can use their manufacturing techniques and processes to actually have an advantage.
Phil Winslow – Credit Suisse: That was great. Thank you guys.
Carl Bass:  You bet.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Steve Koenig with Wedbush Securities.
Steve Koenig – Wedbush Securities :  Hi, gentlemen. Thank you for taking my question. I'd love to see if we can get a little bit more help on the revenue model for fiscal '15, and in particular a few things that could be very helpful here. One would be any feel for where a subscription will trend, either as a mix of revenue or otherwise by the end of the year, and/or subscriber ASPs. And then two other things related to the model transition. One would be any help on thinking about the contribution from license upgrades this year. Typically the license upgrades when you guys used to report it ran, on the average, $120 million in license upgrades per year. Are we looking at more like $200 million this year or $150 million or the usual $120 million? And then lastly, any color you can give us on the contribution from rental subscriptions or cloud in fiscal '15?
Mark Hawkins:  So, a couple things here. Let me jump into this, and maybe Carl can add some more. First of all, I'd say the contributions from the upgrades, we're not providing specificity on that. As Carl said, I think the channel is very enthusiastic about that, as we are. I think you're going to get four bites of the apple. It will be most pronounced at the end of the year. It will build, but each quarter it's going to be an opportunity, and then it's going to build. And clearly, people in the market get the significance of this. So in terms of dollarization, Steve, I can't provide that specificity to you, but in terms of it's going to help us in each of the quarters with special help at the end of the year. And that's going to certainly – what's interesting for us is not only the contribution to billing growth, but where the people go is basically into a choice of subscription. So we think that it's a double win in terms of moving our model forward. In terms of the makeup of the model, the second thing you talked about, I'm actually excited to stand here before you and say that this last year we booked, 45% of our revenue is recurring. It's up from 41% the year prior, and after, as Carl said, a 10-year journey and we're now at the beginning of a four-year journey to take it to a completely different level. And as you know, we want to exit at 70% recurring. You should expect that number to go up, and we're not providing specific guidance on that. But it's early days. It's at the beginning of the beginning. What we did is we stepped out and said, let's give subscriptions, because that's an important number for everybody to track progress. And then billings, if you think of the 12%, 20%, 50%, mantra, billings is the 12%, and we've guided that for the first time in the history of the Company. And the 50% is the subscriptions, and we have guided that for the first time in the history of the Company. And so those two should be good guideposts to give you a sense of where we're going and what we're doing. What we want to do Steve is we're not hesitant to provide more metrics as – when we make sure that they're meaningful, that it's not chatter, and that there's some level of predictiveness in it. So we're studying a number of different things, but we think these will certainly anchor. And by the way, we've tracked very carefully what other businesses have done. Obviously, ours is a little different than other, very well and very well respected companies, in terms of where they're at. But anyhow, that's what we're doing from a mix standpoint. Obviously subscriptions are going to grow, as we've called out. And then in terms – the cloud, early days; desktop subscriptions, early days. As soon as they're – we think that it's going to be useful and meaningful, we're going to break them out, and you would expect that of us. So Carl, any other commentary on that?
Carl Bass:  No, I think you got it right.
Steve Koenig – Wedbush Securities : Cool. Can I add one follow-up, which is…
Mark Hawkins:  Please.
Steve Koenig – Wedbush Securities : On the macro.
Mark Hawkins:  Please do. Yes.
Steve Koenig – Wedbush Securities : Okay. Great. Thank you. Yes, I'm wondering on the macro, can you guys give any color on the complexion in Europe, middle Europe versus say, France or UK? And also I'm curious on Asia, Japan clearly is helping there. China's been a laggard on the PMIs, and how is that impacting Asia? So any forward-looking thoughts here especially would be helpful.
Carl Bass:  Yes, so what I would say is Europe, in general, has been strong, and we see momentum building in Europe. Central Europe is strong; Northern Europe is strong; the U: doing well. I still see weakness particularly in Spain, France, Italy, Greece. Like I said, they haven't returned to levels before. I don't see the momentum there, but I think business is – that really is a new level for business there. I don't see – I don't see that changing. When you get to Asia-Pacific, we've seen strength. Japan has been particularly strong; Korea continues to do well. The data out of China that we see doesn't always reflect what we see from our business. I think there are a number of reasons why; you could speculate on why we don't see a perfect correlation. What we're seeing is a strong China, not overly – I don't think it's overheated. I don't think it's at that torrid pace as before, but it doesn't seem to be weakening either. A place like Russia, Russia seems to be doing well. Yes, the other place where we saw a fair amount of business during the last two quarters, but particularly in Q4, was in the Middle East. When we certainly saw some real strength there, particularly in terms of some of the AEC projects that are being built and some really large infrastructure projects that are being started. So there seems to be a level of investment, and while many of these projects have been on the books for a while, they seem to be moving forward now. And that generally comes from their government's sense of renewed confidence.
Mark Hawkins:  Yes, I totally agree, Carl. I'd even add India, strangely enough, India is just starting. It's small, but even that is starting to stabilize and starting to grow again, small-time.
Carl Bass:  Yes.
Steve Koenig – Wedbush Securities : Great. Optimistic news. Thank you, guys.
Carl Bass:  Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Ross MacMillan with Jefferies.
Ross MacMillan – Jefferies & Company:  Thanks a lot. You may have already answered this, Carl, but I wanted just to go back on the subscriber number. Is that a blend of maintenance payers, 360 customers, rental customers, is it a blend of all of those? That's the first question. And then second, when you think about the 360 offerings, could you force rank which are doing the best and which are maybe not doing so well. I'd be curious to get a sense for the mix. 
Carl Bass: Yes, so the answer to your first question is yes. That is a blend, and during the year, we'll start figuring out which things to break out for you as it makes sense. But the number we gave you was as a whole. The reason why we'll want to break it out, one is to provide more clarity for you, but also as we start talking about whether it's ASPs or ARPU or whatever kind of average, as you get these different kinds of subscriptions, there's going to be very different math associated with each of them. And it will be important ti be able to give you more than one average number for it. Your second question was about.
Mark Hawkins:  360 ranking.
Carl Bass:  360s, which is my favorite child. This is Sophie's choice. I think if you look at the numbers, BIM 360, has to be the one that's leading the pack; it had by far the strongest quarter. Going in to the fourth quarter it wasn't as obvious, we just had a break-away quarter. We know that we will even come down in Q1 because of the seasonality of the business, but BIM 360 is actually doing well. I've been very pleased with our progress on all the 360 products. One of the things that you didn’t want that way is when you introduce new products is, and particularly doing it through new channels with new business models, you have to find the right mix in terms of what's the right way to go to market, what's the right pricing, what's the right packaging? And I think we've been relatively successful in a short time in figuring that out. And it hasn't been without stumbles. As a matter of fact, the one that I just highlighted, BIM 360 as our best, in Q2 I would have ranked it down near the bottom. We were having a number of troubles post-acquisition integrating it and moving the business model forward. We had tripped upon ourselves, and it was through hard work of a lot of people, we got it right back on track and it rebounded from early in the year to being really spectacular at the end of the year. So I don't think any of these new businesses are without their challenges, but I'm really pleased with how we're doing on the 360 businesses.
Ross MacMillan – Jefferies & Company:  That's really helpful, and then maybe just one quick one from Mark. On the net subscriptions billings calculation, should we just basically look at the proxy being revenue plus change in deferred plus change in product backlog? Is that effectively going to get us to the same number as you're looking at?
Mark Hawkins:  I think you're on the right track, yes. Yes, that's the right track.
Carl Bass:  The rest is left to a reader.
Mark Hawkins:  You got it there.
Ross MacMillan – Jefferies & Company:  Appreciate it. Thank you so much. Congratulations.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Matt Williams with Evercore.
Matt Williams – Evercore Partners:  Hi guys, thank you for taking the question. Most of mine have been answered at this point, but I was wondering on the rentals, I think you called out that some of the adoption there had been in the M&E business, which would seem to make some sense. But any more color you could provide on what areas or what segments are starting to really go down the path there, and which ones are looking at that option?
Mark Hawkins:  Sure. Let me start, and maybe Carl can add if he likes. You called out there's areas where people are more project based and very small business, small, medium business project-based people that are trying to enter but may not have the upfront cash flow. M&E is an ideal target, as we've talked about, and it absolutely is getting some nice traction actually and we're getting a lot of good feedback there. That would be one data point. That's not – we're getting it in other projects as well; that's one I would call out explicitly. The second thing is that one of the fact patterns is that they're going for the annual, and that's the primary vehicle of choice. And so that also is happening, and I would just say maybe the last bit of color is that when we talk about how we're doing up to the call in this quarter, because we don't give beyond that period, that ramp continues to look really nice. And so those are a couple bits of data, Matt, that I'd like to share.
Carl Bass:  The only thing I'd add is if you want to look at the general trends, I would say among size of business you'll go from small to big; it's getting much more common amongst small business or very small business, much less common with big companies. They have other flexible licensing mechanisms to accomplish the peak demand (inaudible) that this accomplishes. And I think if you look by industry, I think M&E is first; I think AEC is second; and I think manufacturing third. And that reflects the project-based nature of the work within each of those respective industries.
Matt Williams – Evercore Partners: Great. That's helpful. I'll leave it there. Thank you guys.
Mark Hawkins:  Thank you Matt.
Operator:  And our last question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities, Inc.:  Thank you, a couple of follow ups. First, Carl in honor of the 20th anniversary of LT this year, do you think you'll be offering rentals of LT for the first time? Those weren't talked about in the initial rentals batch back in September. Secondly, if in the long run you go to mostly an agency model in lieu of the current VAR model, what would be the margin implications for you and for your channel, in light of your earlier comments about their concerns over cash flow and margin?
Carl Bass:  First thing is Jay, around LT, yes, I think you can expect to see us doing desktop subscriptions for LT. We already ran a pilot project in France with really good results from it, some of the same things that Mark highlighted about the rest of the program. We actually saw it earlier on with LT, and we want to continue to expand that, and that's going well. Your other question is a little hypothetical at this point. We'll move through this. There may be some changes to both margin structure, and there may be some changes to the contractual relationship, particularly the place I would look for it more is on the cloud-based services. I think it's less likely to see dramatic changes on the existing products, but certainly we have been looking and studying and working closely with our partners around the cloud-based services in the best way for them to bring into market. (Inaudible) what we for now, have primarily been doing by ourselves through a direct sales force.
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Griffin Securities, Inc.: Okay. Thank you very much.
Carl Bass:  You're welcome Jay.
Mark Hawkins:  Yes.
Carl Bass:  Operator?
Operator:  There seem to be no further questions.
David Gennarelli:  Great. Thank you, operator. That concludes our call this afternoon. We will be at the Morgan Stanley conference this coming Monday. If you'd like to reach me at investor relations, you can reach me at 415-507-6033. Thank you. 
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference call. We thank you for your participation. You may all disconnect.

===== 2014 Q3  (2013-11-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Gennarelli Carl Bass - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Mark J. Hawkins - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital, Research Division Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Harris Heyer Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Ross MacMillan - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Autodesk Q3 Fiscal Year '14 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I will now turn the call over to Mr. Dave Gennarelli, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead.
David Gennarelli: Thanks, operator. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our third quarter. Joining me today are Carl Bass, our Chief Executive Officer; and Mark Hawkins, our Chief Financial Officer. Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of this call will be available at autodesk.com/investors. As noted in our press release, we have published our prepared remarks on our website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments, and we will not repeat them on this call. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the anticipated future performance of the company, such as our guidance for the fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2014, long-term financial objectives, including billings and recurring revenue growth, factors we use to estimate our guidance, new business model introductions, new product and suite releases, market adoption and expected growth rates, cost management efforts, hiring plans, business execution, business prospect and financial results, our market opportunities and strategies, including our rental license offering plans, our transition to cloud and mobile computing, our educational vertical strategy, trends in sales initiatives for our products and trends in various geographies and industries. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us, and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time to time with the SEC, specifically our Form 10-K for the fiscal year 2013, Form 10-Q for the period ended April 30 and July 31, 2013 and our current reports on Form 8-K, including the 8-K filed on today -- with today's press release and prepared remarks. Those documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or viewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today's call, but we'll not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum. During the call, we will also discuss our non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today's press release, prepared remarks and on the Investor Relations section of our website. We will quote a number of numeric or growth changes as we discuss our financial performance, and unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Carl.
Carl Bass: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. Our third quarter results were driven by strength in our core AEC and Manufacturing segments, as well as continued strong adoption of our suites. I'm pleased with the results despite the negative impact on revenue, on currency headwinds, the change we're making in our education vertical and the impact from the U.S. government shutdown. Considering these factors, I feel good about how we finished the quarter. Our AEC business continues to perform well, driven by what looks to be a broad-based recovery in the commercial construction market. As we highlighted at our Investor Day last month, the construction vertical represents a significant opportunity, and we continue to gain momentum in that market. We also continue to broaden our BIM portfolio. Last quarter, we closed a couple of small acquisitions, bringing our BIM tools that further are -- that further support our infrastructure projects. We're also pleased with the adoption and usage of BIM 360. The anecdotal feedback we hear from our construction industry customers suggests it is the dawn of a new area in construction technology. Our highlight for the quarter was that we signed our biggest ever BIM 360 enterprise agreement worth over $1.5 million. This existing customer renewed its agreement with Autodesk for about 20% more in total billings than their previous contract. They will deploy BIM 360 as part of their strategic goal to transform their business and increase their competitive advantage. This is exactly the type of transaction that supports our long-term growth assumptions. We've only scratched the surface of the construction industry, and we're well-positioned to tap further into that $7 trillion market. Our Manufacturing business had solid results. Once again, we built on our momentum in the automotive segment and extended that success to the automotive supply chain. Areas of strength included rapid adoption of our manufacturing suites, as well as our industrial design, visualization and simulation technology. Our 100% cloud-based PLM 360 had its strongest quarter yet as it gained momentum with small- and medium-size businesses in industrial machinery, automotive and high tech. These companies share common process challenges around the supply chain, engineering chains and quality management. For instance, PLM 360 was selected over traditional PLM offerings by a Midwestern manufacturer for its functionality and superior ROI. This customer has grown to represent several hundred thousand dollars in PLM 360 billings to date. While it's early, we're also seeing encouraging usage of Fusion 360, the world's first cloud-based software for industrial and mechanical design. Since its launch just a few months ago, there are now over 20,000 users. Our Fusion 360 customers are doing some amazing things from making lightweight drones to 3D-printed violins. For most of Autodesk's history, we've been a leader in technology for design and left the work and technical challenge of fabrication and manufacturing to other providers. While we have collaborated closely and partnered with many of these companies, we have long believed we would provide greater value to manufacturers and we could streamline their workflows. With this in mind, we enter the CAM market last year with the acquisition of technology and expertise from HSMWorks. Earlier this month, we embarked on the next step on our path toward a better manufacturing process by making an offer to acquire Delcam, the industry's leading CAM technology and brand. We see a significant opportunity given Delcam's technological expertise, strong market presence and sterling brand. The combination of the companies is a significant step forward and what we hope will increase productivities for customers of both companies. As an added benefit, we will be utilizing our foreign-based cash for this transaction. We currently expect the transaction to close early in our fiscal year 2015, after which, we'll be able to speak more freely about our integration plans. Another area to highlight during our third quarter results is the continued strength in adoption of our suites, which grew 21% and now represent 36% of total revenue. Growth was led by exceptional strength in our AEC suites. As we discussed last month at our Investor Day, users of our suites have high maintenance subscription attach and renewal rates, which supports our long-term goal of generating 20% more value with our subscription customers. Our strength in suites came partly at the expense of our volume channel products, AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT. While we did see improvement with these products in EMEA, it will likely take a few quarters to rekindle growth in this area. From a geographic perspective, performance was solid. EMEA and APAC had solid growth on a constant currency basis. Our performance in the Americas was better than it appears for the reasons I mentioned earlier, especially in the U.S., where changes we're making in the educational vertical and the U.S. government shutdown had its biggest impact. Normalizing for these things, revenue in the Americas increased year-over-year. It was also great to see revenue from emerging economies return to growth, with all of the BRIC countries growing on a constant currency basis. Just a couple of months ago, we announced the availability of most of our core products as rentals. Our customers wanted more choices and flexibility in how they access our portfolio of design, engineering and entertainment creation tools. We expect rental plans to be attractive across all of the industries we serve, especially for freelancers, start-ups or businesses that are project-based in nature. While it's very early, we're encouraged to see that many of the rental customers are new to Autodesk, which, once again, supports our long-term growth and model assumptions. As we outlined at our Investor Day last month, the addition of recurring revenue streams coming from rental, cloud and consumption-based usage will significantly increase, making for a more predictable business [indiscernible]. We'll begin to see the transition start this quarter as we anticipate approximately $50 million of enterprise license revenue will move to the balance sheet. We anticipate a larger impact from the model transition in fiscal year 2015 and plan to provide you with more details when we release our fourth quarter financial results in February. We're excited to move forward on this business model transition and give our customers even more flexibility to utilize our products. We'll discuss this and more with thousands of our customers at Autodesk University in just a couple of weeks. Over the past few weeks, I've spent time with our customers and partners in both EMEA and APAC. While the global economic environment remains uneven, it does feel as if things are beginning to improve. We know that our technological leadership and global brand recognition have positioned us well for long-term growth and industry leadership. It's not just the business model that is changing. We're expanding the markets we address and increasing the ways in which customers can access and use our products. It's an exciting time for Autodesk, and we look forward to reporting on our progress along the way. Operator, we'd now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Carl, I had 2. You mentioned that most of the customers for the new offerings are new to Autodesk, which is great. I'm wondering if you could share with us what the initial thoughts are from your existing customers about the new offering. And then secondly, how do you think the decision to do away with upgrade pricing a little more than a year from now will impact people wanting to kind of buy a boxed product one last time at a discounted rate next year?
Carl Bass: Yes. Sure, Heather. So 2 things is we were really encouraged. We did believe that a lot of the people who would end up wanting to rent software would be new to Autodesk. That's what we saw. Obviously, there were some of them who were existing customers. I think it falls into that category of some people doing it just to meet peak demand loading, which would be existing customers. Others are doing it as freelancers or on a project basis. So I think they were both usage cases in there. And so like we said, it's pretty early, but we didn't see anything that was outside what we kind of predicted happening in the model from the first results. What I see happening is a result of us kind of preannouncing the elimination of upgrades, and this has been confirmed by all the resellers I've spoken with. I think what we expect to see is probably more people moving to subscription rather than buying one last time. The tendency will be to buy and then protect their investment rather than just to buy and know that investment, they need to -- they may need to buy a full new copy.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: So just to be clear, do you think they'll buy a boxed product and attach maintenance to it? Or will they just say, "You know what, I'm going to skip that and just go to the rental offering?"
Carl Bass: I think it will be predominant -- I think it will be predominantly, one, and have fewer amount, number two. But we'll start telling you as we figure it out. But my instincts and experience in this business would tell you more, number one, and I would say 10% to 20% in the number two.
Operator: And your next question comes from Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Carl, maybe if you could just talk a little bit about your comments about modest improvements in some of the customer behavior and give us a sense of how that's trending. We've heard, obviously, the opposite from some of the other technology vendors. So if you could maybe talk about the sustainability of that a couple quarters out. And then, Mark, just a quick question on deferred revenue. I believe that the sequential decline is just a seasonal change. There's nothing else to read in there on the DR.
Carl Bass: Yes. No, Brent, our customers always behave well. But what we started to see is that really solid results in AEC. And I think we've been as clear as possible that we think it's being more led by C than by A. A lot of what we're seeing is really construction customers retooling their technology base, and that the market for commercial construction has improved on a global basis. That's what we see in the U.S., and from my travels in both Europe and Asia kind of confirm that. Same thing we're kind of seeing in manufacturing. I mean, what we saw in manufacturing, I mean, I know there have been some data that's come out that is contrary to this. But what we've seen is an increase in buying from our customers and a prediction about them spending more during the next year. So we're pretty optimistic, and this is both my interpretation of what we're seeing, combined with what our partners are telling us. Mark?
Mark J. Hawkins: It sounds right on. And then also, Brent, you hit the nail on the head. The -- while our deferred revenue is up year-over-year 7%, the sequential pattern fits almost perfectly with our 5-year kind of sequential history that we look at from a norm standpoint. So you absolutely are on the right point there.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gregg Moskowitz with Cowen and Company.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: I wanted to ask a little bit more about manufacturing because this was certainly one of the better performances we've seen in some time. Was the strength primarily on the automotive side, Carl, or was it more broad-based? And just at a higher level, do you think we have possibly turned the corner in this sector?
Carl Bass: Yes. No, I think it was more broad-based. I mean, I -- what I would say is I saw broad-based improvement economically. And I think in automotive, I think we've been competitively advantaged. So I think that's more of winning business away from our competitors in automotive, whereas in consumer products and industrial machinery, I just saw a general improvement and a healthiness in most parts of the world. We talked about emerging countries. Japan has done well. The only place where I still see continued weakness is Southern Europe.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then, Mark, just a quick one for this [indiscernible] Q4 guidance. Is the education impact on revenue again a couple of basis points -- a couple of hundred basis points as it was in Q3?
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes, I think if you think about it, I think 1 to 2 points would be a good number to look at on the whole company, yes.
Operator: Your next question comes from Raimo Lenschow with Barclays.
Raimo Lenschow - Barclays Capital, Research Division: I just wanted to stay on that subject. How do you think about -- if you plan your business about a recovery? I mean, Europe looks a little bit better. U.S. is still kind of more in the early stages of recovery. What are the metrics numbers that you're looking at? Are you looking at PMI or anything? Anything to help us to kind of share the confidence that you have.
Carl Bass: I mean, we always look at external economic factors like PMI. What has been a better indicator is our actual business and our pipeline of business. And so I'm more reacting to what I see in terms of business that's come in and that business that we've lined up in the pipeline. It's always tempered somewhat. But as we've seen, I think some of the macroeconomic indicators and some of the indices have been really misdirections to what's gone on. I think if you had gone back 3 to 4 months ago, you would have said manufacturing was improving, but you saw many companies' results be subpar. So we're much more interested in what we thought we would do, what we thought the building or sales pipeline would be, how we were able to close deals, the size of those deals. So they were more transactional metrics.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital Markets.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: So it sounds like the transition is going to start more in earnest next quarter. I'm curious, what sort of new metrics might we get next quarter, perhaps a number of subscribers? And is that something that we'll get on a quarterly basis?
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes, Matt. We're -- one of the things -- you're absolutely right. We are -- the transition is going deeper in Q4 as we talked about the $15 million in enterprise license revenue going to deferred revenue, as for the discussion we had at IR Day. I think there's a number of metrics that we're looking at as we prepare for discussing the FY '15 guidance in terms of what we'll guide by and also what we'll track externally. And so certainly, we revealed the subscriber information we did just a couple of weeks ago, 1.9 million active subscribers of -- about 4.7 million of subscribers that have [ph] potential there, of which 1.9 million are active today. And we're going to start updating that eventually over time, so stay tuned for the FY '15 guidance. We'll get much more granular on both the metrics we're going to guide by and the metrics we're going to disclose. I hope that helps, but you can imagine some of the metrics we've -- we're going to be putting forward.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That's great. That's helpful. And then maybe one last question on this. I'm curious that you guys are primarily a channel model. What's the response been thus far from the channel?
Carl Bass: So far, I'd say the channel is primarily reacting to business, which I think most of our channel partners had a good quarter. I think most of our channel partners have a wait-and-see attitude about many of our programs. Some form initial opinions. But right now, I think they see rentals as being additive. They think the elimination of upgrades in the future is a net positive. And they're more positive about the cloud offerings than I've ever seen them. As a matter of fact, for the first time this quarter, I had some of our own sales force start asking me or complaining to me that we're not doing enough on the cloud. And so we're starting to get in balance and how far in front of customers we are with some of our cloud offerings, certainly, when the sales force brings that up as an issue.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Carl, Mark, I'd like to refer back to one of your longer-term objectives that you talked about last month at the Analyst Meeting, specifically getting 20% more value from new and existing subscribers. Perhaps you could clarify how you do that. If you look at the 5-year period ended fiscal '13 earlier this year, you had a cumulative increase in your average revenues per maintenance seat of about 25% under the existing model. And then that was largely due to mix, it seems, plus some better AutoCAD attach and renewal. So are you expecting that mix will be the predominant driver to the improving value that you are talking about from subscribers? And does that 20% build on the already enlarged maintenance revenues that you had over the last 2 years? Or is it just a path [ph] from a different starting point?
Carl Bass: No. So the starting point is when we described it today, and so it's additive over that. What I think the 2 biggest drivers that we'll see is one is the mix of suites, as we disclosed. We said let [indiscernible] of our revenue is in suites now. So I think where we'll come from suites and that mix towards suites from single products is a big driver. The second one, which we think will add substantially, is the addition of services, web-based services, to our existing customers or to new subscribers of those services.
Mark J. Hawkins: I would absolutely say that with the SaaS offering, it's going to add, I think, the rental. We're going to penetrate even more and create -- we're going to have more subscribers that's going to bring more revenue as well. And then, Carl, I feel good also about the enterprise offerings that we have and how that's kind of super-sizing deals with the enterprise folks, so just to complement your point.
Carl Bass: Right. I think the enterprise is definitely one to add. We tried to detail a little bit, as you remember, at IR Day. Our customers who use these flexible licensing plans, they get more, but they often pay more.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. I don't know if you're able to speak more about Delcam, given the regulatory limitations, as best you can. Could you distinguish it from the manufacturing software investments that 2 of your larger peers made many years ago to sell, of course? And what is now Siemens have been in similar-sounding areas with their DELMIA and Tecnomatix acquisitions. So how are you going to be positioned differently from what they've had for many, many years in the manufacturing area?
Carl Bass: So I'm not as old as you, Jay. I can't remember that far. But what I do know is what we're really interested in is in taking these digital prototypes and these models that we built and actually manufacturing them. And I think if you look at the portfolios, the product portfolios of some of the other companies, they're pretty widespread at what they try to do. We built a very successful business and factory design and plant design. And what we're trying to do is complement that. We very specifically -- we're looking at the CNC tool market and being able to do that. And we think it's taking advantage of these secular trends in what really is the application of microprocessors to manufacturing technology. And so I think in some cases, it's just timing that we see this big growth because the availability of these high-capability, high-performance machines. And we saw it as a limitation in terms of the workflow that people couldn't get all the way to the end, and we felt that, that was important. I think if you look at some of the workflows out there, even in the biggest automotive and aerospace companies, the workflows are not good, they're incomplete, there's data loss and fidelity problems between tools, and we need to change that. The thing that's really driving this, Jay, at the heart is that we're really interested in our manufacturing customers who are putting a premium on the agility. It's about their ability to innovate and bring stuff to market more quickly. They've gotten to the point where quality is assumed, and what they're all interested in is, "How do I innovate? And how do I bring products to market quickly?" And one of the ways to do it is, all the way from prototyping to final manufacturing, you get from end-to-end faster.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Ashley with Robert Baird.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I was going to ask about maintenance attach rates and renewal rates. Have you seen any change [indiscernible] metrics here in this recent quarter?
Mark J. Hawkins: Steve, this is Mark. Yes, let me just address that. We -- in terms of the actual rates, we don't disclose that. I know you know that. We look at the changes period-on-period. It gets a little bit lumpy. It gets a little in flux at times. They're slightly down. But I think the thing that I look at, [indiscernible] the fact that our [indiscernible].
Carl Bass: Hopefully, everybody could hear that.
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes, there was a little bit of background noise there, but I hope folks got that. So, Steve, did that cover it for you?
Operator: Your next question comes from Walter Pritchard with Citigroup.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I'm wondering if you could talk about -- you gave guidance for the $50 million impact from the business model transition during the Analyst Meeting. I'm wondering if you could talk about, given the conversations, Carl, that you've had with customers over the last, I don't know, 6 weeks or so since that event, what have you learned about the appetite for those types of arrangements? And how should we think about that as we go forward from Q4?
Carl Bass: Like we told you back then, we've always been the one that has been the obstacle. Customers have always wanted this. We wanted to recognize more revenue upfront. So customers have been thrilled with our willingness to offer software on terms that they've always wanted. The opportunity might grow this quarter, but it's a little bit limited by the renewal cycle. And so it will come up during the year. So we think people are enthusiastic about it and merely be a function of when their renewals are up.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then just on the LT product, I think the talk coming out of the Analyst Meeting was you were going to drive a bit more promotional activity in the volume channels and so forth. And it sounds like, still, that business was not as good as maybe you'd like it to be. I'm wondering, did you -- how far did you turn on the promotional activity in those volume channels? And should we expect that to turn on further as we sit here in Q4?
Carl Bass: I think we turned it on. I think we turned it on sufficiently. I think it takes a while to respond, and we saw patchiness. I think there were places that responded really well, and there were others that didn't. So we'll report more after the quarter end.
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes, and just building on Carl's point, I think that exactly describes the LT situation in the AutoCAD side of it of some of the volume products. Keep in mind, Walter, one of the things that we observed this quarter is part of the real success we have with suites growing at 21% year-on-year, which we're very pleased on, had a little bit of a trade-off with AutoCAD point product going to AutoCAD suites, which grew roughly 50%. So we really like that dynamic. We would take that dynamic all day long. I think that just complements the AutoCAD side. Obviously, the LT is more the marketing-led activities that Carl talked about.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So, Mark, at the Analyst Day, there was also some discussion in your prepared remarks about looking at ratable recognition for some of the non-rental and other contracts. Wondering if there's any update that you can share with us. Since you're waiting until February to give an update on next year's guidance, I think we're all super curious what the magnitude of the adjustments we're all going to have to make, and I think that's going to be a big part of it as to whether that's going to happen right off the bat or if we're going to have to wait for that.
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes, Sterling, I don't have any new news to share with you. I think you absolutely got it right that at the IR Day, we talked about a couple of things. One, our recurring revenue, by the time we end this 4-year plan that we covered from '14 to '18, is going to be 70% or more. And then we also talked about the intention to drive ratability, even separate from recurring, in a way, to build on the comments that Carl made about customer-friendly things that really free people up to have even more flexible terms. But I don't have anything to share with you at this stage, but that is an intention that we'll be looking at and working on and driving throughout the course of this plan that we've described at IR Day. You got the right issue. We just don't have any news to share with you at this stage.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And one follow-up. In terms of the $50 million going into deferred, the sense is that's a smaller number of enterprise contracts. Why wouldn't the overall number be bigger since these programs are fully available to users?
Carl Bass: It's the size of the enterprise base and the number of contracts that come up for renewal in that quarter. So, for example, as an enterprise customer, even if the renewals came up in the fourth quarter but it was a 2-year term or a 3-year term, it might not be this year. So we haven't gone back to customers who their renewal is -- we haven't gone back to customers who renewal would be next year or the year after and opened it up to them yet. That's what we're driving much higher number.
Operator: Your next question comes from Richard Davis with Canaccord.
Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: So 2 quick questions. One, Carl, you talked about people new to Autodesk. Do you have any sense if those are switches from other vendors? Or are these people that were living in a cage using carbon paper and things like that and they finally decided to use this thing called a computer? And then secondly, on the -- we didn't talk about -- a lot about it, but the Media and Entertainment business remains kind of choppy. Do you have any sense as to what gets that thing back on track? Or is there anything you can do on that side of the house?
Carl Bass: Yes. So, no, I think they probably were using computers. I'm not sure they were paying for the software they were using on those computers. It's probably a more reasonable explanation of what was going on. On the M&E side, most -- the software part of the business continues to do well. A large part of the money coming out of that business continues to be hardware, which we're happy to see. If it bleeds out over time, it's absolutely fine. We're much more interested in the software component of that business.
Operator: Your next question comes from Phil Winslow with Crédit Suisse.
Harris Heyer: This is actually Harry for Phil. I was just wondering if you could give a little bit more color on the kind of performance across segments with regard to certain geographies. I know you've given a little bit, but could you talk a little bit about Southern Europe and maybe how you think about a turnaround there? And, obviously, you've just given some color on the Media and Entertainment segment, but any other segments that you think are poised for some strong growth in the coming quarters?
Carl Bass: Yes, I'll give a couple of opinions, and then, Mark, please join in. First one is we're not doing any planning about Southern Europe getting better. We leave that like to the ECB and others. I mean, we just don't see any reason to be particularly optimistic about Southern Europe, and none of our plants contemplate an improving economy in Southern Europe. That being said, we continue to see strength in Central and Northern Europe, the U.K. in particular, and that's across segments, so happy to see that. We're happy to see solid stuff amongst the emerging economies. And we like the results that we saw in Japan. So...
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes, and I would just add Canada. It was great to see also a nice strong growth in that respect.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brendan Barnicle with Pacific Crest Securities.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Carl, I want to just follow up on that emerging markets commentary because a lot of enterprise companies this past quarter saw weakness there. Obviously, you saw some nice strength there. What do you think accounted for the recovery that you saw versus maybe some folks more broadly?
Carl Bass: I think, truthfully, we had easy compares. Last year, we found that we're challenging some of the emerging economies. And in a number of places, we did some things around pricing changes and promotional stuff that I think helped. In a number of places, we raised the prices, and we saw that demand remained the same despite an increase in prices.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Great. And then, Mark, I couldn't hear your full response to Steve Ashley's question. [indiscernible]. The first part came out about -- but you broke up on the billings part. So can you just repeat that commentary on the maintenance billings?
David Gennarelli: Attach and renewals.
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes, right. So for attach and renewal, just to be clear, 2 things I would say here, Brendan. One is that we don't typically give out or we don't give out the rates at all, number one, but we give directional view. Directionally, it's always a bit lumpy. They were down a bit in terms of the quarter-on-quarter period. I think the more interesting point that I was trying to make was that our subscription billings were up 11% year-on-year. So that, to us, is important, and that's driven by the fact that we had good subscription, our performance year-on-year both on single year and multi-year. And we also had our SaaS offerings, although smaller, contributed to that. And so for us, we also saw the benefits of suites and the fact that more suites have better subscription, and the actual ASP content of that was attractive. So we like that. The rest of it flexes around a little bit, but that's probably the more salient point, Brendan, to share with you. Can you hear that okay?
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Macmillan with Jefferies.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Mark, I had a question on maintenance, and it's less about the specifics around attach and renewal but more about the variability in growth. So if I look at your maintenance billings, I think last quarter -- or this year, you've gone, I think, 16% growth, negative 17%, and in this quarter, up 11%. And I thought it might be related to multi-year. But when I look at maintenance revenues, plus change in short-term deferred, you see a similar pattern with a big decline in your fiscal second quarter and then a rebound this quarter. Why are we seeing such variability in maintenance billings?
Mark J. Hawkins: Well, a couple of things here that I would say. First of all, there are seasonality factors that are strong in that respect, Ross. So one of the things I look at, just to kind of get a sense of how things are going, is my 5-year of historical average quarter-to-quarter. And when you look at that, you can see patterns of strong seasonality in any given period, I think, is one of the dynamics. Secondly, I would say, don't forget, there's some special things that have happened if you look at the trailing 12 months that you're referring to. We had activities a year ago, Q2, where, effectively, we changed the pricing in terms of what would have an impact on multi-year subscriptions. And so that has a certain effect in terms of pulling of subscriptions. So there's been both pricing changes, there's been activities of that nature, plus you overlay historical seasonality, and that's the dynamic that you can net out. But I think when you look at seasonality in aggregate, I think it's a lumpy business, so to speak. And it's not off the mark in that respect, let alone if you did the overlay with some of the kind of special events that have happened in the last 12 months. Ross, I hope that helps.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Yes, that's helpful, especially on the pricing piece. Maybe one follow-up. As you talked about the ASP uplift, you said 2 things: mix and, I guess, attach of the SaaS products, the 360 products. What's your plan in terms of giving us disclosure around 360 product attach? Or how should we think about you helping us understand that evolution, if you will?
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes, absolutely. 2 things. One is, as soon as this becomes material, you can be sure that we're going to be breaking that out to try to give granularity. We try to give a lot of granularity of what's going on, but anything that's material, we really wanted to be upfront on that, number one. And one of the things also, Ross, that I think is important to reiterate is that as we look to FY '15 in the guidance, one of the things that we look forward to talking to you about is things that we will disclose. It's a fresh point to talk about what we will disclose and also, frankly, what we will guide. And so if you look at and you're extremely well-versed and people that are going through like transformations, you can see the metrics that they guide by, the metrics that they disclose. Ours won't be terribly different from that and especially once things become material. And so I think those 2 things ought to frame it nicely for you. One thing we do know is that SaaS is going to be an important ingredient for us to hit 70% recurring revenue in FY '18. And, obviously, over time, that is going to definitely be material. So we look forward to furthering this discussion at the February guidance discussion. Does that help, Ross?
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Yes, that's helpful.
Mark J. Hawkins: Thank you, Ross.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Williams with Encore (sic) [Evercore].
Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to ask a little bit more about the 360 offerings and your comments that they're going to play a big role in the -- moving to 70% on the recurring and the subscription basis going forward. You touched on the first sort of million-dollar-plus deal in BIM 360 in the quarter. And I know you've talked about PLM 360 adoption and SIM 360 being strong. But, I guess, sort of how close are we to million-dollar deals in some of these other 360 offerings? And then sort of how receptive is the base to layering on these 360 offerings, I guess, going forward?
Carl Bass: Yes, we saw the first over a million-dollar deal in BIM 360. We've seen deals of nearly that size or -- and there's certainly deals in the pipeline for much larger numbers than that in the PLM one. I don't expect to see million-dollar deals in SIM 360 in the short term. Some of that is consumption-based, and that will take place over time rather than upfront. I think the big variable is around Autodesk 360 because it's a much more broad-based one. And in 2 weeks, when we're at Autodesk University, we'll be disclosing a lot more about Autodesk 360 and make it clear what that is. We'll also talk a little bit more about AutoCAD 360 at that point as well.
Operator: Your next question comes from Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I want to ask more sort of a strategic question. When we talked to your channel partners and guys in the field, one of the feedback that we got was what they thought would be even more effective to getting non-maintenance paying customers to paying maintenance would, rather than just not doing upgrades would be attaching more functionality that you only get with maintenance. Is that part of the program? Is that something you guys are thinking about, kind of putting it perhaps more carrots with the sticks out there from moving people onto maintenance?
Carl Bass: Yes. I mean, one of the variables we have to figure out is as we offer these new web-based services, there are 2 things we can do: we can offer it in subscriptions, just bundle it in, to increase the attach rate. The other thing is when the services are really value-added is charge customers who are either not on maintenance or who already are in maintenance but are getting much more value. So we try to separate into those 2 categories of kind of the convenient things that are nice and should really be bundled for all our customers, and those would be a big incentive to move more people onto maintenance. But when we look at some of the offerings, these are substantial value over what we offer today. And we think if customers want to avail themselves of the services, they should pay for them.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. And then just a more tactical [ph] question on the impacts that you saw from federal. Is that something that you expect to be a 1-quarter blip or is the general dysfunction in D.C. likely to drag on for some time?
Carl Bass: Personally, you're trying to just get me going, I know, Keith.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Exactly.
Carl Bass: My prediction is the general dysfunction continues, I don't think it will affect our business. I'm more worried about continued episodic breakouts. I think there's still much more opportunity. And even after today, it doesn't look like even the Senate is becoming more bipartisan and congenial place to work. So when the debt ceiling comes up again, I mean, there's plenty of opportunities for these knuckleheads to get off the railroad tracks, and I'm more worried about that than I am -- ongoing dysfunction and our dissatisfaction with Congress is fine as long as the government spends money. It's when they put a halt to the spending abruptly like they did. And in that case, we very specifically saw deals that we thought were in the pipeline just freeze up. I mean, there was no one to call to write the check.
Mark J. Hawkins: I mean, to build on Carl's point, that probably cost the Americas a couple points of growth, the shutdown itself, which is add that to some of the other headwinds, including we even had a point of FX in Americas, which is unusual, a headwind, and then the educational strategic change. And you can start to see where the Americas is actually performing, a little bit of a better mode than meets the eye.
Carl Bass: And as always, we hope these deals haven't gone away. And as people getting -- have gotten back to work, we start to see some of the deals come through. But we continue to [indiscernible] I think through the next 2 years, you're going to see episodic dysfunctions in addition to the chronic form.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from Steve Koenig with Wedbush.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: You guys have been pretty transparent about -- sorry, I didn't catch that.
Carl Bass: No, I just said, as long as it's not about the government, we're happy to answer your question.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. No, I'll stay away from that can of worms.
Carl Bass: Exactly.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: I wanted to dig into your model change. You all had been very clear and transparent on all the different pieces of it. I think the one piece of it that I feel a little bit in the dark about is how quickly and, more qualitatively, how to think about how you're going to make that change from perpetuals to some of that revenue being ratable. What is your thinking on what will drive that? And how quickly will that get driven?
Carl Bass: So, I mean, there's 2 aspects, so let me speak to the first. There's perpetual being driven to recurring, which I think is largely driven by programmatic stuff we do. And I think we've outlined a lot of it. There's another aspect of it of driving it to ratable, which is really more around accounting. And I think Mark tried to answer that. We're working through a lot of these issues right now. As soon as we have answers, we'll communicate them. But maybe, Mark, you want to add some color to that.
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes, I think that's exactly right, Carl. We have kind of the natural things that are going to drive a recurring from a product and services basis that are straight up the SaaS, the rental, the subscription maintenance out of the pool of opportunity we have with our core business, including the activities that are happening with suites and all that. And then I think there's the other aspect of it in terms of what we can do as we reconfigure our offerings with perpetuals and what would that -- what kind of possibilities does that create to further move that to ratability because of the nature of what's being configured that's based on the offering itself that would clearly cause a different kind of an accounting. And that's something that we're exploring. And I think what we're trying to share with you is the intention to fully and robustly explore that throughout the course of this business plan that we shared with you from FY '14 to FY '18. And, obviously, as soon as we have news that we can share with you, we will share with you. But at this stage, we don't have news on that front. But that's certainly our intention is to continue to work that topic.
Operator: There are no additional questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Dave Gennarelli for closing remarks.
David Gennarelli: Thanks, operator, and thanks, everyone, for joining us. We do have Autodesk University, as Carl mentioned, coming up in about 1.5 weeks on December 3 in Las Vegas. If you haven't received that invitation, please call or email me. We'll also be at the Crédit Suisse conference the following day on December 4. And if there's anything else, you can reach me again at (415) 507-6033. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q2  (2013-08-22 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Gennarelli Carl Bass - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Mark J. Hawkins - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Ross MacMillan - Jefferies LLC, Research Division Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good morning. I will be your conference operator for today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Second Quarter 2014 Autodesk Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the conference over to Dave Gennarelli, Director, Investor Relations. Please go ahead, sir.
David Gennarelli: Thanks, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our second quarter. Joining me today are Carl Bass, our Chief Executive Officer; and Mark Hawkins, our Chief Financial Officer. Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investors. As noted in our press release, we have published our prepared remarks on our website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments and we will not repeat them on this call. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the anticipated future performance of the company, such as our guidance for the third quarter, long-term financial model guidance, the factors we use to estimate our guidance, new business model introductions, new product and suite releases, market adoption and expected growth rates, cost management efforts, hiring plans, business execution, business prospect and financial results, our market opportunities and strategies, including our plan to roll out rental license offerings, our transition to cloud and mobile computing, our educational vertical strategy, trends in sales initiatives for our products and trends in various geographies and industries. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time to time with the SEC. Specifically, our Form 10-K for fiscal year 2013, from 10-Q for the period ended April 30, 2013, and our current reports on Form 8-K, including the Form 8-K filed with today's press release and prepared remarks. Those documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or viewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today's call but will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the call -- quarter unless we do so in a public forum. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today's press release, prepared remarks and on the Investor Relations section of our website. We will quote a number of numeric or growth changes as we discuss our financial performance, and unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Carl.
Carl Bass: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. I'll start today's call with a discussion of our second quarter performance. Later, I'll talk about the exciting changes that are underway at Autodesk and how we believe our business model will evolve more quickly than some have anticipated. Looking at the second quarter, total revenue came in above the middle of our range, with a backdrop of some challenges in our end markets. Similar to what other enterprise software and PLM companies have reported recently, we experienced a mixed demand environment despite more positive macroeconomic data that would suggest a stronger market. On the positive side, our AEC business segment performed well, with strong growth in the Americas and APAC. Our suites continue to have strong performance, and Japan experienced strong growth on a constant currency basis. Conversely, variances in some of our end markets influenced our run rate products like AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT this quarter. On the product side, we continue to see steady customer adoption of our cloud and mobile solutions during the quarter. Our performance in EMEA remains mixed by country. While APAC revenue was down as reported, it posted decent growth on a constant currency basis led by strong growth in Japan and solid growth in China. Within the Americas, we experienced modest growth. Growth in emerging countries remains challenging. While recent economic forecasts indicate that growth in emerging countries may lag developed economies, it continues to be a focus area for improvement and future growth. At the start of the fiscal year, we made a strategic decision to begin shifting our education business from selling to granting our software licenses in select regions and to key partners. This is an investment in the future for Autodesk. It will also benefit the industries we serve by having a greater number of design and engineering graduates fluent in Autodesk tools. Today, tens of millions of students and educators are using our products. The net impact of the change in our education strategy is a drag of approximately 2 percentage points of revenue growth for the quarter, primarily coming out of the Americas, and we anticipate the -- about the same impact for our full year results. This impact was contemplated in our previous guidance. Consistent with the past few quarters, our AEC segment delivered solid results. The green shoots of building and construction activity that we started to see a few quarters ago continue to grow. Aiding more growth in AEC is our leadership in BIM. We continue to add to our extensive portfolio of BIM solutions in both our AEC suites and BIM 360, our cloud offering. Within our Manufacturing segment, we saw solid growth in suites. Last quarter, I mentioned the success we were having in the automotive industry. That success has continued in the second quarter as we knot significant wins with global manufacturers as well as key suppliers. We're seeing expanded adoption of our design, engineering, visualization and simulation products throughout the automotive industry. Our arsenal of solutions for manufacturer is growing stronger as earlier [ph] this month, we added 2 new products to our simulation portfolio, one for composite design, one for composite analysis. The addition to these new products helps us reach new markets and assist our customers in developing the next generation of lighter, stronger, safer and more energy-efficient products. In total, our suites continues to grow faster than our overall business as customers realize the value and power of our suites. Suites have grown to represent 34% of total revenue for the quarter, up from 23% just 3 years ago. Our AEC suites had a particularly strong quarter, and we're experiencing strong momentum of our AutoCAD design suites. Turning to our cloud products. Fusion 360 made its official debut in the quarter. Fusion 360 is the world's first cloud-based software that combines industrial and mechanical design. Though it enables people to fuse stunning aesthetic design with great product engineering, it brings together capabilities typically found in separate mechanical, industrial and conceptual design tools into one easy-to-use cloud-based service. It has had hugely enthusiastic reception by customers and industry watchers, and we're very excited about its future. More and more, engineers, architects and designers took advantage of our cloud-based services during the quarter. POM 360 continues to gain customers. A common occurrence is that customers come back to us shortly after the initial sale and order more seats, which is a great sign. PLM 360 is going head-to-head with traditional PLM players and customers are selecting PLM 360 because it's not only solving their core PLM business issues but because it's cloud-based, it's easy to use and it's more flexible and scalable. We continue to see growth across all areas of the PLM business and the pipeline continues to grow. Just yesterday, we introduced the newest addition to our BIM portfolio with Autodesk Point Layout for layout at construction sites. This product underscores our efforts to transform the construction industry using BIM from the earliest stages of design all the way through project delivery and building operations. Many of you have shown a great deal of interest in our consumer business and how things are going there. Though only a few years old, we've made incredible progress to date. We finished the quarter with more than 136 million users and have surpassed 50 million monthly active users. These 50 million users have used our consumer products more than 220 million times in the last 30 days. The sheer size and uniqueness of our creative platform is attracting brands from around the world to partner with us. While with challenges in some of our end markets have led us to lower our third quarter revenue forecasts, we're taking action to rekindle growth. At the same time, the investments we made in new products or cloud platform and new businesses such as simulation are seeds of future growth. Now let's get into our business model evolution. It's clear that the software industry is changing in terms of the technology platform and the business model. Several years ago we made the decision to lead this change by delivering cloud-based distributed applications and services to the design and engineering market. We've also worked hard to provide our customers with more flexible licensing models. I'm very pleased with what we've accomplished. Our cloud offerings are unmatched in the marketplace, and customer acceptance and feedback has been enthusiastic. I mentioned last quarter that we would start rolling out more turn-based flexible license offerings to our customers. During the second quarter, we offered some of our products on a rental basis. With the introduction of these flexible plans, our customers now have access to high-quality solutions from Autodesk that may have been out of reach in the past due to upfront licensing costs. The project-based nature of freelance work also means the software may only be needed temporarily for short-term staffing needs, and rental license offerings provide flexibility to pay only when it's needed. This foray of flexible license options is just the beginning. Later this year, you can expect to see more flexible offerings from us. These offerings will be designed to give our customers even more flexibility with how they utilize our products and will provide the company with new ways to address new market opportunities. The addition of these ratable revenue streams and other business decisions will significantly increase the percentage of our ratable revenue, making for a more predictable business over time. We now believe this model transition will happen faster than previously expected. We're currently working through our plans for this business model's transition. At our investor day event on October 2, we will be better able to provide you with more details around our assumptions for the magnitude and timeline for changes related to this model transition. In our 30-plus year history, this is not our first business model transition. We called that just 10 years ago, we added subscription maintenance to our revenue stream. That was a big change at the time, and there was no shortage of skeptics. Today, that's $1 billion business and represents over 40% of our revenue. Suffice it is to say that transition was a huge success. Going forward, we will build on that success. Our customer base, portfolio of design and creation tools in our cloud and mobile offerings is unmatched. We're excited to move forward on this business model transition and give our customers even more flexibility with how they utilize our products. I want to thank our employees and partners who have created this opportunity and are driving these important changes in the industry. Operator, we'd now like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Steve Ashley with Robert W Baird.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I guess I'd just like to go back to the business model transition. You called it out obviously here in your remarks, but also called it out in the press release. And you've been talking about changes relative to more flexible licensing. But is it also possible that part of the business model transition could include changes to the cost structure or other operational aspects to the business?
Carl Bass: Steve, the way I'd think about it is mostly in terms of the customer-facing choices, what the offerings are and how they're delivered. As a more marginal part of that, certainly, each one of those involves a difference in margin structure. For the most part, it hasn't been particularly material, and I don't see that as being either the driving force behind it or a big byproduct. The more important things that I think you really should look at is the offerings for customers and how we change them, as well as, as we talked about, the accounting impacts in terms of ratable revenue.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Perfect. And then your education business, the third quarter is the biggest seasonal quarter. You called out that the impact in this recent quarter was 2%, but in the full year will be 2%. But in that peak seasonal quarter, the next quarter, how much might the absence of educational revenue be impacting that period?
Carl Bass: I put it in line with the others. It's, again, marginally higher but not enough to matter. When you look at the buying patterns around the world, it kind of washes out. And so I would think it is 2%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Carl, on the model change, you mentioned that it was going to occur faster than some people on the outside of the company had anticipated, but is it happening faster than you might have thought, even just a few months ago? Over the course of the summer, the company suggested that this was indeed one of the bigger or biggest things that you need to figure out. But what changed in your thinking in terms of market conditions or anything else that perhaps induced a somewhat faster change? And related to that, you have a pretty complex product line, over 20 suites, for example. Some are more complicated than Adobe's when they began to make their change. So how do you think about the metrics or pricing criteria in terms of handling a fairly complex product line in terms of moving it towards more flexible terms in licensing?
Carl Bass: Yes. Thank you, Jay. By the way, I just have to say one thing. I'm so glad I have a name that's easier to pronounce than yours. That's a little bit of getting mangled every time. So here's what -- and it must have been much harder to fill out in those standardized tests. Here's what I -- here's what we've been thinking about this, is we -- as you know, we've talked about this for a while, and we started looking at some of the rental opportunities. We see those as being important to actually capture parts of the market that currently aren't paying us for the use of this software, people in peak demand situations, freelance work. So we got really interested in that. Then we started looking at our enterprise customers, and we've talked about some of the things with more flexible licensing for our enterprise customers, in which there are, in essence, true-ups at the end of the year based on usage as opposed to negotiations upfront. And we saw an opportunity, and we described at least 1 or 2 of these in detail, how we both increased the amount of money the customers pay and increased their satisfaction with the use of those products, a real win-win. And then we looked at the middle part of our market, the place where we sell suites and subscriptions, the mainstream part of our business through the majority of our channel partners. And we saw opportunities to deliver things more easily, more flexibly. And all those contributed to say we saw a way to move the business more quickly. One of the things that happened to us along the way is recognizing the difficulty of both running, but forecasting and communicating a mixed model business. And we really began to appreciate that many of the dynamics about this financial model were going to be at odds with each other. And so for everything that we're well on one who's going to take away from the other, and it was going to be difficult internally to win that way just provide the right incentives and stuff, as well as communicate it externally so people understood what was going on with the business. The other thing that happened is we've been running these probes or science experiments, and the results of what we've done have been very positive. The next thing -- the next part, I would say, because you brought up Adobe, we're in, with respect to the complexity of the product portfolio, the other thing that we saw is Adobe introduced a business model transition without much of a technology transition, but really just changed the way that people pay for it and do it rather successfully. And it became more clear to us that the customers were willing to accept, and some even wanted this new opportunity. Because we're starting in a different place than Adobe, we don't feel the need to force people to agree to go to these new license models in perpetual licenses. And so we saw just a really good opportunity to a way that was economically beneficial for us and a benefit for the customers. As regards to the portfolio complexity, I mean, while we have 20 or so suites, if you look, it's really 7 categories by 3 offerings in each of these. The price points are very similar and have been -- because it's a relatively recent offering, they've been rationalized and harmonized over time. And we -- I think we were going to be able to introduce pricing that makes a lot of sense and we can deal with it consistently across those products. When we get to the first week in October, we get together, we'll detail a lot more of this for you. But we, obviously in order to go out with this kind of message, we've been thinking a lot about it and have done extensive planning. And we think it makes sense.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just a quick follow-up. Is it too soon to start talking about how indirect and direct -- but particularly indirect, works through this transition in light of the comp changes you made 1.5 years ago on -- aside from the fact you get 85% of your revenue from the channel.
Carl Bass: Yes. I see our channel partners, both the value-added resellers and the volume resellers can play -- continuing to play an important role. It's gotten interesting since I referenced it in my remarks about the business model change we went through about 10 years ago. Just to remind everyone, not only were people skeptical, many people read that to be something of the death of the channel or us stealing business from the channel. I mean, there were lots of conspiracy theories running around at the time. I continue to see partners playing an important role as we go forward. We're not anticipating a big change in the mix between channels. And I think partners will continue to play the same role they did -- they have. Our business, while in many ways, similar to Adobe, I think when it comes to channel mix, has always been somewhat different, particularly if you look a little bit under the covers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Carl, just wanted to touch base with you on you've mentioned moving the subscription maybe faster than some other people thought. I'm just wondering, as you move to the cloud, is there anything you could share with us in terms of kind of entry years, what do you think the mix of the business might be, what percentage of revenue you could be getting from that? And then the second part of the question is I know you're going to give us more detail on how you plan to roll this out in early October, but is this something where we might see you do it product line by product line instead of doing that big forced shift like auto plus [ph] , like Adobe just did?
Carl Bass: Yes. So I'll reiterate, we will give you more details in October. But if you look out a handful of years, I can easily imagine the vast majority of our revenue coming from ratable revenue streams just to try to draw an envelope around all of them, the vast majority, it's easy to imagine, and we'll detail how that will happen. As for our product lines or some of the other ways that we might do it by geo, I think it's unlikely; the cost and complexity in doing this one by one is really probably too difficult for us. And like I said, both internally to manage and externally to communicate. I think not only it'll be very confusing, certainly for the financial community, but also for our customers. Many of our customers, particularly the largest ones, buy products across our product lines. And so I think we need to be more consistent for that for all kinds of reasons. The changes we're contemplating and the plans we have in place enable us to do this across the product line.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then I just have one follow-up, if you don't mind. In regards to your guidance and knowing that you have a headwind related to the educational transition you're making, can you walk us through kind of the end market, why you're seeing seasonality be maybe a little bit worse than what people were expecting at the environment? From what we're hearing from other people, it seems to have stabilized and isn't necessarily getting worse. I mean, you're actually getting improving data points, macro data points, in places like the U.S. and EMEA in particular for the first time in a while. I'm just wondering kind of how you contrast that with the seasonality that you're looking for.
Carl Bass: Yes, no, good question. I tried to refer to that in my remarks. I said we are certainly seeing the same macroeconomic data that is definitely pointing to an improvement in many parts of the world, particularly in the building industry worldwide. We started -- we hinted at that last quarter, we saw more of it this quarter and we're actually really pleased with what we're seeing. We've also seen and we're taking a little caution from those some of the peer companies, particularly the technology industry, as well as some of our customers who have been a little bit more modest in their forecasts going forward. When there's an appearance of at least portions, if not a large part of the technology industry, being laggards coming in this recovery. So we're being a little bit cautious right now. We also understand there is the education thing we talked about. Currency has been a little bit of a headwind. And we're also anticipating that we might have a slight -- a relatively modest, but still I won't quantify it at this point, kind of slowdown as a result of announcing business model changes. People may pause a little bit. So what we're doing overall, we're just being a little bit more cautious about what's out there. But like I said, there are lots of signs [ph] that we saw were [ph] improving. Still, we saw lots of stuff we like in the construction industry, individual markets like our PLM markets, simulation markets, I feel good about. Question mark that remains for us is more the emerging economies and our run rate business.
Mark J. Hawkins: And I would just say, Heather, to build on Carl's point, it's when the economic data starts to translate into good news in the marketplace, when we definitely have seen this lag and I know you've seen it as well. It's been pretty consistent.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brendan Barnicle with Pacific Crest Securities.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Carl, I was wondering how the direct sales effort went this past quarter? I know last quarter, that was a disappointment. Did you see some improvement there, and any kind of change in deal sizes? I know that's typically where you see your larger deals.
Carl Bass: Yes, yes, we saw lots of improvement this quarter. I was very pleased with our major account. Q2 isn't a big major account thing, but compared to historicals, compared to the previous quarter, I actually felt very good about it. The 2 things that we saw and despite what others some on the phone have written about, what we saw this quarter was we saw generally good major account activity, good business through our value-added resellers and the softness was in isolated portions of the world and through some of the volume channels.
Mark J. Hawkins: I would also -- you'd asked for big deals in particular, Brendan. They are on a similar pace. We're not going to get into specifics, but it was on a similar pace to a year ago, slightly more.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Great, that's helpful. Mark, you've been consistently talking about this 30% margin goal. Should we put all that stuff on the side now that we're going to see these changes to the model going forward?
Mark J. Hawkins: This -- here's the way I would think about this, Brendan, is that we were -- we are committed to operate margin expansion. I think what's important for you to see is to have the full picture when we get together for the business model discussion, and in that context, that will provide helpful context. But the long-term notion of margin expansion, we're committed to.
Carl Bass: Yes, I would just reinforce Mark's point that from the point of view of profitability and a simplistic notion of revenue and costs, we're totally committed to increasing the profitability. As you look at some of the model changes, there really are accounting differences that will impact how we measure that. That's why we want to just try to provide the full context. As you imagine, if, for example, a particular revenue stream today is recognized upfront and moves to more ratable, it's going to affect the numbers but we will -- we believe and what we're asserting is it's better for the business. So you just have to get the complete context to get the numbers right. But our commitment to improving profitability has not changed.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: And then lastly, Carl, we talked about Adobe earlier. And one of the things that helped them with this transition was they tested it for a couple of years over on Australia. Would you look at just doing their own? Is that like in a specific geography as a way to test it or would that really not make much difference for you guys given the diversity of the products?
Carl Bass: I think it's -- I think the testing is an interesting idea, but if you look at the Adobe case specifically, they tested Australia, and I think that's good for making sure the mechanics of your business function well. As you can tell, they obviously engage end user demand as well as they would've liked to because they had to put in a pretty radical policy change in wanting to drive more adoption. So I think these kind of limited geographical tests at limited value, most of the things we've talked about, we've tried in one way or another. Certainly, what we're talking about in the enterprise space, we have been piloting it. And when you look at some of the things that we're talking about in the more run rate parts of our business, we -- like the rentals, we're also gaining the experience. So I feel pretty confident about what we're going to do there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Winslow with Crédit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just a couple of questions. First, in terms of just your October quarter guidance, I mean, how much are you baking in for just some of those headwinds you talked about from actual business fundamentals versus any of the accelerated change in the business model? Then also, Carl, just back to the business fundamentals. If that's sort of the primary reason, which does sound like for the guide down, which of the areas are you sort of most enthusiastic about when you look into the second half and which are the ones that are creating some of the caution?
Carl Bass: Sure. What I would really answer, and Mark can provide some color, I mean like you pointed out, the education is still going to be a drag. I'm still worrying about FX. It looks like it's changing right now, but then we just have to see how that plays out. When I look at our markets, I feel very good about the AEC market. That just continues to get stronger and that's really fairly broad-based, the only exceptions there are a couple of weak geographies, Southern Europe and some of the emerging economies. But generally about our main businesses, I feel pretty good. I'd like to see an improvement in our run rate businesses in order to feel fully enthusiastic. At this point, I think we have a question mark rather than a big deficit being created by the uncertainty of the business model change. The way we're rolling this out is rather than being a forced migration, this will be a choice for our customers. And we'll give you more details in October about that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital Markets.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Suites continue to do very well. I believe, Carl, you mentioned they were 34% of revenue this quarter. Can you remind us again on the ASP uplift there and maybe how penetrated the actual installed base is?
Carl Bass: Good questions. I think that's a perfect one for Mark to answer.
Mark J. Hawkins: So the ASPs, I think we had talked about, Matt, before being on track for 20% uplift in the ASP in total. We've been tracking at or above that from an ASP standpoint for suites, so that's actually materialized. We're actually thrilled with the way suites have been going. The response from the customer has been very positive. So the ASP in particular, very much on track.
Carl Bass: Yes, the one other thing we saw that was a positive sign this time and I try to call out in the remarks is that the AutoCAD Design Suites, which we had said from the very beginning was the only part of the suite strategy that had been below our expectations, actually did relatively well. As I'm always willing to point out, one quarter doesn't make a trend. But where will we see -- we've seen some steady improvement in -- and I think it's sustainable, and I really like to see that because that really completes the picture around our suites.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gregg Moskowitz with Cowen & Company.
Gregg S. Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Carl, just getting back to the AutoCAD Design Suite and the strength that you called out. If I'm not mistaken, the pricing for that recently came down by, I think about 20% to 25%. And I was just wondering if the elasticity of demand was such that you saw a meaningful net revenue increase versus the prior quarter and also if you're considering doing anything similar with regard to some of the pricing on the other suites as well.
Carl Bass: Yes. So one of the things I would just say in general, let me just frame this question just in terms of pricing in elasticity. The place where we see the greatest elasticity is in our products that are AutoCAD LT or verticals that are built on AutoCAD. The least is with the other suites. So I don't imagine anything different. You may see one-off promotions or regional promotions, but our ASPs on suites have been holding pretty steady. I imagine that continuing through the end of the year. The place where we always get the biggest response to this kind of stimulus is in things related to AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT, including those AutoCAD Design Suites. So I think you'll see us continue to turn the knobs and dials there. But I think the rest with pricing for the rest of the portfolio will remain notably stable.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Not to beat this transition horse dead here, but we did want to try to get to the bottom of this because you do have about 70% of your customers, by our estimate, I think the last time you disclosed, it's about 55%, which was 18 months ago on an annuity buying program already, which is effectively lower ongoing cost, sort of, an annuity type almost rental model. And I'm wondering, are we talking about the other 30% here and trying to move them to a new model? Or are we talking about taking that base that's already transitioned to, with you as you've alluded to over 10 years of moving them to a new economic model?
Carl Bass: Go ahead, Mark.
Mark J. Hawkins: Okay, so I think from a -- Walter, certainly, you got a lot of the math right. If you think about our subscription business today, we have 40% roughly, of our revenue comes in on a ratable basis already. I think as Carl talked about, some of the things that we've announced and are already in the marketplace will increase that ratability. We've talked about that percent going up over time. You can imagine rentals, and in fact, we're acquiring new customers. That, in fact, adding to that percent of recurring revenue. You can imagine us covering new platforms with the cloud, and that's all additive and that's going to be ratable revenue so you can imagine that going up. And then there's other decisions and stuff that we're not going to get into today, but we really look forward to having a discussion with you on October 2 about other things that we're going to do that are going to continue to step up. Carl talked about the enterprise where we have some ways to make our customers even happier and flexibility and to enhance our competitive position with great products, to be even more flexible with them but also to be able to generate more money. And so stay tuned. These are some of the things that are, altogether, going to add to ratability and then other decisions that we'll talk about later. Carl?
Carl Bass: No, I think that covers it.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: All right. And then just maybe one follow-up for you, one related question here on the macro side. I mean you have -- I guess we've seen -- we've become accustomed to when the macro is reasonably healthy, Autodesk was showing high single-digit, maybe low double-digit growth. And when the macro was tough, you would see 20%, 30% declines. And we just haven't seen the period before where the company has been sort of flat. It's either been pretty good or tough. And I'm wondering, it does seem like the macro is better, it does seem like you're positioning the markets or at least reasonably good. And the question we're getting from clients is just why the disconnect between what appears to be an improving macro over where things were a year ago and still the flattish to even down revenue that you're reporting?
Carl Bass: Yes, think that's a great question. What I'd say right now is give us a quarter or 2 and we'll have better answers about what's going on. I think like I said, for a while, it had been different. Last year, we talked about some things that internally created problems. Up until last quarter, we really haven't seen the improving macro turn into more business in our largest segment, which is AEC. Manufacturing was kind of a hold and serve. For the first time, we're really starting to see that. Many of the metrics we track internally in our AEC industry for the first time started to hit double digits again. Let's wait 90 more days and we'll have the conversation about it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I'm going to fully beat this dead horse here. Just to be clear, in not having a full year guide anymore, is that in relation to the business model changes, or is [ph] that just basically we've got to wait until October 2 to hear what is going to be going on and because there's going to be impact from that business model change on FY '14?
Carl Bass: Yes.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it.
Carl Bass: What I can say here is that the answer is yes.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: That works. I like definitive answers. And then in terms of in the current quarter, the one number that ticked down pretty significantly was this deferred revenue balance. You called out in the prepared remarks some of it due to long-term contracts. You also saw the short-term deferred revenue line down sequentially which is a little bit surprising, given more stuff that's going ratable. Can you help walk us through kind of what's going on there and how we should think about the deferred revenue billings metrics?
Mark J. Hawkins: Keith, glad to do so. First of all, as I think everyone knows, the deferred revenue, what's interesting about it is it's a little imbalanced. So it's a little different than a lot of indicators, it's a growing balance sheet going forward. It's actually up year-on-year, 7%. But it is down as exactly as you described, it's down 5% quarter-on-quarter. Now there's really, I would say, 2 things that are going on. If you dissect the deferred revenue, there's subs related to subscription and then there's licenses. And the license and other portion of it is exactly identical in terms of the sequential pattern that we had last year. The difference that's caused a little bit of downtick quarter-on-quarter has to do with subs, and there's one single reason for it. It has to do within Q1, we increased the price per sub renewal. And what that does is it creates, and has a modest increase as part of a broader plan that we've done, what it does is it has a little bit of a compelling event that pulls things in. And so on a sequential basis, you see a little bit of movement there. But it's really -- I think on a normalized basis, it's proceeding exactly as we would expect. It just so happens that Q1 price increase, full renewals in particular, created a little bit of that sequential dynamic. But exactly as we would have expected.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Is there any impact from the educational pricing change in there in that there's people who had -- I mean, I'm assuming there were some educational subscriptions if I'm not mistaken. Do those start to go away as you move from licensing to grants?
Mark J. Hawkins: I think that's pretty minor. The education side is not a big dynamic in this.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. And then if I could squeeze one last one...
Mark J. Hawkins: By the way, some education [indiscernible] subscription, by the way.
Carl Bass: Yes, there is a bunch on subscription but...
Mark J. Hawkins: And some that aren't.
Carl Bass: Haven't quantified the exact amounts.
Mark J. Hawkins: Exactly.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. And then if I could squeeze one last one on operating expenses. I believe this quarter, you were able to squeeze some further efficiencies out of the model versus what was in the guide from the kind of implied OpEx guidance, and OpEx was down sequentially again. From the 3Q guide, it seems like that's not implied in the guidance on a going-forward basis in terms of taking any further expenses out of the equation. How should we think about the flexibility or the leverage you have to pull further expense out of the business on a go-forward basis? Or should we think of this more as the baseline on a going-forward basis and mostly you'll be building up [ph] from here?
Carl Bass: I mean, I would think of this as the baseline, to give you the simplest answer, to add a little bit more nuance to it. We've demonstrated repeatedly that we were forced to take expense out. We certainly have the capability of doing that. Philosophically, we're on that right now. As we're interested in driving the technology change to the cloud and mobile devices and the business model changed. And I'd like to do that within a relatively tight envelope, so I'm not willing to do that at all costs. We've tried to be pretty cautious all through the year. It feels like we've had one foot or half a foot on the break the whole time, but I feel like we're accomplishing the things that we need to accomplish. And I'd hate to break that dynamic. I'd like to continue to move forward. I think the changes we're making and the products we're bringing to market put us in a leading position, and we want to make sure that we can capitalize on that. On the other hand, we don't want expenses to get out of whack.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Davis with Canaccord.
Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: I mean you talked about AutoCAD and LT kind of being saturated, where I kind of think as an area where you have a chance to kind of accelerate and grow I think kind of your efforts in simulation. So maybe if you have a second or 2 just to talk about kind of your opportunities and penetration so far, both on the disruptive pricing basis and even some of your cloud efforts on FEA and computational fluid dynamics kind of where that is now where you think it could be over the next quarter or 2, I guess even years.
Carl Bass: Yes. What I see right now is I think there are 2 areas in that realm, Richard, that make sense to see growth in because of the different approach we're taking both from the business model as well as the technology. One is simulation, one is PLM. Talked to you a lot about PLM. Just to give you a little bit of color, getting just a great response to PLM. There are days I wish we were only a PLM company because like in today's environment, we'd be worth billions of dollars for just our efforts in PLM. Our PLM business is doing well, it's being really well received. Most of our challenge in that part of the business is getting enough salespeople, enough consultants in place, having enough people to support our partners with the PLM business because it really is meeting the need of PLM customers and it offers all the attractiveness of what you see in many of the other cloud-based companies, Salesforce and NetSuite or Workday. So we really feel good about that. Simulation, we're having -- we have more of a mixed business there, both a desktop business as well as a cloud-based business. Really happy with the response to the cloud-based business. Desktop business is marching along. We obviously are really bullish about it. You saw the investment that we made in Composite Analysis. We think this is important in terms of material science and where our customers are going for designing their next generation of products. Across the board, I'd say the most successful product we have in simulation right now are our CFD products. I think our FEA is comparable. But there was -- the market for FEA, as you well know, is not the fastest growing part of the market. But our computational fluid dynamics are doing well, and I'm really pleased with people's willingness to adopt a new way of working. One of the things about the cloud is it just makes so much sense for simulation. And the response is good, and I just looked -- just before the call started, I was just looking and even this quarter and there were a bunch of product lines where I was seeing double-digit growth in simulation. So really, really pleased with what we're seeing there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you review for us, at this point, what products are actually on a rental pricing or in a cloud option that are available to customers?
Mark J. Hawkins: So there's a couple that are out there. You have the -- for example, the Inventor LT Suite and rental, you'd have the Revit LT Suite on rental. Those would be a couple examples.
Carl Bass: Yes.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And you had mentioned, I think on the last call, about looking at media and entertainment as an area to trial that as well. Did that happen?
Mark J. Hawkins: We did do some trials and 90-day offerings and things of that nature. So yes...
Carl Bass: And we're continuing with our rentals there. As regards to our rentals, we're just adding to it. That was one of the ones as opposed to pulling the switch all at once. We've been entering the market on a rolling basis and we're going to continue to do that. We think all of our products should be offered on rental basis, and so I can't say without exception. But in my mind, I don't see any products that won't be offered that way going forward.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: When you look at the model transition, especially from the thing that you're going to put on a cloud platform, how much of that investment in infrastructure is already done and what should we expect to happen in terms of additional investment?
Mark J. Hawkins: A couple of things here. One is that right now, we have been investing in building out a combination of some data centers, which is as one would expect, and that's in place. You can see that our CapEx has not hugely stepped up. It's still kind of in the envelope of around 3% of revenue. The other thing that I would say is that we also have first capacity that we use third parties that can help us with that, and that is also evident in some of the -- when people use that and we need that first capacity. So some of that is happening. There are other infrastructure and what I would say back office things that are underway and that are either -- have been constructed or to be constructed. So Sterling, it's kind of -- some of it's done and some of it's to go.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And last question, you mentioned AutoCAD LT as an area where the end market is suffering. I apologize if you answered it, but I wasn't clear, what is it in terms of what end markets or what geos are suffering around the AutoCAD LT business?
Carl Bass: I mean, we saw pretty consistently, none of the trends around LTE were particularly good this quarter. And what we've seen in the past is that because this is a product that responds to the demand generation activities, as well as promotional activities, we just need to increase what we're doing there. So the plans are already in place and being carried out. But there's nothing in that part of the business that I really want to celebrate this quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross MacMillan with Jefferies.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Many of mine have been answered, but maybe one for you, Mark. So just going back to the subscription deferred balance, and there's a lot of puts and takes on that in the quarter. You mentioned it's a pull forward in Q1. I think there's also FX impact. Could you just maybe take a step back and describe how, let's say, in the first half, subscription billings grew either relative to plan or if you have absolute numbers on an adjusted basis? That would be really helpful.
Mark J. Hawkins: You're looking at billings or are you looking at revenue?
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Billings.
Mark J. Hawkins: So I think we talked about for the quarter the dynamics that are going on there. And so when we come down to the maintenance billings, we basically had a decline of about 20% and that would have been on a -- if you look at it from a year-on-year basis. And if you normalize again for the multiyear, keep in mind, Q2 of '13, you can go back and look at it, we drove the price change for the multiyear subscription. And for everybody that doesn't recall, it went -- there was a 3-year price, a 2-year price. We took the discounts for 3-year and 2-year and cut them in half. That created quite a compelling event. And if you normalize that, basically on a maintenance basis, we're basically -- we're in a good mode from that standpoint. That's just one of the attributes that I talked about from a normalization standpoint. So that would be on the maintenance billings.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: So it's growing? It's growing, adjusting for the multiyear, foreign exchange and the Q1-to-Q2 kind of sequential impact? You would say that in aggregate, the subscription billings are growing year-over-year?
Mark J. Hawkins: In fact, it is. And the thing that I didn't even try to normalize for is don't forget, we talked about in Q4, we changed the price of upgrades. And that had an effect of pulling revenue in. We talked about that, of the $24 million that we strongly advertised and dialogued about. And that also has an impact on sub billings on a year-on-year basis. So actually, not even normalizing for that last point, I think we're just fine if you normalize for what's going on there on a maintenance basis.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Yes, that's helpful. I guess I'm just trying to understand if the subscription billings, once you normalize all the items, is -- are tracking to your expectation or if there's anything that's materially different from your expectation. It sounds like it's tracking to your expectation.
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes, I think on the maintenance basis, it really is, if you normalize it, it's pretty clean.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies LLC, Research Division: Great. And then maybe just on the implied operating expense for the current quarter, fiscal Q3, at least in my math, it would look like it would be up a little bit sequentially. Are there any operating expenses -- I know the increase around the business model change, so marketing spend, ramping or any other one-time spend around some of the changes that are coming?
Carl Bass: So generally, the answer is no. To put a finer point on it, there has -- we've continued over the last year to 2 years, make increasing investments in delivering cloud-based products and moving expenses away from some of the more traditional activities. We've generally kept it out of your eyesight, but that continues to go on to a small degree. And we -- but there was nothing major that's going to change about that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Carl, last quarter, you mentioned the transition at Adobe went through and that Autodesk wouldn't hit the approach trajectory at the same rate that Adobe did. I guess investors are concerned that maybe even this proposed plan would be a hybrid, which would include a lot of perpetual and subscription, therefore continuing this on choppy top line and bottom line approach. And I'm just curious if you could comment on your thoughts on that and is this a wholesale switch where perpetual goes away or is perpetual part of your model going forward?
Carl Bass: Brent, I think you have to look at 2 different parts. We'll try to give you much more clarity when we get to October. But I think you have to -- I mean, there are really 2 issues that are going on here. One is about flexible licensing, termed offerings, the way we go to market and how we deliver customers, deliver products to customers including web services, and all of that's increasing. The other one is more on the accounting side is really the ratability of that. So I think you see 2 different things going on. And we'll be able to give you a little bit more detail when we outline the plans for what we're doing. And I think [indiscernible] -- I think it will make a lot more sense. In some ways, I think all the comparisons to Adobe are fine. Adobe's a great company, I like the comparisons. But at certain points, when we diverge, we're starting with a point where we have 40% recovering revenue. We have a different product mix. We have a different customer base. And so given where our starting point is and the number of enterprise customers, I think we really have to lay out the different buckets for you and how they move -- how the offerings progress over time, as well as how we will account for those, and therefore, what the impact is to the more traditional metrics like revenue and operating margin, as well as I think it's incumbent upon us to start defining some new metrics that will give you more insight into how our business is going.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And the decision to revoke guidance for the year is more based on the new transition rather than any deterioration of your pipeline or ability to forecast?
Carl Bass: Yes. I mean, the business is the business we've described and we described it quarter after quarter. I mean, just hypothetically, if we made a change in which we took a portion of revenue and because of the way we offer it to customers, we had to account for it ratably. If I -- if we would have to describe the revenue impact of that today without the context of what's going on, the tone in this conversation, I'm sure, would be completely different. Does that make sense? I'm not trying to be cryptic, but if we had to go from recognized upfront revenue to ratable revenue, it will have a significant impact on whatever quarter we introduce these policy changes. And if you didn't have a context to interpret it, it would make little sense to you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Koenig with Wedbush Securities.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Maybe one easy one and one a little more enveloped question. The easy one is how did linearity go on your licenses in July compared to the, say, the first 2 months of the quarter?
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes, the linearity was actually just fine. In fact, it was slightly -- our total -- let me just speak to it, Steven, in a broader way. Our billing and revenue linearity was just fine and slightly more linear than it was a year ago, let's put it that way, for both billings and revenue in total.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Yes, okay. Just -- then I want to ask, do you expect the improvement in some of the manufacturing macro steps to help the manufacturing business? And then I do want to -- I want to ask a question as well, if I may, about your comments on the last call. You talked about -- I don't remember the exact words, but the idea was having some tactical revenue drivers in the back half of the year and how that would help you achieve some -- the guidance that was -- looked fairly back end loaded. I understand there's a model transition going on, but I'm wondering, are those sort of tactical revenue drivers still present?
Carl Bass: Yes, I mean, we're doing -- the things that we talked about to drive revenue are still in place. Most of the stuff you'll hear is incremental, it's about new kinds of offerings, it's about adding this flexibility. But all the things that we -- that were in place and that we talked about on the last call are actually -- almost all of them are in motion now. Some of the price promotions, some of the pricing changes, some of the stuff that we did within the sales organization, all of that, all in flight right now.
Mark J. Hawkins: Marketing-led initiatives for demand gen.
Carl Bass: Demand gen, many around some of the products. So yes, the 2 things are kind of independent with each other.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just that other question, the improvement in the manufacturing. Any indicators that you've been seeing in the last few months, can that help you guys or -- I want to find out.
Carl Bass: Look. I always like it when PMI goes up. I always like it when the ABI goes up. I like even more with the GDP goes up. That's what we've seen. We've repeatedly said that good GDP numbers seem to be more correlated to our business than any individual one. But every time one [ph] of the particular industry does better, even though it's only good -- it's only going to be good for us. It's a combination when we do our forecasting. So for example, we try to give some hints last quarter, we saw an improving environment in the construction industry. We wouldn't want to stick our necks out very far about it, but it started to materialize. I'm hopeful that that's going to continue into the second half of the year and next year. I hope the same thing happens in manufacturing. Even this quarter, we did see some really good business in our Manufacturing suites. And the one thing that I also called out is really some really good work, in particular, segments where we focus like automotive. Historically, that hasn't been a strong suit for us, and we continue to do better and better in that industry. And so I'm really pleased with the progress we make in there.
Operator: At this time, we have reached the allotted time for questions. I'd like to turn it back over to management for closing remarks.
David Gennarelli: That concludes our call today. As I mentioned, we have our Investor Day in October 2. If you haven't registered yet, please send me an e-mail or call me at (415) 507-6033. It's going to take place here at our San Francisco office, and we look forward to talking to you then. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may now disconnect.

===== 2014 Q1  (2013-05-16 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Gennarelli Carl Bass - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Mark J. Hawkins - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Tiffany, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q1 2014 Autodesk Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Mr. Dave Gennarelli, Director of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
David Gennarelli: Thanks, operator. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our first quarter. Joining me today is Carl Bass, our Chief Executive Officer; and Mark Hawkins, our Chief Financial Officer. Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be made available at autodesk.com/investor. As noted in our press release, we have published our prepared remarks on our website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments, and we will not repeat them on this call. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the anticipated future performance of the company, such as our guidance for the second quarter and full year fiscal 2014; long-term financial model guidance; the factors we use to estimate our guidance; new products and suite releases; market adoption and expected growth rates; cost management efforts; hiring plans; business execution; large transactions; strategic transactions; business prospects and financial results; our market opportunities and strategies, including our transition to the cloud and mobile computing; trends and sales initiatives for our products; and trends in various geographies and industries. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us, and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time to time with the SEC, specifically, our Form 10-K for the fiscal year 2013 and our current reports on Form 8-K, including the 8-K filed with today's press release and prepared remarks. Those documents contain and identify important risk factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today's call but will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of our GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today's press release, prepared remarks and on the Investor Relations section of our website. We will quote a number of numeric or growth changes, as we discuss our financial performance, and unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Carl.
Carl Bass: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. Over the past several quarters, we've been experiencing uneven economic activity around the world. For this quarter, the mixed global economy and challenging end-market environment weighed heavily on our revenue results. There are a few positive areas in the quarter, but overall, a weak April led to a disappointing finish to the quarter. From a geographic perspective, each geography had its challenges. Solid performance in Japan buoyed our results in Asia Pacific. Performance in EMEA remain mixed by country. We experienced good large deal activity in Northern Europe, but malaise in Southern Europe continued. In the Americas, our results in the U.S. were flat, while most of the region experienced declines. As a whole, emerging economies remained choppy and underperformed our overall business. Our AEC products performed relatively well, with growth in our suites and growth in all 3 major geographies. We have experienced signs of a recovery in the commercial construction market as architects, contractors and building owners are turning to our BIM solutions like our Building Design Suite and Infrastructure Design Suites. As we highlighted in the BIM webinar we hosted this past March, Autodesk is leading the BIM revolution, and we are well positioned to take advantage of the meaningful opportunity to provide BIM tools to the construction market. The construction industry and how it operates in the field has long been an unrealized opportunity for Autodesk. BIM 360 is allowing us to capitalize on this potential, and we saw a continued adoption and enthusiasm for both BIM 360 Glue and BIM 360 Field. Solid growth in our Product Design Suite for Manufacturing could not offset the declines we experienced in our standalone manufacturing solutions. The global manufacturing market has been more influenced by the downward pressures, but we look to fight through these headwinds as we go forward. Despite these headwinds, we continue to make progress in important verticals such as automotive. Several of our large multimillion-dollar-plus transactions over the past few quarters had been with automotive companies. More importantly, our investment in these major accounts is now opening up new opportunities to sell Factory Design Suite, simulation and visualization tools. What's more, penetration into the automotive companies themselves creates ecosystem opportunities for us in their supply chains. Overall, our suites continue to grow faster than our overall business, as customers realize the value and power of our suites. During the first quarter, we launched our new 2014 Design and Creation Suites, which offer unprecedented access to Autodesk's software portfolio, spanning desktop and cloud. We continue to transform Autodesk in the way our customers design, create and get their jobs done. Autodesk is leading the industry in cloud and mobile applications for design and engineering, with increased connectivity to the desktop, expansion across platforms and achieving significant milestones. Our cloud platform, Autodesk 360, was a key aspect to our new Design and Creation Suites, demonstrating again that the desktop and cloud are better together. New cloud-based features include the new Autodesk ReCap Photo service, which helps users create high-resolution 3D models from photos using the power of cloud computing. Also illustrating the power of the combined cloud and desktop solution, we introduced new desktop software and 360 cloud services called InfraWorks. This new tool helps accelerate the adoption of BIM and cloud-based workflows for the planning, design, construction and management of civil infrastructure projects. InfraWorks is available only with the new Building Design Suite and Infrastructure Design Suite. Autodesk PLM 360 and Simulation 360 continue to gain momentum, with increased adoption amongst our manufacturing industry customers. We hit our official 1-year mark as a PLM provider, with a community of users over 10,000 strong. While billings and revenue contribution are still immaterial, the trajectory is encouraging. Our PLM ecosystem is expanding to include new strategic partners. Earlier this week, we announced a new partnership with NetSuite, another company leading business transition to the cloud. The relationship integrates our Autodesk PLM 360 with NetSuite's own products and aims to transform modern manufacturing by helping manufacturers confront challenges, deliver quality products and address customer innovation requirements, all with a flexible cloud-based system. Starting this summer, we will roll out term-based or rental offerings of some of our suites and select individual products. These rental offerings of our desktop products are designed to give our customers even more flexibility in how they utilize our products and will provide us with new ways to take advantage of new market opportunities. As I mentioned last quarter, these offerings are based on a significantly different model, and we expect adoption and consumption of our cloud and rental offerings to increase gradually over time. As such, we are not anticipating any significant changes to our core business model in FY '14. Given our overall performance in the first quarter and continued unevenness of the global economy, we've lowered our revenue forecast for the rest of FY '14. However, through our continued diligence around cost controls, we believe that we can expand margins by 50 to 100 basis points for the fiscal year while still making essential investments in the business. In the long term, I believe that our business will achieve meaningfully higher revenue growth. We also remain committed to driving long-term margin expansion, with the goal of getting to 30% plus. As we look forward, our market opportunity and leadership has not diminished. I'm more excited than I've ever been about the opportunity in front of Autodesk, as we continue to transform our existing markets and disrupt new ones with our leading technologies. Operator, we'd now like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Walter Pritchard with Citigroup.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Carl, I was wondering if you could just talk about from a sales perspective -- obviously, you guys have made some changes over the last year. Maybe it's been a little bit longer than a year here, and I'm just wondering what impact -- how are you guys isolating the impact that the change in sales may have had on your performance this quarter?
Carl Bass: I think the changes in sales we made are diminishing in importance. There are a number of things. If you dig into the numbers more deeply this time, Walter, you'll see a couple of things that differ from before. We highlighted strength in Central and Northern Europe. Remember -- if you remember back, we talked about weakness there before, particularly the suite in our major accounts. One of the things that was clearly different this quarter was weakness in our major accounts. Major accounts has been something that we've been investing in and really proud of the accomplishments. To some extent, it looks to me like we ran the table a little bit in Q4, a little bit more than we thought. And so there was weakness around that. There was weakness in the emerging economies. And so I'd say in the sense of continuing improvement, I'd say we probably saw a slightly more effect from overall macro and less from our internal sales things. But there's probably still some lingering effects. Moving forward, we're not particularly pleased with the results this quarter. And we put in a bunch of plans already to rectify it. So we see kind of small incremental improvements we can make that will drive better results for the rest of the year. And so we will continue to tweak those. The major changes are behind us. But it'd probably be too far for me to go and say that there was no impact at all from the changes we've made in the sales organization.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then just a question for Mark on -- you guys have talked about in the past sometimes seeing some early indications of what's going out -- what's coming in, at least on the macro side from things like LT sales and subscription renewals, subscription attach rates. Could you just talk about how -- what you're seeing from the perspective of those metrics and what that tells you about the macro environment?
Mark J. Hawkins: Sure, Walter. I would say a couple of things. One is that LT is very promo driven and certainly, I think, was affected by the macro environment that we saw I'd say, especially in April. I think the one thing that we do know is how to address LT. And I think promotional activities can certainly help that, but we certainly saw an effect in April, for sure. I think the other things that we saw -- generally, things like our subscription renewal and attach, they were off slightly in terms of the metrics. But we're pretty stable. Really, in total, they're pretty close to highs that we've had in the past year, so not a material change in that effect.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Carl, Mark, I'd like to ask your thoughts on the composition of the revenue growth that you're looking for, for this year, the 3%. In other words, how are you thinking about the contribution from new license revenue growth versus maintenance revenue growth and even the residual from upgrades and cross-grades? With respect to the new business, there are 2 things I'd like you to perhaps reflect upon. One is that your new unit volume through the end of fiscal 2013 would appear to be still have been somewhat below what it was in the last full year before the recession. So you still had some upside left, so to say, to get back to where you are in terms of new unit volume. And back at AU in November, Mark, you pointed out that the majority of your new unit volume was attributable to suites and when you exclude LT. So if you could perhaps talk about how you're thinking about the overall opportunity to grow new license volume this year versus where you were and the other components of revenue?
Carl Bass: Yes. So maybe we can combine on this. I mean, one thing I continue to see 2 areas which will drive the growth in the end of the year. One is continued focus on Suites. Suites did well. They didn't just do well enough to offset some of the shortcomings in individual products, and the other one is LT. And so those are probably the 2 areas of focus. It will be -- it will certainly be our new units. Some of our forecast was against an increasing headwind on FX. So we see a changing currency happening and a little instability out there economically. But remember, when you look at new volume, that's going to be driven by volume in Suites and volume in LT.
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes. And I would just -- I would add, I certainly support Carl's comments. The other thing, when you are breaking it between new license and subs, Jay, we don't always guide out that way. But I think a couple of points to note that our subscription revenue grew nicely at 6% in Q1. And I think the other thing to point out to you is that our deferred revenue, which is where subscription comes from, is up 17% year-on-year. The total deferred revenue balance is $851 million. So I wouldn't -- again, you have to model it all the way out there. All I would say is subscription should be a part of that growth equation as we go forward.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: All right. Clarification on the earlier question about maintenance. Could you break it down across the business units or segments? In other words, is there any appreciable difference in attach rates or renewal rates or just general growth in billings across PSEB and AEC and Manufacturing?
Mark J. Hawkins: I would say different. Jay, I would say things -- there are certain geographies where the attach is slightly different than other geographies. We don't give specifics but, for example, in Asia Pac, the attach is slightly different than it would be, for example, in the United States. It would be one dynamic that we have called out. The other important dynamic that I will call out, Jay, that's important is that the actual renewal rate on Suites is actually higher than the renewal rate in average for the company. And the company is at, close to a high -- within a few points of the high for the company. So I think the fact that Suites are something that Carl talked about that we're going to be growing in the future, that's not a bad dynamic.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I've got a couple, Carl and Mark. I guess, first off, how did -- how do you see -- Carl, you mentioned you don't think Autodesk 360 can impact your business model this year, but how do you see it impacting your business model in calendar '14 and beyond, if you could share that with us? And then, Mark, I guess the question for you would be, how do we think about what's implied in your back-half revenue ramp? Because the seasonality was obviously much more pronounced to the downside in Q1, and you're guiding to similar below-normal seasonality in 2Q. But in the back half, you actually have seasonality that looks above normal. So can you walk us through what's implied in your kind of macro assumptions or business assumptions to get to that -- to see that ramp in the back half of the year?
Carl Bass: Yes. I think if we generally look, Heather, all the 360 products, what we'll see this year is continued growth in PLM 360 and Simulation 360. We will be launching Fusion 360, which is the first engineering tool that's cloud-based this year. And so when you just do the math over that and the way we're selling those products, we don't think it'll be very material this year. I think if you look at the collection of 360 products for next year, along with what we're doing with the term-based Suites, I think it starts becoming an important part of next year's story.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And I'm just wondering, does that impact how you think about giving guidance? Because -- is that going to be revenue that sits on the balance sheet? Or the way you bill it, is it going to be similar to kind of Adobe, where maybe it's not monthly, but it's quarterly? So it's not going to be the standard way of looking at the business.
Carl Bass: Yes. I think, or a not too hidden reference to Adobe. I think -- I mean, we certainly recognize what's going on with Adobe, and they have certainly made some choices. I think -- let's say it this way: I think we're going to end up in a similar place to Adobe over the long term. We're both going through a business model transformation, as well as a technology platform change. The way we get there will probably be different, partially because of the starting points. Remember, we're starting with nearly $1 billion in subscription revenue. They don't. And I think the second part is the offerings will look similar along the way. I have -- I don't think the ending of perpetual licenses abruptly is such a good idea. It's certainly not what our customers are asking for. So I think the rate of that transition for us will be slower, because we're going to still offer that choice to our customers.
Mark J. Hawkins: Okay. And then Heather, the second part question of the question had to do with the back half versus the first half of the year. So a couple of things that I'll call out to -- you asked about economics, but I'll just give you a little bit more color. The first thing I would just remind, and I know you understand this, but just for the broader folks on the call, is that there's a bit of a normalization you need to think about just from the reference point of the first half. We took $24 million of what would have been first-half growth and pulled it into Q4. If we normalized that, Heather, that would be a couple of points of growth in the period. That's just to kind of get to the starting point of the discussion. The second thing is that, you're absolutely right, you will see growth in the second half that's going to be higher. The thing to remind folks on is Q1 of this year, compared to Q1 of last year, Q1 of last year, we grew 11%. It's the toughest compare in the entire year. As you look at Q2 through Q4, the compares are much better, if you look at just the definition of year-on-year growth rate in Q2 through Q4 of last year. So the compares are definitely easier, certainly much, much easier than Q1. I think the other thing that we need to call out, as Carl touched on, you should expect the growth to come from Suites and LT will be driving forces in that, and I think I also touched on subscription. And so you'll see those as the makeup. And I can't get into particulars, as you will very much appreciate, but our go-to-market plans will address the opportunities both from the product and offerings and all things that you do with go-to-market. So let me just leave it at that, that's what's going to push us forward. And I would say, Heather, another important point is just think about Q4 growth will be even greater than Q3 growth. So just want to give you that profile.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Can you give us a little color on the strength in the short-term deferred revenue? I think you touched upon it, Mark. Was it all based on subscription? Or was there some other factor that gave you a lift?
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes. Sterling, it was subscription and multi-year subscription. In general, both of those together really contributed to that, if you look at it on a year-on-year basis. Just to give you a sense here, Sterling, that makes up -- I won't give you the exact percentage, but it's the vast preponderance of our deferred revenue.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And looking at the quarter, was there any one particular geography that really surprised you in terms of the weakness?
Mark J. Hawkins: I would say it was -- more uneven across a number of different categories. I -- Carl, I don't know if you have any thoughts. But I think -- I don't know that I would call one out as much as all of them, the macro sentiment was just tougher; in general, just a tougher selling environment.
Carl Bass: Yes. The [indiscernible] is equal opportunity. I'd spread it around.
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes. And I gave you more -- something more specific, but I think the general selling environment was tougher.
Carl Bass: Yes. If you get too fine grained about it, like you said, there are places here and places there. And if you pick it apart by channel, by geography, you can get to things. But I don't think it's that meaningful. And I think, more importantly, we spent a bunch of time trying to understand the patterns -- understand the root causes, as well as the patterns. And nothing really emerged for us from that. It looks like in places, we need to do a better job, at very specific things. But there wasn't a general trend across it. If anything, I don't think we should have been surprised or anyone else. But I continue to be disappointed by performance in Europe, particularly Southern Europe just continues to be a drag. But that'd be a bit much to call out a surprise.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Carl, x 2009 recession, this would be the lowest growth rate you guys have posted in 10 years. I mean, is there something deeper going on in your markets or some competitive issue? Anything that you're seeing that's different? And I'd a quick follow-up for Mark.
Carl Bass: Yes. The one thing I would say is that we are looking at, and we don't really have a conclusion, I think there is certainly noise out in the customers about the way they buy software. That is certainly beginning to impact. So I think the news from Adobe during the quarter about ending perpetual licenses and the lead up to that certainly has our customers asking questions about it. There's clearly a secular decline in desktop PCs. On the other hand, our customers still need workstation, quality devices in order to do their day jobs. They continue to buy software and hardware to do it. But I think at the margin, there is some friction and some doubt about what are the business models and what are the delivery models and what are the platforms look like going forward, and should I be looking at new ways to do it. So I think it's too early for me to declare that this is an ongoing thing. But I do think there are a number of points in there like that. I don't think that it can also -- the only thing else I'd add is one of the things that did change this quarter is we have moved from a sell-in to a sell-through model. And I think, naturally, that will introduce a little bit more volatility in the results, and not to introduce it as an excuse, but more just to bring -- to shine a light on it. So people are aware that having a sell-through model will continue to be slightly more volatile. I don't think it has a dramatic first order effect but certainly, marginally, it has some impact.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And Mark, just on the pipeline forecast methodology, this is now the second year where you had to take numbers down inside the year, where you gave the original guidance. So is there a difference in terms of how you're thinking about what's going on in the pipeline, given what's happened in the last few years?
Mark J. Hawkins: It's a great question, Brent. I think people have been pressure-testing the pipeline nonstop. We -- I think people have been looking at it with -- the company hasn't -- not done this for like 30 years. We've looked really carefully from a channel standpoint, from a sales standpoint, cross-secting that, trying to put the appropriate prudence in there and yet at the same time, the global economy has toughened up. And I -- I know I read all these different reports. I can see we're not alone in this dynamic. It's unfortunate, but in some of the same locations, where the economy has toughened enough and the selling environment is tougher, we're feeling the same things. So we're not exempt from that. Unfortunately, they just -- I think we absolutely are constantly scrubbing this thing, constantly trying to work the pipeline with all the right parties in the team. So Carl?
Carl Bass: Yes. I think the other thing is slowly, our business model is shifting. And that's why you're seeing better revenue results in the recurring revenue and not so much in the new license. Part of high renewal and -- attach and renewal rates, the addition of more functionality in there, we are continuing to move the business to that, which tends to spread out the revenues. So I think there are a number of small dynamics that add to it, much more so than something dramatically different. When you look at the competitive landscape, I don't think it's hard -- it's changed very much. If I look across AEC, I think we're starting to see pickup slightly. We tried to signal -- last quarter, we were beginning to see signs of a pickup in the commercial construction market on a worldwide basis. We continue to see some of that this quarter. So we see some strengthening in the C market. I continue to love our positioning in BIM as being not only the defining company for BIM but also the leading provider. In Manufacturing, which reported overall bad results, the place where the market is most competitive is around the Flagship offering, which is around our Product Design Suite. Our Product Design Suite grew double digits this quarter, and that's a great result. That's the most accurate comparison point against our competitors. And if you look at our competitors, they didn't grew double digits in that product line. So our lead engineering product grew double digits, so I feel good about that as well. Around margin, I'm not -- I feel like we have room to improve in some of the point products and in some of the more niche applications that overall weighed on it. But if you look at the positioning overall, that's really strong. The other thing I would point out is we have a lead position in terms of how these markets are changing. We have the first cloud-based engineering design tools. We have the first cloud-based simulation tools. We have the first cloud-based PLM tools, the first cloud-based construction tools. So if you go through that, those are all places where, to some degree, we're slightly ahead of the market. But if you give me a chose between being slightly ahead of the market and slightly behind the market, I would choose our position in, all day long.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Gregg Moskowitz with Cowen and Company.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Carl, just anecdotally, what are the early responses been to the refreshed Design and Creation Suites that you introduced a few weeks ago?
Carl Bass: It's a little bit early. General response is really good. Continue -- people continue to see the value. Mark talked about reflecting it in renewal and attach rates, which is the most sure sign that people see value in it. It's one thing, that anecdotal, it's another to see those renewal rates be good. We pretty much got that down to a science, how we do our Suites. And like I said, I like to see continued growth in building Design Suite, Infrastructure Design Suite, Product Design Suite, those are the key initiatives, and they're doing well. I like the strength in those products. The interesting thing to see this year is we've started offering more capabilities about a connected workflow, being connected to the cloud, using it for simulation, visualization, PLM. That's really -- and almost back to Heather's question, we'll be able to give you a little bit more insight, as we watch the adoption of the cloud services that are attached to our desktop products, to the Suites. That will be a really good indication of how well we're doing with it during the year. So in a standalone basis, I think we've proven the point and proven the value in the Suites. Our -- the next task in front of us is demonstrating value to our customers in terms of the web services that come along with the Suites.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, great. And then just for Mark, the loss on hedging in the quarter was a little greater than we were expecting. For fiscal '14 guidance, I'm sure you're assuming that spot rates will remain constant. But can you say what sort of currency impact on revenue that will equate to for the full year?
Mark J. Hawkins: We don't actually present that, Gregg, for the full year. But I think you got it right, we always disclose that in the current quarter. You could see that the full effect on a year-on-year basis. It took about -- it depressed it by about 3 points of revenue growth year-on-year. You can see the effect on operating margin. It had a downward draft on operating margin. You can see the delta there between the FX effect on OpEx, favorability and the unfavorability on revenue. So you can see it from that standpoint. One of the things that I would call out, Gregg, just to help is that we're not anticipating or projecting anything different from kind of what we have in our -- what we see today. You do know we do a 4 quarter layered hedge from that standpoint so it will actually cover that. And another point, just that kind of touches on this, Gregg, around FX and even the economy, some people -- I've read a lot of the industry reports on the competitive market, where people are also finding it a tougher selling environment. I see some thread about tough first half patch, rough patch there and then, we'll get better assuming going forward. We're not assuming that. So FX, what you see is what you get. For the 4 quarter layered hedge, you can see the effectiveness, period. And then from an economic standpoint, we're not assuming anything different either on the FX side or the macro economy side. I hope that helps, Gregg.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brendan Barnicle with Pacific Crest.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Carl, I was just going to follow up on Walter's -- your response to Walter's question about the weakness in major accounts. Does that -- can we assume from that, that direct sales, your internal direct sales were weaker than general sales?
Carl Bass: Yes, you're absolutely -- as I watched a number of people this quarter publish -- a number of people published reports on their channel chats. I think that some of the people got cross wise is that they did a -- they were safely in the channel, and the channel actually got better than our major accounts, which is the opposite of what has been the majority of the last 6 quarters --
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Right. And then following up on -- you talked [indiscernible] product. I think you ended a lot of it with Heather's -- with your response to Heather's question. But I assume that you contemplated all those changes in terms of that move to rental, whatever that may, however that may impact revenue in this full year guidance?
Carl Bass: Yes, of course. Yes. Everything we're talking about is in there. There may be some variability in the adoption rates and stuff like that. But to the extent that we've been able to project it and run sensitivity analysis around it, this is our best idea of what will happen.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I just like to ask about the emerging economies, kind of declined here to 13% in total. I think we have to go back to 2006 before -- the last time it was that low of a percentage of your revenue. Would just love to get some color on the relative kind of shrinking of that geographic representation within your business. And is that something where they're not buying Suites as much in emerging economies? Just trying to get some color on that.
Carl Bass: Yes, I think the 2 things are -- there's not as much purchase of Suites in emerging economies. It's clearly still a single-suite product solution there. And I'd say the second part of it is, which has always been true, is there's more volatility in the emerging economies, and our ability to grow there is tempered by the piracy. Piracy is still at incredibly high percentage. Remember, piracy rates are somewhere north of 80% in these emerging economies, which means the availability of software that you don't have to pay for. That's just a difficult environment, and we do the best we can against that backdrop. But as economies weaken or as governments let up on their compliance efforts, companies see it as an opportunity to contribute to their bottom line rather than ours.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then I'd like to really ask about one of the kind of the bright spots in the quarter. And that was the AutoCAD Design Suite. That was a product you've had out for several years -- not several, but 2 years. But recently, it seems to be getting more traction. Am I reading that right? And if I am, what do you think is aiding that?
Carl Bass: Yes, you're reading it correctly. It's continuing -- and by the way, remember, even at the very beginning of our introduction of Suites, we were pleased with the results of every suite with the exception of that one. The best analysis we've been able to put together in talking to customers and surveying them is that the pattern around buying AutoCAD was most entrenched compared to our other products. It was a product that people tended to use more in the standalone fashion, and it was the one in which had been in the market the longest, and their buying habits were more -- they were more set in their ways in the way they bought it. I think we've continued to add value to it. People have appreciated it. They began to recognize the other things we put into it. And it's one of those cases where having a consistency, our purpose of making sure that people get more value from this, has benefited us. So just staying the course sometimes is half the battle.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: A lot of questions on Suites here. I'm wondering -- obviously, that had some good success here since you introduced them. I'm wondering how you think about a pricing increase eventually.
Carl Bass: So -- I mean we've had pricing increases in our Suites. We're constantly looking at prices that -- if you look at our prices across the product lines, across geographies, we are always working to balance the value we deliver with -- to our customers with the prices we charge. And we continue to do that on an ongoing basis. Right now, we're really happy with the performance of Suites. And I don't want to beat a dead horse here about it. When I look at the results of the first quarter and project it to the remainder of the year, my focus is continuing the good work we're doing on Suites and picking up the slack in some of the areas that have already been addressed. So I feel really good about Suites. I think there are single-point products. There are important products like LT. There are particular geographies like we talked about, our major account program needs to pick up the ball here. That's more where I see our efforts going in towards the second -- to the second through fourth quarter.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then a quick one on the customer side, obviously, you haven't monetized that to date much, how should we think about that adding to growth next fiscal year?
Carl Bass: Yes. The consumer business continues -- kind of doubles in size on a small base. If you can continue to do that in future years, that number gets bigger. It started on a pretty small base. I think it's important -- I think just to back up and just talk about our consumer business, our consumer business is a relatively separate part of our business. It doesn't compete with the operations of the rest, so it's relatively distinct. It has been a wildly successful marketing engine for us. We are learning a tremendous amount by serving consumers. We're also learning a tremendous amount about new ways to monetize. And so for me, it's been a great learning ground and a great marketing device for the overall company. As we've continued to work this year, the goals have shifted more from the experimental, more towards turning into revenue. And we're finding the ability to do that. It's just -- it is off a relatively small base, but I am encouraged by some of things I'm seeing in our consumer market and our ability to turn this into revenue.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just thinking about stuff that may have changed in April, because we've been operating in an uneven macro environment for a while. One thing that comes to mind is federal and the sequester. Do you think there's any kind of ripple effect going on from the sequester that might be impacting your customers?
Mark J. Hawkins: Well, one thing I would say to you, Keith, is we're always looking at things like that. Because the sentiment, as I say, you can see it in the other parts of the space. We can see it. But what was interesting is our government business is small, but it actually grew year-on-year. So we don't break that out, because it's a small thing from our direct relationship with the government. The second order effect is obviously harder to see in terms of how the sequester could be impacting the United States.
Carl Bass: Yes, we certainly get more revenue in that secondary way, which Mark alluded to, and far more than our direct business in government, which has always been small. It's the secondary that comes through the contractors who provide the services to the government. And certainly, anecdotally, many of them said, "Things got hung up." I think the question right now is how much is postponed versus canceled. But in talking to our infrastructure customers, there's no doubt that money dried up, which affects the private sector that's associated with the public sector work.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it, got it. It makes sense. And then in terms of -- I think it kind of goes along with Heather's question. If we look at in the back half, not only due to revenues ramp-up in the back half, but it seems like the operating margin gains come largely in the back half. Is that just on the back of sort of better revenue performance to easier comps? Do you guys get some revenue growth in the back half? Or are there any actual sort of expense-saving programs that are going to take effect and get you those margin gains in the back half of the year?
Mark J. Hawkins: So a couple of things here, Keith. One is that -- I think you can see, even with Q1, a tight handle on the spend. I think our total spend was down year-on-year about 2%. OpEx was down over 4%. So we've got the -- the spend is quite tight. I think the -- a little bit of revenue growth with a 91% gross margin, roughly speaking, gives you a lot of leverage. And so I think that is one thing that would certainly help. Of course, you'll expect us to continue to be prudent in our spending while at the same time making the investments we need to. So I think you should assume we've got a pretty good handle on the spend and the revenue growth as we articulated. Okay?
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of the Steven Koenig with Wedbush Securities.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Let's see. Let me start with a housekeeping one for Mark. Mark, can you bridge us by giving us maintenance revenue this quarter or just cloud subscription revenue? We have the comparison from the year-ago quarter now, but is that something you can help us with?
Mark J. Hawkins: So that's -- is that maintenance revenue, Dave?
David Gennarelli: You're talking about a breakout between subscription and maintenance?
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Yes, sir.
David Gennarelli: We don't actually break that out. It's -- the preponderance of it is maintenance, though. I mean that's the thing you should think about because the other -- there's a couple of bits in there, but it's vastly maintenance. Gregg -- or excuse me, Steve, that should help you the most there.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay, all right. It's going to be hard for us to do the comparisons since we've got just 2 quarters of apples-to-apples now. But...
Mark J. Hawkins: Why don't we do this, Steve? Take this off-line. You can reach out to Dave. I'm saying the vast, vast, vast majority is -- I don't how to underscore vast enough -- is maintenance revenue. But you're asking a great question. I'm trying to give you a very, very clear signal that this is a very big number that's maintenance relative to subscription.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Yes, okay. Got it, okay. Let me just throw a question for Carl then. So Carl, in thinking about your full year guidance reduction, when we think about the factors behind it, you've already talked about the macro being probably the most important here. But if you think about the macro versus any lingering impact from last year's sales changes versus a structural change in the market, what's -- your comments were interesting earlier about that. How do those factors play in here in terms of the reduction of full year guidance?
Carl Bass: Yes. So I would certainly back those as being the leading and predominant cause. I think FX is beginning to take a toll secondarily. And any of the other things, I would see out of a different trajectory going in the other direction. So for example, any changes we made from sales, I see improvement coming there. I expect to have a much better second half of the year in our major account business. One of the things that's unlike the rest of our channel business, even if you look over the past several years, our major account business is becoming increasingly back-end loaded. It's not a characteristic I particularly love. It just happens to be a fact. And it has somewhat to do with our end-of-year and our customers' end-of-year spend. That puts us more in the category of other enterprise software companies. So most of the other things I see is changing for the better. I think there'll be some small impact of more revenue going to termed and recurring, but we've contemplated that in our guidance. And so overwhelmingly, our anxiousness is around the worldwide economy and what's going on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross MacMillan with Jefferies.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Carl, I was just curious as to whether you think there are any other factors impacting license sales. And what I was thinking about is whether you think there's any risks that Suites can actually cannibalize some sales of products in the portfolio. So for example, a customer was going to be buy Navisworks, they're on Revit, they can now do the cross-grade and buy Building Design Suite. And so they sort of forego having to buy that Navisworks license. How do you -- how are you gauging whether that's happening or not? And how do you know it's not a factor here?
Carl Bass: Yes, Ross, I think that's a fantastic question. Whenever we do any of these combining products into different offerings, we model out the cannibalization, and we do our best to measure it. So to answer your question directly, there was absolutely cannibalization. To date, we haven't seen it exceed what we modeled in laying this out. And in all the cases in which we do this, the expectation is that the increase in units from the new offering will outweigh the cannibalization. And so in every offer we've ever done, whether this is LT relative to other data suites, relative to point products. Now the other interesting part of this is we have a much better system by which to measure what people are actually using. And we combine that information with survey work we do and look at historic buying patterns in our customer base to understand the cannibalization. So at this point, we say there is differently cannibalization. But it's as projected and as modeled. We haven't seen anything that wildly exceeds that in any dimension. But it's a really, really good point that the people who work on this pay lots of attention to, and we're always really mindful of because it's a very -- it could be collateral damage of a very good strategy, and we know we have to manage it very carefully.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then, Mark, I think you commented that the assumption you have for the rest of the year is no improvement in the macro environment. Given that -- it sounds like the first 2 months of the quarter were better than the last months of the quarter, so as you sort of reset, is it -- I guess, I sort of nitpicked, but is it a -- sort of blended first quarter, let's assume no change? Or do you think the status quo of April is persistent? I'm just trying to get a sense for how you kind of approach that and think about that.
Mark J. Hawkins: It's a great question. I would say, Ross, our thinking was more around, what we saw in April is the most current data point, including the linearity, even going into the quarter. But April, we don't try to assume that things are going to get better. We think it's more prudent to plan with what we see and then try to factor in all the overlays that Carl talked about. That's the way we approach it.
Carl Bass: Yes. The way we'd generally do this is, just to get behind the curtain a little bit, is we get to see the last month and we get 2.5 to 3 weeks of this quarter. And so it's that combination of factors that we look at as we put this together. And we've talked about this before, someone brought up the methodology, we continue to do the same kind of forecasting. We do big work on macroeconomic stuff. We do grounds-up surveys and a rollout from the field, plus we do the analytical work to see the historicals just like you do. And we're continuing that same methodology.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan with Merrill Lynch.
Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: I'm just wondering, if you look at the maintenance base of the company, you've done a fabulous job over the last 4 to 5 years. From the great recession onwards, you've raised that base by about 70%, 80%. So the number of subscriptions on your maintenance program is up about 70%, 80%. Are we at the point where that is starting to, not the Suite so much, but the fact that you have so many people on maintenance that get the free upgrade, is that what, maybe the reason behind the slow license growth there? And if that is the case, even partially, why would you not do the full-blown model transmission? I think -- I'm sorry, transition, not transmission. That was a question that I asked from the earlier call a quarter back. Why would you just not go full transition to subscription and get price increases through new products and such? And the stock market seems to love these kind of transitions anyway.
Carl Bass: Yes. So I think you're onto something. If I was to attribute something, I think there is somewhat of -- we always used to talk about some amount of our new Suite license revenue was more about churn in the industry, and what I had labeled is the lost sock phenomena. People lost licenses like they lost socks. When people are on subscription, the socks, so to speak, don't get lost. So I do think there is some amount of new licenses that we used to see, and there is some impact there. It's really hard for us to categorize it. To turn the hypothesis of your question and go to the conclusion, we are spending a good amount of time contemplating, given the macro environment and given the model change, just where -- which things we need to really accelerate and which not. And we -- you'll see this year, we're going to roll out. We decided not to do it in this quarter, but you'll see in Q3 the rollout of more termed offerings. It turned out that we ran an experiment last quarter. We thought it was very successful. And again, back to that question on cannibalization, we thought the termed offerings were really successful at getting people to use licenses that otherwise would not. We did not think it cannibalized our sales. We are going to go to a much broader slot in the portfolio in Q3. Given the Q1 results, we delayed the introduction in Q2, because we didn't want to impact 2Q -- Q2 until we move to Q3. But in Q3, we'll see much broader use of termed offerings. As I already said in answer to a number of questions, we're going to more termed offerings around our 360 products. And in the combination of that, we are constantly making a judgment about how hard to step on the gas in terms of the model transition.
Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Carl, and also the -- with the 360 term-based product, cloud-based product being available for quite some time, do you think that might be confusing buyers and making them sit on the sidelines as they evaluate your -- for subscription-based offerings?
Carl Bass: There might be a small amount, but one of the things that we've tried to do in contemplating this is remember, we connected many of the 360 offerings to the Suites so that people get entitlements along with it. We've worked hard. I mean, model transitions are hard, and everybody understands that. And we've gone out of our way to try to understand all the implications, all the consequences and, to some degree, the unintended consequences as we put together new pricing and new offerings. And it's a complicated environment in which people are making new choices about the way that deploy IT in their organizations, about the offerings that we have. News comes in from the site from other companies and the way they're offering their products. So I think it's going to be a little bit more spotty, but we have spent a huge effort in trying to understand how we can move this model as quickly as possible but while still being prudent.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Matt Williams with Evercore Partners.
Matthew L. Williams - Evercore Partners Inc., Research Division: Just one quick question for me on the rentals approach. Is there anything, do you think, structurally within your organization or your go-to-market model that needs to change as you sort of begin to make more of a push on the rental options later on this year? And I guess, along with that, are there any particular markets, whether it's AEC or Manufacturing, that you feel might be better suited towards that offering?
Carl Bass: Yes, I think the 2 markets that are better suited in M&E and AEC, and I think that's just the nature of the work within the industry is more project-based. The economic structure of the industry revolves around projects in both of those industries. Manufacturing is more enterprise-based or firm-based. And so, generally speaking, it's less attractive there, particularly the termed offerings over short periods of time would be a little less interesting there. On the other hand, we've got to be clear in our terminology because some of our products like our Fusion 360 and PLM 360 are all intended for the manufacturing market. So they will move to termed offerings. But in the place where we offer the existing product like the Suite and now we will have the ability for people to rent that Suite, I think they're going to be far more attractive in AEC and Media and Entertainment than they will in Manufacturing.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time.
David Gennarelli: That concludes our call. We'll be at the B Bay [ph] Conference on June 5. If you have any follow-up questions, you can reach me, Dave Gennarelli, at (415) 507-6033. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q4  (2013-02-25 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Gennarelli Carl Bass - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Mark Hawkins - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Melissa Gorham - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Kenneth Wong Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Blair H. Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Daniel T. Cummins - B. Riley & Co., LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. This is the operator, and I would like to welcome everyone to the Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to David Gennarelli, Autodesk Director of Investor Relations. You may begin.
David Gennarelli: Thanks, operator, and good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2013. Joining me today are Carl Bass, our Chief Executive Officer; and Mark Hawkins, our Chief Financial Officer. Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of this call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. As noted in our press release, we have published our prepared remarks on our website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments, and we will not repeat them on this call. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the anticipated future performance of the company, such as, our guidance for the fourth quarter and full year 2014; long-term financial model guidance, including our operating margin goals through fiscal 2015; the factors we use to estimate our guidance; new products and suite releases; market adoption and expected growth rates; cost management efforts; hiring plans; business executions; large transactions; strategic transactions; business prospects and financial results; and market opportunities and strategies, including our transition to the cloud and mobile computing; trends and sales initiatives for our products and trends in various geographies and industries. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us, and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time to time with the SEC, specifically, our Form 10-K for the fiscal year of 2012, our Forms 10-Q for the periods ending July 31, April 30 and October 31, 2012, and our current reports on Form 8-K, including the Form 8-K filed with today's press release and prepared remarks. Those documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today's call, but will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today's press release, prepared remarks and on the Investor Relations section of our website. We will quote a number of numeric or growth changes as we discuss our financial performance, and unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. And now I would like to turn the call over to Carl Bass.
Carl Bass: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. We are pleased with our stronger-than-expected fourth quarter results, capping a year in which we made significant progress on our strategic initiatives and drove meaningful non-GAAP operating margin expansion, despite a mixed economy. As we near the 2-year anniversary of the launch of our design and creation suites, we couldn't be more pleased with their progress and growth. Revenue from Suites increased 50% over that 2-year period. Suites now represent 30% of total revenue, up from 23% just 2 years ago. We're delivering exceptional value to our customers, who get to utilize and experience more of our broad product portfolio. What's more, we have seen a meaningful increase in our ASPs. It's a win-win. Growth in our Suites help drive the record revenue results in both our AEC and Manufacturing business segments. The investments we've made over the past couple of years in our major account direct sales continue to pay off. In the fourth quarter, we had a record 45 transactions that exceeded $1 million in value. This is up 25% year-on-year. Even more impressive is that the total value for these large deals increased 36% year-on-year. The list of these large transactions is diversified geographically and by industry. For FY '13, large deals increased by 18%. And we're seeing increasing involvement of our channel partners in these large transactions as well. Our AEC business had record quarterly results. This was driven by strong large deal activity around the world and growth in AEC Suites. We attribute our strong growth in AEC Suites to the growing implementation of BIM across all disciplines of the AEC industry, including infrastructure. BIM 360 wins in Q4 were concentrated in construction, reflecting our leadership role in providing cloud and mobile technologies to that industry. From a geographic perspective, Q4 revenue was driven by strong results in Asia-Pacific. Strong growth in Japan and China led APAC's results. EMEA had modest growth as reported, but was better on a constant currency basis. Results in EMEA were led by strong large deal activity in Northern Europe. The Americas performance was uneven by country. Canada was strong, while the U.S. and Latin America declined. Large deal activity in the Americas at the end of the quarter was strong. I'll also note that a disproportionate piece of the meaningful backlog build this quarter was from the Americas. Growth in China was strong. Outside of China, results in the emerging economies were disappointing. Emerging markets are typically choppier than mature markets. Some of this is currency-related, but we are also working through leadership changes in India and Brazil. We continue to believe revenue from emerging economies will be a growth driver for the company over time. Usage and adoption of our cloud and mobile platform, Autodesk 360, continues to grow. Customers across a range of industries are taking advantage of the scalable computing power and flexibility provided through our cloud and mobile services. Autodesk continues to lead the industry in cloud and mobile applications for design and engineering with the introduction of new offerings. On the Manufacturing side, in just a few quarters, Autodesk PLM 360 has expanded to over 10,000 users. We're involved dozens of pilots and early deployments that are the seeds for the future. It's been an exciting and fast-moving first year for us in this space. Customers are giving us great feedback that this solution is dramatically easier to deploy and configure at a cost that is a fraction of legacy systems. Fusion 360 was introduced during the fourth quarter as the world's first cloud-based 3D mechanical modeling and industrial design product. Fusion 360 allows design and engineering professionals to more easily create 3D product designs and collaborate with others in their supply chains, all while working online. Simulation 360 is a powerful cloud-based simulation solution that we introduced last fall. Customers have used Simulation 360 to run more than 30,000 simulation jobs and are responding positively to the productivity gains, cost savings and the new business model. Looking at Autodesk 360 across industries, we saw a significant jump in the number of cloud rendering jobs completed by our customers. More than 1 million jobs were completed in the last quarter alone, bringing our total rendering jobs to more than 2 million. AutoCAD WS, one of our first and most popular cloud and mobile applications, has surpassed 11 million downloads. More than 2 million unique users now access WS each month. We are very excited about the growth potential of cloud and mobile services. We are transforming the company in the way our customers utilize the cloud to get their jobs done. Starting later this year, you will see more rental and usage-based offerings from us. These offerings will be designed to give our customers even more flexibility in how they utilize our products and will provide us with new ways to capture new market opportunities. These offerings are a significantly different model, and we expect adoption and consumption of our cloud and rental offerings to increase gradually over time. As such, we are not anticipating any significant changes to our core business model in FY '14. We've also successfully brought mobility to personal design on the consumer side of our business. Autodesk 123 Design becomes the first mobile 3D modeling application enabling users to create sophisticated, precise 3D models on their tablet, Mac, PC or via their web browser. We also debuted an Instructables mobile application, which provides users access to over 100,000 tutorials on do-it-yourself projects in technology, workshop, living and more. We recently surpassed the 50 million downloads mark for our mobile apps on Apple's App Store, which is truly amazing in just a few short years. While our consumer business revenue is very small relative to the rest of our business, it's growing rapidly. Bookings growth from advertisements in FY '13 grew more than 3x year-over-year. Over the past few years, the vast majority of our cash balance was located offshore. In December, we addressed that structural issue by raising $750 million in our debt offering. We took advantage of historically low interest rates and our investment grade credit rating, securing cost-effective new capital that gives us significant financial flexibility. Uses of this capital could include M&A, continued share repurchases and general corporate purposes. Looking back on FY '13, we accomplished a great deal, including launching our cloud platform, Autodesk 360, PLM 360, BIM 360 and Simulation 360. Sales of our design and creation suites continue to ramp, and we worked through a realignment of our entire organization to better serve our customers and drive future growth. We accomplished all of those things and more while achieving record non-GAAP operating margin dollars and EPS, as well as record billings and deferred revenue for the fiscal year. Overall, we believe our progress in each of these important initiatives positions us well as we enter FY '14. Looking forward, the unevenness of the global environment keeps us somewhat cautious on near-term growth. For FY '14, we believe we can achieve revenue growth of approximately 6%. We continue to balance our ongoing spend management measures with making key investments in our strategic initiatives and expect to increase non-GAAP operating margin by 125 to 150 basis points. As we look at the year, we expect a greater portion of the growth coming in the second half of the year. In the longer view, we remain confident in our ability to drive growth and deliver meaningful operating margin expansion. And finally, I want to thank our great employees and partners for their outstanding efforts and contributions throughout the year. Though our results were uneven, we accomplished a great deal. We are well-positioned and excited by the future. Operator, we'd now like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from line of Brent Thill.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Carl, just on the guidance. You're coming off a fairly easy comp. And just curious to get the assumptions that are underpinning your 6% revenue guide, considering you have what would seem to be a pretty easy comp for the majority of the year.
Carl Bass: Yes, Brent, I think there are 2 things that are competing with each other as we thought about guidance for next year: On one hand, on the secular stuff, we're certainly seeing improvements. We look out there, and you see good indications in manufacturing and certainly strong indications in construction. Data points out there, not huge trends, but certainly good data points. And I feel like we turned a quarter in Q4. On the other hand, there's no shortage of economic and political volatility. I just witnessed the news this morning, or the nonsense that's going to go on in Washington, leading up to Friday. So I think we still have a little bit of nervousness, particularly in Europe and the Americas, about how the political situation is going to impact the economic situation. And really, what we wanted to do was kind of drive down the middle of the road, trying to balance those 2 things.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. Just as a quick follow-up. The promo, did that create any pull forward? And just from a usage-based perspective, you said there's no big shift, but that was not factored into the 2014 guidance?
Mark Hawkins: Yes. So Brent, let me talk a little bit about the supplemental upgrade pricing -- simplified upgrade pricing #2. It did have an effect of accelerating revenue into Q4. We talked about it being roughly $24 million out of the first half of FY '14. And so that is an effect that happens, and we planned on that. And it performed pretty much as we planned, a little bit better than we planned, but basically as we anticipated. The thing to keep in mind on that, Brent, is also don't forget our backlog went up $18 million sequentially as well. So when you think about revenue, that's something to kind of consider.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: A couple of questions around licensing and pricing. The early revenues from the promo is not unprecedented. We've seen that many times in the past. But could you talk about how there might be some residual effect from the price increases for not only upgrades, but the price bump for subscriptions coming in March? And also, clarification for you, Carl. You mentioned that ASPs went up, which is, of course, true for Suites versus standalone. But at least in the language of your filings, through the first 3 quarters of fiscal '13, had mentioned that net revenue per new license declined as did maintenance revenues per license did decline through the first 9 months of the year. So if you could clarify what you're seeing in terms of those price changes relative to performance earlier in the year?
Carl Bass: Okay. So let me see if I get -- let me work backwards. I mean, generally speaking, yes, we've seen a move from single products to Suites. Both the suite in a new license and the suite as in part of subscription carry higher ASPs. And that is performing according to plan. When we look forward and we -- when you look at the new year, absolutely, as we talked about, you're going to start feathering in some of the increased subscription prices that are in there. As a matter of fact, when you look at the growth in billings, a portion of that certainly has to do with subscription prices. And then to kind of summarize of that Jay, I'll let Mark try to answer your parsing the fine language in our disclosures. But generally speaking, Suites are doing exactly what we intended. We're giving better value to our customers, they're getting to use more of our software, and we're enjoying higher prices for them.
Mark Hawkins: Yes. And so let me tag team with Carl on this one, Jay, and make sure we hit the mark on the various questions you asked. You talked about -- certainly, we've seen this before on a simplified upgrade pricing. You're exactly right. This is the second leg of what we've done there. We are pleased with the result. And I think in addition to the point that we talked out and called out, in terms of the $24 million impact approximately in Q4, I think you're right in saying that eventually, over longer periods of time, that will have an effect on revenue. And that's all factored and comprehended within the guidance of approximately 6% revenue growth that we've given. So there is residual benefits in the future. I agree with you on that, Jay. So what part of this did we not catch? Carl caught one part of it, I caught the other. Are there other questions remaining?
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: No, you touched on those. Just 2 quick follow-ups. With respect to sales and distribution, you did mention direct sales, but could you be a little bit more specific about how you've expanded your own direct coverage of named accounts and your commitment to invest in consulting services, for example, in connection with driving all the 360 businesses? And lastly, vis-à-vis rentals, you've been running an experiment on 90-day rentals for Max and Maya. When you talk about rentals later in the year, is that across the product line? And will you limit future rentals to 90-day terms or might they go longer?
Carl Bass: Yes. So I mean, a couple of things about the named account. When you really look at how we distribute, it's a continuum. On one end of the spectrum, we have Autodesk employees working with the customer directly in Autodesk fulfilling that business. The broad middle of our business is business that is done through our network of partners, where our partners sell and our partners fulfill. In the middle, there's a handful of ones in which we cooperate closely with our partners to work with medium- to large-sized customers. What I said in the remarks were, one is, we saw a lot of activity in named accounts. By far, that's the biggest quarter ever in terms of that. And that's just a result of more coverage, just having more feet on the street selling directly to customers. But I was especially pleased that many of those very large deals were actually being done in coordination with our partners. I think what we do ourselves is we open up markets and small ecosystems, networks within companies, but it's really nice to see our partners taking place in that. On the second one about rentals, you have -- we've been building the back-office infrastructure to support rentals and shorter-term licensing models. It's one of the things we think is important if you look at our customer base in many industries. It's actually project-based rather than annual or multiyear. People ramp up for a period of time and then they want to ramp down. What we look to do is offer more flexibility to customers. 90 days is something we chose to go out there and pilot. What I'd say is, the results have been very promising. And we will limit ourselves to just those 2 products or to the 90 days. More details to follow as we roll it out during the middle of the year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I was just wondering if you could talk, either Mark or Carl, about how you're thinking about margins? I guess, if we back out the $24 million that you referenced from the promotion in Q4, it looks like you're kind of guiding to normal revenue seasonality in Q1. But the margins do seem to be taking a pretty big dip down in Q1, only to ramp back pretty significantly in the back half of the year. Can you talk to us about what's going on, on the expense line in Q1 and how we should expect that to trend?
Mark Hawkins: Sure, Heather, happy to do so. I think you've got the big picture in terms of the $24 million normalization largely in the first half and certainly impactful in Q1. One of the things we looked at is understanding, putting that aside and also running the business and making sure that we're going to have a good game plan that delivers the approximately 125 to 150 basis points of operating margin for the year. We did talk about the fact that revenue seasonality is going to be slightly different in the first half versus the second half, almost by definition of what we're talking about for Q1. And that would relate slightly to the profitability as well. So we've kept -- I think you can see, Heather. This quarter, we delivered 0% growth year-on-year in Q4 in terms of operating expense. We did 1% in terms of total spend. We got a tight handle on spend. And at the same time, we need to run the business. We need to invest in cloud and things like that, that are going to prepare us, but this is all part of delivering the 125 to 150 margin expansion. Carl?
Carl Bass: We always have certain expenses in Q1. Seasonality is a little bit off this time, not much, but when we looked at it, there were just a bunch of expenses that we noted in Q1, there were onetime things or that are annual recurring onetime things. And when we looked at it, that's just the way the numbers played out. Actually, making any dramatic change, we didn't feel was the right judgment to make at this point. We would have had to go to kind of extraordinary measures to even it out more, and it didn't feel like it was worthwhile. And we have confidence about, as we have shown before, of delivering those margins in the subsequent 3 quarters.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And then if I could just ask a follow-up for the federal business in particular, the U.S. federal business for your current quarter, the April quarter, kind of how are you thinking about -- what are your expectations, given everything that's going on in Washington? Can you give us a sense for what you're expecting for that segment this quarter and kind of what you've seen in the federal vertical thus far?
Carl Bass: Only if you can tell me what you've seen. Yes, I mean, we don't know what the heck to make out of the sequester and how that's -- I mean, I think this is unknown territory for everybody. And we saw nothing extraordinary in Q4. Our federal business was not special. We didn't see a lot of people spending ahead of it. So it seemed kind of normal all the way up to today, it seems kind of normal. But I think we're all in unchartered territory. I think, though, is one of the things that gave us a little pause as we were giving guidance for not only the quarter but for the year is, what effect are these things really going to have. On one hand, you see the sequestration. On the other hand, you see all this movement about infrastructure build and the President being very committed to do that. And so I think they're kind of a wash, and we haven't done a lot of forecasting down to the segment level.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I'm curious in terms of how the guidance for the year -- you commented more back-end loaded. How much of that is macro versus some of the pricing and rental changes that you plan on rolling out?
Mark Hawkins: My view on this one, a couple of things here, Sterling: One is the pricing discussion that we had just earlier with Heather, I think she absolutely nailed it. I think the $24 million, you kind of take that out of the first half. It was accelerated into Q4. We understand that. The good news in Q4 is we build backlog to a degree. I think when you look at the rental, it's not going to have a material impact on our business model for the year. It actually serves a new market opportunity for us. And we'll continue to do that exactly as Carl described and keep reporting out on that. So I think the other thing to keep in mind, the third point, is as you know, the second half of the year is a easier compare for us, compared to Q1 last year was 11% growth year-on-year. The second half is a much easier compare and we'll also have a dynamic. I guess the last point that I would say is, we're pleased with the momentum that we've been gathering within our go-to-market team. And we think we'll be able to harvest even more of the business by the time we get to the second half. So those are the thoughts there, Sterling.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And do you think that the rental is not an impact on the business model because it's rental and not usage-based, and that's why it goes after a different part of the market or maybe put another way, would you anticipate as you evolve to add more usage-based pricing and when would you anticipate maybe kind of following like Adobe and some others where you go to a predominantly subscription or usage-based model?
Carl Bass: Yes. So on the first more immediate concern, I think -- I mean, one of my things about is I think the take-up will just be slow. We've seen that historically. When we make more new offerings, it takes a while for them to gather steam. I don't think this will be any different. Second thing is, I think some fraction of this is actually coming from people who didn't actually pay for our software. There is certainly some legitimate use that's transforming into rental use, but a fair amount of that is, there are illegal ways of having rental models right now. And so I think in some ways -- we're actually tapping into that. People who really do want to pay for it but haven't availed themselves of that opportunity before. Just in general, you will see us -- similar to Adobe and others, when you look not only at our cloud-based offerings, but at our desktop offerings, offering more subscription-based things. We've been building that program for almost 10 years now. It's gotten to be a substantial part of our business. What we laid out last quarter was how we were going to take some of the desktop offerings and combine them with the cloud offerings. But I think over time, it's really fair to say that you'll see a lot more of our stuff coming from term-based [ph] offerings.
Mark Hawkins: I think Carl's point was -- is really helpful to you, Sterling. It took 9 to 10 years to get it to the point where we're at right now. We all saw -- seen 2D to 3D transition and such. The end-user market picks up a little bit slower, but I think it adds a lot of credence to Carl's point.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Steve Ashley.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Great. I'd just like to ask about the domestic commercial construction business. You're probably aware, we've seen some encouraging data points from the ABI data. Just wondering what your take is on the health or probability of a -- seeing a cyclical recovery domestically in commercial construction during calendar '13?
Carl Bass: Yes, Steve. I would say, we're seeing the same thing that you are. Certainly, some of the indicators are up. We're also anecdotally hearing that pipelines are growing. That hiring is starting. So I mean, we're seeing good signs, and I tried to refer to those earlier in my remarks that both in manufacturing and in commercial construction, particularly in the U.S., we're seeing good signs. I don't think we're out of the woods yet. The optimism I hear from our customers is just tempered somewhat by the stupidity I see by our politicians.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Good. And then a couple of quarters ago, you talked about some internal challenges during the sales transition in India, Brazil and Central Europe. Maybe you could update us on where you stand in transitioning some of those folks.
Carl Bass: Yes, yes, so I mean, we're continuing, we have new people in place, they're building out teams. Generally speaking, it takes a couple of quarters for people to get up and ramped up. So I'm happy with the changes we made, happy with the people we have in place. And I expect better performance out of the emerging countries this year.
Mark Hawkins: Just to add to Carl, Central Europe, we had a really solid performance in Central Europe.
Carl Bass: Yes, yes, we had talked about Central Europe. We had talked about China. China had a good quarter. So...
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gregg Moskowitz.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: My questions have been asked.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss.
Melissa Gorham - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: This is Melissa Gorham calling for Keith. My question is around EMA. You saw a nice improvement in growth in the quarter. Just wondering if you could maybe give some more color on how much that was related to the benefit from the promotional activity versus maybe the macro stabilizing versus maybe better adoption of Suites or just any color on what was going on there.
Carl Bass: It's a great question, Melissa. I think the truth is, I don't think we can precisely pinpoint what went on. You've identified a number of the factors. We saw stabilization and improvement from our own execution, both in our organization as well as some of the stuff we've done in emerging countries. We're starting to see improvement in -- some of the secular improvement in end-user markets. The promotion help was offset a little bit by the build in backlog. But we certainly saw willingness of customers when sufficiently motivated to buy more product. So we saw a lot of good signs. It's really difficult to know for certain the contribution from each of those, but those were all positive things we saw during the quarter.
Melissa Gorham - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then just a follow-up on your debt offering. Are there any changes in how you're thinking about capital allocation, particularly around share buybacks? I noticed that the number of shares that were repurchased in the quarter down ticked quarter-on-quarter. So just wondering if we should expect to see that pick up?
Mark Hawkins: Yes.
Carl Bass: Yes, let me just say one thing and then Mark can jump in. We actually have talked about increasing the share buyback, and we talked in great detail a number of times about this. This quarter, our purchases were held down by the fact we were actually doing the debt offering, and so we couldn't be in the market for a long period of time. I expect that will rebound in the subsequent quarters. But there was a onetime thing of actually being in the market with an offering. Mark, you want to...
Mark Hawkins: That's exactly what I would have added, exactly. Well, you can just expect us to continue to over the long term take shares out as communicated.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Walter Pritchard.
Kenneth Wong: This is Ken Wong for Walter. Kind of building on Heather's question, based on the trajectory that you guys are talking about in terms of the margins, do you guys still feel comfortable with the 30% margin target that you guys laid out there for fiscal year '15?
Carl Bass: Yes, a lot depends -- we're kind of 2 years away. We always talked about an exit rate coming out of FY '15. So we look out there and say, we're making good steady progress, particularly pleased with low revenue growth this year that we were able to have such good operating margin expansion. The probability of us exiting FY '15 at 30% goes down unless the macro environment improves. So if we had 2 more years of a lousy economy, I think it's doubtful. To the extent that it doesn't happen, we will still aim for it in FY '16. So it may be slowed down a little bit by the overall macro, but our commitment to expanding margins remains the same. Slightly difficult against the growth that we saw this year.
Kenneth Wong: Of course, of course, that's helpful. And Mark, on the DSOs, looks like they jumped up a lot to 74 days. Can you perhaps elaborate a little bit on that? Is it just the back-end loaded quarter? Or...
Mark Hawkins: Yes. So -- it's a great question there, Ken. Two things, one is, as Carl called out, kind of record deals. Our deals were up -- our big deals were up 25%. They came in at the end of the quarter. And I might add that not only did they come in and we shipped, but we also put a lot in backlog as well, but the ones that came in obviously go right into receivable with no chance to collect yet. So the nonlinearity, the back-end linearity of the timing of the business basically contributed to that. The second thing I would add to that, that also amplified the shift in linearity, had to do with when we did this simplified upgrade pricing promo. Again, by definition, that gets driven toward the end of the quarter. So as that came in, our billings came in late, too. So those 2 effects can amplify the linearity shift. We had a disproportionate amount in the third month of the quarter. I want to call out to you one important point: our receivables look excellent. The timeliness and the currency of the receivables look excellent. This is purely a linearity shift.
Kenneth Wong: So we should expect the DSOs to kind of trend back down over the coming quarters?
Mark Hawkins: You should expect that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Davis.
Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: So like over the -- it looks like over the last 3 quarters, you've made about $260 million, $263 million of acquisitions. So if I kind of do the math, I'm not -- I don't know how much you paid for all these companies, but some of the revenues would fall into last year, but some of it will fall into this year, of the 6% -- 6% to 7% revenue growth, is it -- am I close figuring maybe 1/4, so 2% or 1.5% of that is inorganic, so that the underlying organic growth is, I don't know, 4% or 5% or something like that, is that a logical conclusion?
Carl Bass: No, I would say, Richard, it's closer to 1%. And given the number -- I mean, we -- so as we look at the year, there are a number of shifts going on in the business. Things that are coming out of the business. And on the plus side, I would say it's not even quite 1%. Most of the acquisitions we tend to do are these small tuck-ins. We're more positioning for the future. So when you look at it, for example, one of the acquisitions was the backbone for all of our social stuff. There were a couple of mobile acquisitions. There were a number in simulation that were really technologies. They'll get folded in. That's more typical of the way we do it. As you know, you've been following us, much more so in very few of the cases have we actually bought real revenue streams.
Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Got it. Okay. That makes sense. I just wasn't sure what the ratios were, so that's helpful.
Carl Bass: It's really relatively small and in many cases, it's hard to parse even for us. For example, we make a Simulation 360 offering. It's a combination of stuff that we've acquired over -- acquired and built over a period of years. And truthfully, we don't spend huge amounts of time trying to dissect it because it's a fruitless exercise at some point. We try to look in aggregate at the benefit that we get from the investments in M&A.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Ross MacMillan.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Maybe first one, Mark, just going back to operating expenses. I guess my question is, I hear you on the revenue ramp through the year, but I think the way to model this would imply that there's not a lot of OpEx growth after Q1 as we move subsequently through the year. And I'm just trying to understand on that basis, is there any sort of front-end loading of the OpEx this year beyond normal sort of 1Q seasonal, call it, onetime items? Is there any other aspects to the operating expenses that mean they're higher going into the year?
Mark Hawkins: Not really. I mean, I would say -- I mean -- for the most part, our seasonality is not that terribly different. There's a little bit of a degree, some of the things that Carl touched on, just a few things here and there, but nothing dramatically different.
Carl Bass: No. The only other thing I would do to try to understand this, Ross, is that this year, we're coming off about 2% OpEx growth. So rather than ramping into it, we're kind of fully loaded at the end of the year. And so when you look off that, many years, when you look at the model, we're coming off years in which we've ramped up over time. This one, we only grew operating expenses about 2%. So that lends a different dynamic to the model.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. Two other questions, if I could. Is it possible that you will get to a point where you will -- help us with the aspects of this transition of the model so that we can better gauge if there's any sort of immediate revenue sort of deflationary aspects, either based on usage licenses or more of the cloud offerings? Just trying to understand if there's going to be a point where your business would have otherwise grown faster as a result of some of the transitions, and what you might help us understand the kind of underlying nature of growth to be?
Mark Hawkins: Yes, I think that -- and Vic [ph] may take a shot and Carl might add in here. I think, Ross, from that standpoint, to the extent that things become material other than, for example, there were experiments and pilots and initial very controlled activities going on, when they become material, you'll certainly hear from us well in advance from that standpoint. I think Carl had called out with all the experience that a lot of the offerings that we have take time to build momentum, not because we don't want to sell them, it's because the way the end market actually works, and the way people apply the technology. So that certainly would be something on our mind to be in front of that communication whenever something is material.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay, that's helpful. And then last one, just on the direct business, is that getting to a point where it's now breaking out beyond that sort of normal 15% of annual sales?
Carl Bass: No, it's not really changing substantially. Just because the other part has grown -- I mean, look, it's a little -- it's grown a little bit faster than the rest of the business. And we'll break it down for you further. But we're also working hard as we do that to make sure our partners are involved in many of the large deals. For us, the most important thing is cracking into the very large accounts, where we've always believed our technology was applicable, but we didn't have a way to go to market. That's the most important part of this for us. It's not breaking it down between direct and indirect. It's really just access to customers who we believe are best served by our products and that historically have underutilized our technology. That's the real thing we're trying to accomplish. But we will continue to give you updates on the breakdown between direct and indirect.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan.
Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Carl, your comments about the politicians was very vague and ambiguous. I just wanted to clarify -- I'm just kidding, that's not my real question. My question was, when you look at Adobe and the big model transition that they're embarking on, I just wonder if you guys have thought about that? Would you take steps to accelerate the transition? Obviously, cloud and mobile and recurring revenues are big opportunities for you guys. But why not just bite the bullet and just offer subscriptions on a go-forward basis across the base and do what Adobe did? You get a short amount of pain in a very brief period of time, then your growth rate starts to pick up and you get the advantage of recurring revenues. I'm just wondering what you thought about the pros and cons of making that wholesale approach. And I have one you, Mr. Hawkins.
Carl Bass: Okay. So to your first point, I have 2 teenage sons, and I expect them to act like knuckleheads. I don't expect members of Congress to act like knuckleheads, but they're acting more like my teenage boys than they should. On your second question, Kash, we've looked at Adobe a lot. I'd say, let's just step back a second and kind of see the difference. I think in many ways, us and Adobe are trying to get to the exact same point. There's the short side of the -- so if we're at a rectangle and we're trying to get to the diagonal corner, there's the short side and the long side, and one of us took the short and then the long and vice versa. I think they've done a remarkable job on getting their offerings ready with the Creative Cloud and done a nice job of moving their business model there. We've taken a little bit of the long leg and changed our offerings to be cloud-based. I assume in the end, we will both have term-based business models with cloud-based and mobile-based offerings. I think that's the inevitable end game for all of us. So we've done what I consider to be a really good job in getting our cloud-based offerings out there. They're very successful in the market. What I expect us to do this year is do stuff similar to Adobe in terms of the business model. And you'll see a lot more of that during the year. As we gauge the success in our customer base, which is similar, but certainly not identical to the Adobe customer base. We're in larger companies and larger deployments. We'll see what the take-up is there and we'll react to it. I have not ruled out accelerating that if it made sense. And as Mark previously said, we'll give you guys plenty of warning if we're going to kind of step on the gas around that. We -- like we've done repeatedly, we generally go out and test these things. If you remember, like what we did with Suites, a couple of years ago, we started with a couple of very limited tests. They were limited by product, limited geographically. We're doing the same thing this time, limited terms, limited things. To the extent they're successful, we'll roll them out, and if it makes sense, we'll go full speed ahead.
Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Mark, a question for you. The shippable backlog increased sequentially very nicely. And also, on a year-over-year basis, seems to have come down a little bit. I would have probably expected an upward trajectory on a year-over-year basis, can you talk to the puts and takes of the backlog on a year-over-year basis? And why it's driving [ph].
Mark Hawkins: I think you described it well, Kash. I think it's up $18 million quarter-on-quarter, slightly down year-over-year, $20 million versus $27 million. I think, keep in mind, I think as we modernized our fulfillment and stuff, we expected our backlog would probably operating in a slightly lower zone. One of the dynamics that happened with the major big deals that came in is they came in late, they came in big. And I think that caused our backlog to be bigger than we would have really envisioned it in the current period. And so you should expect that to go down over time, much like we've signaled before. So we're pleased to see it. It was a nice outcome. It was an outcome of a really strong response in our direct business, as Carl talked about, including collaboration with our indirect helping us there and the promos. But you should expect that to be down to more normal levels in kind of the new environment going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Philip Winslow.
Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Carl, I'm just wondering if you could dig in a little bit more on a vertical basis. You've provided some commentary in the U.S. on commercial and construction and on manufacturing. But as you were kind of contemplating your Q1 guidance and then this coming fiscal year, just kind of how you factored in the relative strength and weakness in the various verticals?
Carl Bass: Yes. So let me just break it down both ways. On verticals, we're definitely seeing manufacturing. Manufacturing has rumbled through this recovery. It's been relatively strong all along. Manufacturing continues to do well. We see some variation on a global basis, but not a huge amount of it. Clearly, the construction market went down the most. It was the most volatile. We see improving -- we see signs of improvement around the world in the construction market. Some of it's driven, I think, by improving macroeconomics. Some of it is, as we've diversified our offerings into more parts, we talked about BIM for infrastructure. We talked about more sales into construction rather than just architecture and engineering. That's a secular factor that's adding into this. When you look at it and break it down a little bit geographically, what we continue to see are: Asia was really strong, even if somewhat uneven. It was strong with particular and unexpected strength in places like Japan. When we look at Europe, from north to south, I think this is not different than anyone's seen. Good strength in the north, average performance in Central Europe and it's weak in Europe. And we're not forecasting any difference there. We talked about uneven performance in our emerging economies. And we're looking for improvement in some of the places where we've made changes to effect that, but we're constantly aware that those are -- have greater variance just naturally. And we think the U.S. as everyone has seen, is recovering but slowly. So hopefully, that cross-section helps.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brendan Barnicle.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Carl, what percent of the installed base do you think has moved to Suites? And what percent do you think have upgraded to BIM?
Carl Bass: Those are good questions. I mean, what we reported is 30% of our revenue is coming from Suites. So if you just took -- if you took your question at face value of what -- who's on it and what are they paying for, the answer is 30%. I think that probably overstates the number that have moved because there are people, as always have been, who are a couple of releases behind. We've made it very attractive, so when they do move, they will move to Suites more likely than to individual products, although they have their -- certainly, they have their choice. So I think the 30% probably overstates the movement there. When you get to BIM, really, much harder to tell because in some ways, BIM is both a set of products, but it's also a methodology that these companies use. We certainly have crossed the tipping point in terms of -- I would say on a worldwide basis, there is no reluctance, no resistance to BIM being the new technology for how to drive more efficiency in the building process. It's -- like we've said a couple of times, the concept of BIM has really been extended to more parts of the construction process, including construction itself. So those are all good signs. So I say, while I would have felt we were kind of reaching the majority in architecture and engineering, as the market opens up to construction, we're probably falling back in our penetration because the market has opened up. There are many more opportunities for us to bring BIM into the much bigger part of the market, which is the construction part.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Great. And then Mark, I just wanted to follow-up on margins in the quarter, in the fourth quarter. Were they impacted at all by the simplified pricing and the larger deals at the end of the quarter?
Mark Hawkins: Well, I think a couple of things here from that standpoint, Brendan. The $24 million of revenue that was accelerated in certainly had a favorable effect. Keep in mind, we sequentially build our backlog by $18 million. So most of that went into backlog, if you think about it from that standpoint in terms of a net effect. I think the other thing that we did is, if you look at our total billings growth was 9%. And so that was a good thing. And you can see that as you look at our deferred revenue hit a record $835 million, up 16% year-on-year. One of the effects of that is that we paid for some commissions for some of the stuff that came and that was billed, but that didn't show up in revenue yet. So I think those were some of the effects that impacted it.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Hedberg.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: It sounded like in the quarter, you had good strong results from China, made some leadership changes in Brazil and India. I guess I'm wondering, from a 4-year perspective in your guide, are you sort of assuming more of the same there? Maybe a rebound in the back half of the year from some of the leadership changes, but a good strong year from China?
Carl Bass: Yes, I mean, we're really assuming kind of business slightly improving to the extent that Brazil, India, Russia outperformed. That would be upside to what we're forecasting right now. We tend not to want to get too far in front of ourselves and assuming that changes we made will pay off until we've actually seen them. We're certainly confident in making those decisions, but we don't go so far as to forecast improvements that we haven't seen evidence of yet.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Great. And then one point of clarification for you, Mark. In terms of the $24 million promotional rev, how much of that was actually in guidance?
Mark Hawkins: Most of that was in guidance, Matt. It was the vast majority of it. It was a little bit of the upside delighted us. It came in a little bit stronger, but the vast preponderance of that was within guidance. It's just nice to see the execution and people responding to the value.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Koenig.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: If I may, I'd like to ask just one sort of tactical question and then just follow-up with one strategic sort of question. On the tactical side, you all haven't talked much about, in this call, about kind of having put the problems created by the sales reorg in Q1 and then your channel policies Q1 a year ago behind you. The results speak to the idea that you have. But I wanted to offer you guys a chance to comment on that. And specifically, I was curious, where do you feel about your progress in rebuilding your pipeline that had become somewhat hollowed out because of those changes? How do they look to you now? And related to that as well, I'd ask, how are you doing in terms of getting your AEC resellers and your Manufacturing resellers to work together and bringing in the best person to sell a deal instead of competing with one another? So just any thoughts there and then I have one quick follow-up.
Carl Bass: Yes. So I would say, we're certainly feeling like we've seen improvement. If the worst of it was in Q2, we saw steady improvement. As we look at the planning and forecasting for next year, that's getting sales quotas and compensation in place for our sales force, we're in a much stronger place than we've ever been. We've also worked really closely with our resellers to modify some of the things that upset them and -- or better explain the things that may have upset them, but we still think were the right things. So we've worked closely with them to make sure that we're better aligned. So I feel better -- I feel much better about our relationship with our resellers heading in. And I have substantial evidence on the inside that things are much better in place than they were last year. There are a lot of moving pieces at this time last year. And this year, I feel like it's much more nailed down.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay. So you feel like those issues are pretty much behind you now?
Carl Bass: I sure hope so.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay, all right. I think we all do so. Okay. And then my follow-up question, a little bit more on the strategy side. You have gotten a bunch of questions on this call on the move to more subscription-based or rental-based offerings. And you've been pretty clear that you don't expect much, if any, near-term revenue from that. What I'm curious about is, as you make more progress in that product transition and ultimately a business model transition potentially, how much can subscriptions get to in the mix? And kind of the other part of the question is, what are the implications for your channel in this shift?
Carl Bass: Yes. So I would say 2 things about that: The first one is, I mean, in the limit, we can get pretty close to subscriptions being the vast majority of our business. And I'm using the word subscriptions here really in 2 senses: Subscription as we know it today, plus the subscription for term-based offerings. So if you think forward or us we talked about with what Adobe is doing in calling subscription, if you think of that, the majority of our business could -- the vast majority will come from subscriptions. I think that's the nature of where the business is going. What we've tempered it with hopefully all afternoon is saying, we don't expect this to happen too suddenly. To the extent that our customers respond well to this, we may try to accelerate that transition. But we see that as the direction we're headed is in terms of long term subscription relationship, so a long-term relationship with our customers that has all of those characteristics.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: And Carl, what -- can you just comment on the -- what are the implications for your channel in this transition?
Carl Bass: Yes, I continue to believe that there are 2 transitions going on: One is the way that people pay for it, and the second is the way the software is delivered. In both of those, I continue to believe that the channel plays an important and vital role going forward. I know there's a lot been written and speculated about this. But if you look out there, in companies that have subscription-based, cloud-based business models, what I see increasingly is greater reliance on a third-party channel. Even ones who started out all direct are recognizing that the benefits of the channel in terms of reach and service are the same, whether you deliver the software by a box or by the Internet. It really makes very little difference. And so I can -- and our resellers get paid on subscription as they do on new licenses. So I continue imagining a world in which resellers play an important role. The only thing that -- like we've said, we're going to continue investing in our direct accounts as long as it continues to make sense and opens up new business for both us and our partners.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Blair Abernethy.
Blair H. Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Carl, I just wonder if you could give us a little bit more color on the take-up of the hosted PLM service and maybe a little more background on sort of the size of customer accounts or any industries that maybe you're getting more strength in than others?
Carl Bass: Yes. So we've gotten remarkable progress. Remember, we launched this on February 29. So we're not even 1 year into this. And what we've seen is a fantastic reception by customers. As I've said before, quite publicly, I think some of it is the result of a really quality product offering from us. Some of it is a result of some really terrible product offerings by the legacy providers. Behind the firewall, old iron, multi-tens of millions implementations really are dinosaurs and people are recognizing that. When we've looked, what we've seen is -- a couple -- less particular industries and more some characteristics. And the 2 characteristics I see most commonly, people who are in fast-moving industries, where there's a premium on getting product to market and where we've been brought in is to accelerate processes that they see as impediments to getting high quality product to market more quickly. That seems to be the defining characteristic. We've seen a good cross-section from small to large, although I'd say in small companies, we tend to be used as the only PLM system in which they look and they say, "We always wanted PLM, but we couldn't afford it. We know we needed it and we're brought in there." In large companies, it's more often to fill in the gaps into places where companies have chosen or cannot afford to take their old monolithic system or the process is so dynamic and they want to get moving quickly on it. So in those cases, we're more a supplement. The replacements of existing PLM systems have mostly happened in the small to medium ones. So a lot of places, we're sitting alongside existing PLM systems. In other ones, we're clearly seat for seat replacing them. We'll give you more as we update this. We said we have about 10,000 seats out there. But many of these are pilots. They've already expanded once or twice, but they are nowhere near what I think the eventual size of the implementations will be. Hopefully, that gives you some more color on it.
Blair H. Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Yes, that's great. If I could just follow up, Ross' question on the direct sales reps. What's the capacity looking like there in terms of feet on the street that you have today at the end of fiscal '13? And what are your plans? Are you adding bodies this year?
Carl Bass: Yes, we will be adding bodies this year. I would say in a targeted way. And the 2 places where we're really interesting, there are specific countries where we feel like the model has proven itself quite well, and it's proved itself not to be cannibalistic relative to our other business. So there were certain countries in the world where we're definitely light in terms of the new number of direct salespeople. And there are a number of places, particularly in selling into construction, the PLM business, we just talked about the simulation business where I think we need more direct sales there, too. So those are the kind of places. I don't think we'll try to upset the applecart in terms of the other places, where our business is doing well and rebounding, and I don't want to interject more disruption there. But in a number of those very specific places, I think it could really help. And we could see a substantial increase in the number of feet on the street.
Operator: Your next question comes from line of Dan Cummins.
Daniel T. Cummins - B. Riley & Co., LLC, Research Division: Can you tell me -- tell us how much visibility you guys have into use cases with respect to specific Revit deployments regarding, let's say, a building start versus a retrofit or a rehab? And a follow-on to that is, do you think that your partnering or your M&A strategy or your government relationships affect your ability to tap faster or more broadly into green retrofit? How big an opportunity is green retrofit for Autodesk in the next couple of years?
Carl Bass: Yes. So it's very hard to tell from Revit deployments per se because Revit is a desktop piece of software. So we don't always know what it's used for. From some of our other offerings, like our BIM 360 offering, the online project collaboration, we know a little bit more and certainly from our large customers, we know more about what the usage of it is. I think with -- during the downturn, there was a fair amount of refurbishment and renovation. What's going to happen in the next couple of years is mandates around sustainable building. We've seen stuff starting with the GSA in the United States. On a worldwide basis, governments are adopting new standards that we think are really important. So first, it was just the adoption of BIM as a better technology for governments to get more for their money. Secondly, we're starting to see specific mandates around building performance. I think both of those things will drive it. Some of them are a little bit far out when they first initiated or legislated. They gave people like time to 2016 or 2020. But those aren't so far out anymore. And I think we'll see a pretty good business. We've done a number of things in our product development process to accommodate doing much more for refurbishment and renovation. And we've done a fair amount in terms of building performance in energy analysis for our building professionals. So I think it'll be a good thing. I'm not sure it'll will be dramatically different this year than next year. But if you look over a few number of years, I think it will.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. David Gennarelli. Please continue with your presentation or closing remarks.
David Gennarelli: That concludes our conference call today. Upcoming events, we will be at the Morgan Stanley conference this Wednesday, and we'll also be at the Wedbush Morgan conference next week on March 6. And if you have any questions in the meantime, you can reach me at (415) 507-6033. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q3  (2012-11-15 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Gennarelli Carl Bass - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Mark Hawkins - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Lory, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Autodesk Third Quarter Fiscal 2013 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] After the speakers' remarks, there will be a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] I would like to now turn the call over to our host, the Director of Investor Relations, Dave Generali.
David Gennarelli: Thanks, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our third quarter fiscal 2013. Joining me today is Carl Bass, our Chief Executive Officer; and Mark Hawkins, our Chief Financial Officer. Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investors. As noted in our press release, we have published our prepared remarks on our website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments and will not be reviewed on this call. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and future performance of the company, such as our guidance for the fourth quarter and full year 2013, long-term financial model guidance, the factors we use to estimate our guidance, new products and suite releases and expected growth rates, expected cost savings from our restructuring and other cost management efforts, hiring plans, business execution, certain future strategic transactions, business prospects and financial results, our market opportunities and strategies, including our transition to cloud and mobile computing, trends in sales initiatives for our products and trends in various geographies and industries. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us, and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time to time with the SEC, specifically our Form 10-K for fiscal year 2012 and Forms 10-Q for the period ended April 30 and July 31, 2012 and our current reports on Form 8-K, including the 8-K filed with today's press release and prepared remarks. Those documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today's call, but we'll not provide any further guidance or update on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of the GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today's press release, prepared remarks and on our Investor Relations section of our website. We will quote a number of numeric or growth changes as we discuss our financial performance, and unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Carl.
Carl Bass: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. Our overall revenue results were disappointing. Revenue was lower than expected and stemmed from a weakening demand environment. The positive news is that our ongoing cost control helped us exceed our EPS goal. It was clear to us that our second quarter's revenue performance was mostly due to our own execution challenges, with the uneven global economy as a secondary factor. It was almost the inverse during the third quarter with a weakening economy taking the lead. Our sales execution improved relative to the organizational realignment we implemented earlier this year. There's still some work to do in this area, but we've made a lot of progress with the new organizational structure. When looking at our revenue results for the quarter, recall that we had a onetime $10 million license compliance transaction in Japan in the third quarter last year. So normalizing for that, Asia Pacific would have been up slightly, and we would also be showing better results in our PSEB and flagship categories. Superstorm Sandy hitting the Northeast U.S. in the final days of our quarter also had a negative impact on our third quarter revenue results. While we experienced pockets of relative strength in the U.S., Northern Europe and Russia, most of the markets around the world slowed during the quarter, most notably in emerging markets. We remain pleased with the overall progress and adoption of suites. Customers are seeing the value and the rich array of design features and improved workflow, and we continue to benefit from higher subscription attach and overall revenue per user. Our AEC suites performed particularly well this quarter, with strong growth in our Building Design Suite, Infrastructure Design Suite and Plant Design Suite. Looking longer-term, I'm extremely pleased with our customers' early adoption of our cloud technologies. Autodesk is the leader in cloud-based design and engineering software, and our customers are tapping into the power of the cloud to do things they couldn't do previously. Autodesk customers have used our cloud platform, Autodesk 360, to perform nearly 1 million visualization jobs over the last year, which amounted to more than 3.5 million hours of rendering. In addition, in October, AutoCAD WS, which is a mobile version of our flagship software, surpassed 10 million downloads. Our BIM 360 cloud platform has seen strong adoption since its launch in June, with more than 21,000 users leveraging BIM 360 services. We're adding more new users of BIM 360 field every day, and our customers are very excited about this offering. Autodesk Simulation 360, which debuted in September, is a powerful cloud-based simulation solution and has been recognized by industry analysts as changing the simulation market. Customers are responding positively to the productivity gains and cost savings offered by Simulation 360. In its first month, the Autodesk Simulation 360 trial registered more than 10,000 simulation jobs. We're especially pleased with the first couple of quarters of Autodesk PLM 360, the industry's first cloud-based PLM solution. Autodesk is transforming the PLM industry with an affordable, easy-to-use and simple-to-deploy PLM solution that makes the benefits of PLM available to anyone, anytime, anywhere. Autodesk PLM 360 is now being used by more than 350 companies. Our acquisition strategy is also centered on adding cloud and mobile technologies to our portfolio. During the quarter, we closed 6 transactions for a cumulative investment of $135 million. These transactions include context social collaboration technology which we will use with Autodesk 360, and Inforbix, which is focused on SaaS solutions for PLM. We continue to repurchase stock under our ongoing buyback program, with the goal of reducing our total shares outstanding over time. We have strong cash flow from operations for the quarter. Our cash and marketable securities balance was approximately $1.7 billion. Like many tech companies, the vast majority of this cash is offshore. Over the past few years, it's been typical for 80% or more of our cash balance to be offshore in any given quarter. Given the amount of cash used on M&A transactions closing this quarter, coupled with the cash used for our stock buyback program, we elected to utilize our existing line of credit, tapping $110 million. Looking forward, we believe that the long-term potential of our market opportunity remains intact. We are focused on growth and demand generation, but today's mixed economic environment keeps us cautious on our near-term outlook and makes it difficult to provide long-term revenue projections at this time. It's clear by our actions that we remain committed to operating margin expansion. Despite a lower revenue outlook, we believe we can still achieve year-over-year operating margin expansion of between 80 basis points and 140 basis points for fiscal 2013. We'll come back to you on our next earning call in February with our projection for FY '14. We were also reassessing our long-term financial model but believe we can achieve a 30-plus percent run rate as we exit fiscal 2015. Operator, let's open the call up for questions.
Operator: Your first question will come from line of Brent Thill.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Maybe if you just can compare and contrast the last downturn to what you're seeing now. You mentioned most markets are starting to slow. Maybe if you could just talk to some of the differences that you're seeing. And if you could just also comment on what you're seeing in terms of the renewals, that would be helpful.
Carl Bass: Yes, sure, Brent. I'd characterize this very differently than 2008. My characterization would be that not nearly as deep, not seeing kind of the level of despair almost or kind of hopelessness that we saw during 2008 and the complete freezing of pocketbooks. Instead, it looks like people are being far more cautious, deals are getting delayed but they're not getting canceled. And I would say it's broader. So I don't think it's nearly as deep but broader. I think from the first time, what we started to see is, while our results in the Americas were reasonably good or relatively good to the other places, it's no secret about businesses' consternation about the fiscal cliff. You saw the news, obviously, about Europe this morning, and we're certainly seeing slowing in Europe. With Southern Europe certainly being the worst, and as you move north, the economic condition is improving. And there is some spillover into Asia and some of the emerging economies. So I think it's broader but not as deep as what we saw in 2008.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And just on the renewals, any meaningful change?
Mark Hawkins: No, actually, just kind of building on Carl's points, the renewals and attach actually were either even or up basically in terms of year-on-year comparison. They look solid, and that's one of the things that really reinforces Carl's point, that we're just seeing more caution around business and deals and such. But actually, once people decide to buy, it's a good attribute that they see a lot of value in our subscription, and we like that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Carl, you alluded in the end of your prepared remarks to reconsidering your long-term financial model. By that, did you mean what you talked about at the analyst meeting in June about an evolution to a mostly per user subscription model and usage metering or usage-based model? And if that's what you meant, why not accelerate that process, particularly given current market condition and the change of your portfolio? Then a follow-up.
Carl Bass: Yes, no. So Jay, what I was really talking about there -- I mean, you can follow up, you can ask about the other thing, but the thing I was really talking about is kind of a long-term guidance that we've given for 10%, 12% to 14% growth and 30-plus percent operating margin. I think it's clear to us. I don't think the arithmetic works given at least 1 downturn and 1 maybe minor downturn in 5 years to achieve that. I think what we've demonstrated is, during kind of normal economic periods, we can certainly grow in the teens. What I think we've demonstrated better over the last 2 quarters then during 2008 is a degree of resiliency around our earnings power, and I think we managed to do that. So what we have to really recalibrate, I think if you look now for the period in which we gave the 12% to 14% growth, we'd have to grow it 30% or 40% next year to kind of get there. It's something that's not reasonable. So what we were asking, give us some time, we're going to recalibrate, we'll watch as the fourth quarter proceeds. And then I think the thing is, we'll give you growth rates for the year. We'll give you growth rates for next year, but despite that, we still think we can maintain our projections around operating margin.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. You said as well that you're getting past some of the sales execution issues from the reorg that you had experienced in the second quarter, that got better in the third. Could you talk about other longer-term implications of the industry alignment that you've now put in place? For instance, what it means ultimately not just for sales coverage but for things like the suites, packaging of products, overall coverage of the marketplace as you build out this industry alignment. And just a clarification from Mark, in the prepared remarks, you talked about increasing revenues per user, I think, in the context of maintenance. So did you mean by that, that you're reversing the declining revenues per maintenance seat that you had in the first half?
Carl Bass: Just let me go first and then Mark. Okay. So on the -- just on the industry alignment, what I think industry alignment is really helping us with is our go-to-market activities. Where I think it really helps particularly well is in tailoring messages that make sense and resonate with our customers. It's also very good on kind of 2 parts of our business. One is certainly the major accounts, and you've seen increasingly large deals not only this year but over the last couple of years and greater penetration into really large accounts. If you really recall back to the many times we've shown our curvaceous pyramid where little less than 1% of our customers generate about 30% of our revenue, we're continuing to do that. So it works really well for the major accounts and that business that we do directly, as well as the ones where we work with our partners on specific named accounts. That's where it really has the strongest resonance. As you get into our more horizontal products, it's less effective. So we feel really good about that alignment in terms of tailoring the messaging and the coverage models and understanding what we need for each of the geographies. And I think this is natural course correction. I think we'll continue to course correct. I think we found in some places where we made some mistakes or we went a step too far, and we're figuring those things out and rejiggering it. And we saw that already with improved performance in some places. In other places, some things take longer than a quarter to get better.
Mark Hawkins: And Jay, just to the second point. In terms of maintenance per seat, basically, one of the things that we're actually pleased to see, we saw it and talked about it at the IR day and we continue to see that and validate that, is that for suites, the actual subscription quotient per seat is actually going up. And so we actually like that trend and macro there. So I think one of the things that we have to be careful of when we look at the seats is excluding education from commercial, which can kind of throw these things a little bit. The other point that I would throw out for consideration is that Q3 marks -- we just eclipsed the anniversary for suites. We're in, I guess, the second quarter of anniversary-ing the suites, and you're starting to see this longer-term effect of people renewing suites at a slightly higher revenue quotient for the subscription. So we actually like that trend.
Operator: And your next question comes from Brendan Barnicle.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Focusing on 2 areas of strength. But the AEC strength and the suite strength seems surprising given the overall macro. What, specifically, you think was accounting for that outlier?
Carl Bass: I'm chuckling, Brendan. In some ways, I'm more prepared to talk about the things that went badly than the things that went well. I mean, truthfully, that surprised us a little bit, too. If I have to look at the AEC, there has been some improvement in the AEC markets from kind of the depths of the recession. We also talked about things like BIM are reaching the tipping point. And with the place we're doing particularly well with our AEC products is in the engineering part, the E part, and in the C part in construction. And I'd emphasize the construction part. And I think what we saw is that contractors realize that in order to be competitive coming out of the downturn, they need to adopt these new technology platforms. Some of the stuff we're doing, particularly on cloud and mobile, is probably the best suited technology for that part of the AEC market than we've had in 30 years. For the first time, we have solutions that people can take to the field and get their work done, and that makes a huge difference. And so I think it's really the retooling of the construction industry that as long as they're willing to invest, they recognize this is as a -- this is just a critical thing.
Mark Hawkins: Yes. I totally agree, Carl. And I think the -- one of the things was just the resounding response to the Building Design Suites, a nice -- really nice -- I think it was at 26% growth there. It was great to see, and it just echoes the kind of comments you're making. People see the...
Carl Bass: Yes, I mean, we're tracking it across the world. And there are places where it has become the standard. Governments across the world are mandating it. If governments are not mandating it, owners and operators are. So we're at that point in the market where it takes many years to kind of build that demand, but I feel like we're on the backside of having to build the demand. And we're kind of -- we're just kind of reaping the benefits of all that effort.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: And then, Mark, on the negative interest income in the quarter, was that related to the line of credit that you mentioned that you used for the stock buyback in the quarter?
Mark Hawkins: Actually, the -- Brendan, that's a good question. There's -- the other expense, other income is a combination of dynamics. The biggest thing that really affected us there was foreign exchange. The gains and losses for the part of the hedging that is not cash flow hedging shows up there. And that's what it was, is FX fluctuation.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: And should we expect that going forward?
Mark Hawkins: I would, actually, because it's really hard to kind of predict the currency markets. I mean, you'd have to make a call on that, but I think it's tough to expect that one, I would say. It's tough to project that one, let's put it that way.
Operator: Your next question comes from Philip Winslow.
Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Just got a question here on margins. Obviously, you have better-than-expected margin this quarter, but in the guidance, you talked about sort of almost the count of -- like regardless of the revenue growth over the next couple of years here through 2015, you're still committing to a 30%-plus margin exiting fiscal '13. How should we think about that getting there? I mean, how much of your business, because I often think it was somewhat fixed versus variable. So is that wrong versus what I expect? And then also, is there just some excess spending that you think that's going on that you could target further from here? So let's say if revenue doesn't -- isn't worse than what you might be expecting versus your previous long-term growth rates, does that mean we could actually get above 30%?
Carl Bass: Yes. So let me -- I'll take a shot, and then, Mark, feel free to add any colored commentary. What I would say is that the way to think about our business is that there is a strong component of fixed costs, that when you look particularly on the R&D and go-to-market, at least the marketing side of go-to-market, those are relatively fixed. Once we get above that, when we get marginally about it, it becomes marginally profitable. If we kind of hit it out of the park, it gets very profitable. So I don't think it's fair to think of it as purely fixed or purely variable. Once you get past that initial development and bringing products to market, and as we even talked about, if the areas where we're really successful like BIM, it takes years to become that successful. When we first mentioned those 3 letters, nobody even knew how to spell it. They have no idea what we were talking about when we talked about BIM. And now you see it being written into government contracts around the world. So there's a fair degree of investment. When you cross that, you start gaining the rewards from it. Then there is a second component to our business where many of the costs are variable. So some of the fluctuation you see quarter-to-quarter are more related to things like compensation. So sales compensation varies with it. COGS varies. COGS didn't vary that much this quarter, but it was actually the result of 3 or 4 different effects being mashed together in a way that showed no net movement. But there is actually quite a bunch of movement there. So there are variable aspects to our business that are volume-related, but there is a large fixed component. And then the other part we talked about, just to try to give you the whole dynamics around the business, is that in any short period of time, our biggest expenses are people-related. So our ability to change that in the short-term is very limited. But over any period of time, we can adjust to that. I think on your question about 30%, we're comfortable. We're comfortable with the guidance we've given for a number of years, and we're comfortable with it going forward. And that's why we really reiterated it.
Mark Hawkins: Yes. I just -- I think it's spot on. I think we're -- there's not a lot to add to that, Carl. I think that gives a full picture, really.
Operator: And your next question comes from the line of Steve Ashley.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Carl, you alluded to the fact that execution got a little bit better. I wonder if you could specifically speak to Central Europe and Brazil, which were 2 markets that were challenged in the second quarter.
Carl Bass: Yes. So I would say we saw a reasonable improvement in Central Europe. Central Europe is one of our biggest markets. I was really pleased to see that. Brazil started to turn around. I think it's one of the areas we still have work to do. Some of the things we saw, we have a number of big deals that pushed out of the quarter in Brazil. I just heard today that 1 closed yesterday, another one is being worked. So, I mean, we're making our way through that, but I would say Central Europe is really back on track. I think there's more work to do in the Americas outside the United States.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And then I would just like to ask about the share buyback. You spent, I think it was $130 million, and you put $110 million of line of credit on your balance sheet. What is your just appetite and willingness to continue to add debt to your balance sheet to more aggressively be buying your stock in the future?
Mark Hawkins: So Steve, I think we're constantly looking at our capital structure, and we're constantly trying to look at the overall opportunity with share buyback, obviously, and trying to do the right thing for the shareholder long-term. So I think it's a given that we're going to take whatever actions we think are in the best interest of the shareholder. You're absolutely factually correct in that we have raised the level of share buyback as we said we would do at the IR day. We're starting to take shares out, as you can see, for the last couple of quarters since we said we would. And I think I'm not going to extrapolate or forecast exactly how we're going to shape the capital structure. But I think there's a reason to believe that we're constantly looking at it, and we've never ruled out the notion of taking on debt, for example.
Carl Bass: Yes. I mean, I would just reiterate. I mean, we were very clear that we said we would do share buybacks that exceeded dilution. We specifically did it. We've been doing that since we announced it to you. And I would reiterate, we have been considering our capital structure, and we certainly have been contemplating things like that to continue, being able to maintain that level of buyback that we'll continue to offset dilution from employee stock programs.
Mark Hawkins: Absolutely.
Carl Bass: The other part of it really to remember, we try to address a little bit, certainly in my remarks, is if you look at our cash positions and how geographically kind of off-balance they are, it's one of the things that also drives us. So not only the need to do buybacks, our need for cash for acquisitions, but also just rejiggering geographically to get money in the places where we actually need it. All of those are conspiring for us to be spending a lot of time looking at capital structure options.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Koenig.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: I want to see, Carl, if -- can you comment at all on the potential impact of promotional activity in Q4? And, in particular, any thoughts on your upgrade pricing going forward and the potential for increasing that, and that potentially having a positive impact on promotional activity?
Carl Bass: Yes, I mean, we have definitely -- I mean, first of all, we're not happy with Q2 or Q3 results. So you can imagine we spent a lot of time trying to figure out what to do. We are willing and able to do more promotional activity in Q4 as long as it's consistent with the long-term health of the business. And we've looked at it. There are certainly things that we're going to do, there are things that we've already announced, programs we put in place in the channel. We're taking a more centralized hand in running promotions probably than we have before. It used to be a little bit more left to the various geographical areas, the sales regions to do it. And we've been much more centralized in our control over that. But it is certainly one of the knobs and dials that we can turn.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: And, Carl, how would you mitigate any impact on pulling forward revenue from tapping your base in a bigger way than you've tapped in the past?
Carl Bass: Yes. So, I mean, that's what I said. I mean, everything we do around promotional activity is contemplated in the context of a longer term. So if you look historically, we haven't run stupid promotions. We give promotions. We adjust to competitive activity around the world. We react to pricing changes due to currency fluctuations. We also sometimes can stimulate demand by upcoming pricing changes or we can include more things in a particular offering. So we try to do things that are really consistent with the long-term health and the direction we want our customers to move as opposed to taking turns. And as I said before, our business is primarily a channel business. It requires the coordination of us with thousands of partners, and in order to do that, we need a steady hand on the rudder. It's not a business where we -- it's not let's make a deal, and we get up one morning and do something kind of radical. It requires us kind of a steady hand and consistent communication about what we're trying to do in order for these things even to be effective.
Steven R. Koenig - Wedbush Securities Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And then one more question, if I can, for, really, either Carl or Mark. I'm wondering if you can talk a little bit more than you did in the prepared remarks about linearity in the quarter. Your comment on DSO sounded like you may have seen a bit of an uptick in October. Can you tell us more about that?
Mark Hawkins: Sure, yes. I think one of the things that we saw in the linearity for the quarter is it got more difficult as time went on. And so it was one of the -- more of a gradual stiffening of the headwinds, if you will. And so that's one of the dynamics that was signaling to us that something broader was happening. And so that would be one of the things, Steve, that I would say. And then in terms of DSO, I was actually pleased to see the sequential improvement in the DSO, and you could see us bringing it into the -- in the 40s range, 49-ish. And so from that standpoint, I think we've made improvement. There's still more improvement to make. Obviously, in the cash conversion cycle, we try to run it tight. But as you could see with this quarter, the cash flow from operations was solid. So I think that's -- those are the 2 dynamics that were going on, Steve.
Operator: And your next question comes from Keith Weiss.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wanted to ask Mark a question about expenses. Second quarter in a row, you did a remarkably good job at sustaining margins, with revenues coming in below your expectations. I was wondering if you could help us figure out really 2 things: one, place the reduction in expenses that we saw this quarter in context to the restructuring that you talked about last quarter; and two, give us a sense of kind of how much dry powder do you have left there. How -- is there still sort of more expenses that you can take out to the same degree if macro gets worse, per se?
Mark Hawkins: Well, Keith, a couple things here. One is that I really credit our whole company. I think people really instill a really sensible way to spend money. I think people, our whole Autodesk team, has done a good job, and I think you're seeing that in the numbers today. And people really get it. They spend it like it's their own money. That's one of the things I love about our culture. In terms of the restructuring, you're absolutely right. We created some room, if you will, to invest in really critical things like cloud social mobile. And I think what's interesting is, as Carl opened up today, you saw with context on the social. We did some mobile video. We did Inforbix. We're doing things that, actually, we're investing, just like we said we would. And at the same time, we're trying to scale everywhere we can. And so I think what you're -- just to give you context, a, I think people have a good sense of spend management; b, we're investing where we said we would; c, we still have had some headroom, and we obviously manage on the fly to be responsible. We're very committed, as Carl said, to the margin. We've been -- we've come up from the trough. Just to be clear, this quarter is over 1,300 basis points up from the trough in the cycle. We're -- hopefully, that's evidence over multi-years that we're serious about this, and we've made progress. In terms of the dry powder, I hope I never tell you a day where there's not room for improvement. We certainly expect that from ourselves. We're always looking for ways to scale. And at the same time, Keith, we know how important it is to invest in our long-term future, so we make those balances. So those will be my comments. I think there's room for the long-term. Carl, I don't know if you'd add something there.
Carl Bass: Yes, I mean -- first of all, I would second what Mark said. I mean, this was a team effort. Everybody understood the need to do it. And what I feel most pleased about is we were able to control spending without any -- without really impacting anything for the future. People were able to continue to invest and move their initiatives forward regardless of where they worked in the company. And I think that is a testament to really everybody at Autodesk. The second thing I'd say, well, it's not necessarily a muscle I was looking to develop. We have developed a pretty good muscle at looking for the opportunities on spend management, and we have done a really good job at finding things. And going forward, I'd say I think there's plenty of opportunity. There's -- Mark has championed an effort within the company for doing that, and there are things in place for next year. And to Mark's point, I think many of the things that we're doing to improve our expense management is going to be done regardless of what the revenue environment is. So regardless of the demand, we have a number of things there, and we will either take them or drop them to the bottom line or invest as appropriate. But we feel there's a lot of areas of opportunity to continue to improve how we spend our money.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. And just to clarify. I think last quarter, we were talking about reducing heads by about 500 and potentially hiring back 250. To what degree was that executed on this quarter? Do we go down 500 and hire back some or all that 250?
Mark Hawkins: Well, we don't give our headcount by quarter. We do it annually. But let me directionally address that, Keith. We did go down by a little more than 500. You got that accurately corrected. And we have done some hiring that tipped up the number up from that decrease of 500. So we're somewhere in the middle there. I don't want to get more precise on that because we're not trying to establish quarterly headcount reporting. But the reality is, we're pretty much executing what we said we would execute.
Carl Bass: Yes. And the other thing is, just to put a finer point on it, I mean, one of the things that companies do, I think, during periods in which they're being super vigilant about their expense management is there are things that you move inside and outside the company. You go to outside providers and you use less of it or more of it. So remember those things. So while headcount is a good indication, there are also a lot of other things that you really need to get a complete picture. And so in some ways, the best thing to do is just to look at the overall number, because there are a fair number of moving pieces that underlie those results.
Operator: And your next question comes from Walter Pritchard.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Mark, I think 2 questions for you here. First, on the -- I think you said 30% -- or a goal of 30% -- believe you can get the 30% margin by fiscal '15. Which is more than 200 basis points a year and it's more aggressive than you committed to when you had higher revenue growth. Which I would assume higher revenue growth make it easier to do the margin. I'm just wondering how we should think about the path to get to that kind of margin expansion in what seems here to be kind of a new normal that probably has a lower growth rate than you were thinking about when you came out of the last downturn?
Mark Hawkins: Sure. A couple things, Walter. One of the things we try to be really explicit on is that we -- you're absolutely right. The revenue growth is mitigating the ability to go even faster with our revenue -- or our operating margin expansion as you would expect. And at the same time, what we said is that we're reiterating 30% as the exit rate. So in Q4 of '15, that's what we're driving to as is called out. So that is a little different than saying for the entire FY '15 that we're at 30% plus, and we try to be very explicit on that. And so that takes a little bit -- gives us a little bit of additional runway in the face of a little bit stiffening in the environment in terms of revenue growth opportunity. So that's the first point, I think, is really important to clarify, Walter. I think the second thing is, as Carl was calling out and I'm touching on, we have a number of initiatives to just drive and scale the company that are just good things. And I really like what Carl said. We'll do those if, for whatever reason, the economy got on fire hot, we still want to do these things to help ourself fully create the fuel that we can for the company's long-term well-being. So I'm not going to articulate all the different pathway, which you can imagine, we've been thinking about it, and you can see the real progress we've made. So we're not going to say it's not hard work, Walter. We're not going to say that there could be challenges and such, but we try to be clear that we're not wavering from the intention to keep driving this thing up. Carl, any...
Carl Bass: No.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And then -- great. And then, Mark, I think just another question for you. On the upgrade revenue stream, there's been some talk of promotions and so forth there, and you've typically had quite a strong -- even though upgrade is becoming a smaller part of your business, it's declining pretty meaningfully year-over-year. I'm wondering if we should expect that the upgrade and cross-grade stream within Q4 here shows a typical sequential increase that we've been accustomed to seeing with that business.
Mark Hawkins: Well, I think the tricky thing about that one, Walter, is that we don't kind of pre-signal like our promotional plans. And you're hitting a really good question, which is cross-grade upgrades are a function of promotional plans. So that one, I wouldn't want to guide to specifically. You can -- I'm sure you can appreciate why we wouldn't want to do that right now. But I would say, here's what I would tell you, is that we certainly wouldn't take appropriate promotional plans off the table for driving the well-being of the business. So Carl, I don't know if you have any other comments.
Carl Bass: I agree.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question will come from the line of Sterling Auty.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Carl, I wondered if you could give us a little bit more detail about, you said some improvement in Central Europe. I think there was some questions over the structure of the Product Design Suite in this iteration. How did resellers react this quarter, and what else helped drive that improvement?
Carl Bass: Yes, so -- your recall is perfect, Sterling. We spent a bunch of time working with reseller, with our partners in Central Europe just cooperating on account management and interacting with customers. We've done a number of things to work on the offerings, particularly around Product Design Suite for both fourth quarter and what's coming next year. And like I said at the time, our partners realize that they can do well in the short-term by just driving subscription and services. But over any medium period of time, new license growth is actually as important to them as it is to us. And so I think they felt like they weren't being heard about the changes. And remember, there was an odd thing here in which we essentially lowered the prices and our partners were upset because they wanted the prices higher. It's a little bit of an inverse of what you usually expect, and they were upset with us for giving away more value for less money. We had a number of reasons to do this. We put our heads together. We've come up with a plan, and we've started working on it. I think they feel better about the future, and they understand what the plan is. And so better communication. And we actually took a bunch of input from them, and we rejiggered our plans.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: And at what point do you think would you be able to communicate some more details around the plan? And how does that affect the other geographies?
Carl Bass: It's a global plan. We've been working on the standardization with global plan. You know what, like Mark said, it's particularly ineffective for us to talk about promotionals -- promotions and packaging ahead of when we otherwise want to release it. I mean, I can assure you right now that we've done a bunch of work on it and worked with them on it. And I've met with several of our Central European partners over the last few weeks, and they feel good about it. In 2 weeks, I'll see a lot more of the partners at Autodesk University in Las Vegas. But I think we're on track there. And as it comes out, we'll talk about it, and I'd be happy to explain what we did looking retrospectively. It will make sense. Not trying to obscure it, but it really undercuts the work of our partners out there everyday if we preannounce things like promotions and packaging.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Understood. Maybe one last question. When you did the restructuring, you had the reduction in headcount. How should we think about when you said you would hire back? How does acquisition headcount fill that need? Meaning, would you hire back some portion of that 500 just direct? Or are you including the heads that come in through acquisition as part of that net?
Carl Bass: We've included the heads that come from acquisition. We think when people join Autodesk, it really doesn't matter if they join through acquisition or we hire them off the street.
Operator: Mr. MacMillan, your line is open.
Carl Bass: Ross, stop typing.
Mark Hawkins: Ross?
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I'm creating some problems in the system.
Carl Bass: You were caught with your hand in the cookie jar.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Exactly. So maybe the first one, just -- I'm just going back to this question on rehiring. Obviously, you've hired back some of the planned rehiring post the restructuring you did. I'm just curious as to whether now that you're sort of resetting the revenue run rate again, whether that's actually leading you to a different conclusion on your hiring plans that you had 90 days ago. In other words, is the current plan to hire back less than you were going to? And I had 1 follow-up.
Carl Bass: Yes. It's definitely less. I mean, we'd be disingenuous to say otherwise. I mean, I think there are 2 things I'd add in, too. We did a reduction in the force, plus there's a natural attrition. What I would say is what we've done so far is we've probably filled the jobs that were made available by attrition and we've added some through M&A, but we've clearly slowed down our overall hiring plan. And we will continue to kind of titrate as we watch revenue in the coming quarters.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: And I was curious. Obviously, your fiscal fourth quarter is normally the quarter where you have a seasonally strong direct business. Have you recalibrated your thoughts around the direct business, just given the environment?
Carl Bass: Yes. You know what? What -- we certainly thought about it a lot. We've spent a lot over the last 2 weeks probing on this. Despite the overall weak results, our major account business did particularly well. It was particularly strong. Forecasts continue to be particularly strong. The pipeline is strong. I think we've probably applied some management judgment to more conservatively guide and to build ourselves a buffer, should the economy worsen. But I just wanted to leave you with 2 things. Yes, we think there will be a strong fourth quarter in our named account business. And the fact that even during Q3, our named account business did particularly well.
Mark Hawkins: Yes.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Great. And then maybe one very last one, a slightly different topic. But obviously, if we look at maintenance billings, those were down. But we're comping, I think, the challenge of the multi-year promotion, if you will, last year, or the incentive, if you will, to sign early. Is it possible to adjust for that, and give us a sense for what the true kind of like-for-like maintenance billings growth was?
Carl Bass: Well, so you know what we were able to do, and I'll let Mark jump in. I mean, one of the things we were able to tell you is that attach and renewal rates were even to slightly higher. So that was the good thing. It was less than we expected but in line with usual seasonality. Q3 is odd mainly because of when we started this program. There was a seasonality when we introduced the program. I think it would actually be better -- I'll let Mark answer, but it will certainly be better when we finish the fourth quarter probably to look at the year in total and certainly the last 3 quarters. And then we'll have a better handle on exactly what went on. But the individual rates did go up.
Mark Hawkins: Yes. I agree. The attachment and the renewals went up, and that was a good sign for us, especially as we look at the nature of the economy and such. I think Carl's right. The preponderance of our maintenance opportunity in terms of new maintenance opportunities comes in the fourth quarter, I think it would be interesting for you to look at that and have a complete triangulation on that versus the prior year. That will give you a better feel. I think that's a great way to do it.
Operator: Your next question comes from Heather Bellini.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I had a couple of questions. One, I was just wondering if you could give us some sense of how much Sandy impacted your business in the quarter, given that your business has always been fairly linear. And then I also -- going back to 2 things that you mentioned before. The named account business, you said, did well in the third quarter. So can you give us a sense of where you saw weakness being more pronounced? And then I had 2 more follow-ups, if that's okay.
Carl Bass: Sure. Sure, Heather. Yes, so the first thing is, Sandy is a little bit hard. I mean, we can directly attribute a few million dollars. We can look and say $2 million or $3 million. There's a direct deal that didn't close before the quarter that would have. There are a number of deals in which the paperwork was not completed and we couldn't recognize the revenue. So we'll probably get to $3 million there. I'd probably add a couple more million dollars in business that just doesn't happen. As you know, tragically, both our customers and our partners were greatly affected by it. I wouldn't want to make too -- I wouldn't make too big a deal about the weather. That would be a whole new area of exploration for us in our business. But it was particularly poorly timed for our quarter.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes, I know, definitely. And then the named account business, so if that was strong, were was the weakness more pronounced?
Carl Bass: Weakness was much more pronounced in the channel business. The named account business -- I mean, what we saw, and this is what's led us to believe -- I mean, let me step back a second, Heather. I think if you look more broadly, I mean, we certainly look at the results of our competitors. We look at the financial results of peer companies, as well as we look at the kinds of companies that are typically our customers. And many of them reported weaker results. And most of them are on a calendar schedule that's a month ahead of us. So the first thing we saw was that. Our major account business did relatively well. But what concerned us a little bit, for the first time, we would probably have more big deals leaking over into another quarter in which we couldn't close, and that's independent to the storm. There were just more big deals that didn't get closed in the quarter. And when we dug down into them, a lot -- we can't identify ones that have gone away, but we have certainly ones where management of our -- of the companies, of our customers, in which they've said, "Let's reevaluate, let's look at the ROI on this, has to go through another round of approval." So we saw some slowdown there. So we're really happy with our performance relative to that, but we did see some slowing. When you look at the place it slowed down, it's the indirect business, and particularly, we call that several geographies. And most importantly, it was the emerging countries, places like Southern Europe and parts of the Americas outside the U.S.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then just 2 follow-ups. Can you comment on kind of federal and local spending that you saw, given you have an October quarter end and the obviously federal spend on a September cycle, and then kind of how are you feeling about that for next year? And then I've got a follow-up to that.
Mark Hawkins: So -- sure, Heather. So just -- this is Mark. Just to give you a sense, you know that our government business is not a big business, per se, but at the same time, we were pleased we set a record for the quarter. It was up. We saw a real growth. It was good to see. I mean, the team works it well. It's not a big part of our business at all, but it absolutely grew.
Carl Bass: Yes, one of the things that are -- one of the things just to know about our government business, while I am really pleased with the results of the government, per se, most of our business in civil infrastructure is related to the private sector that's tied to government spending. And so it's a little bit more interesting to look at the broader results around it. Oftentimes, even when Department of Transportation decides to make a purchase, it ends up being spent in the private sector. So we tend to look at it by industry, but our government results, per se, were good.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then the last question I have is it goes back to a lot of the other questions were around the 30% margin goal for fiscal '13. And I just want to make sure I'm thinking about it the right way. Given your uncertainty about revenue growth and given the fact that in the past, you were forecasting kind of higher top line growth levels. Is what you're trying to say is regardless of the top line environment, we'll make this a 30% margin company even if we have to cut to get there regardless of the top line?
Carl Bass: Yes. I think -- well, pretty...
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Like are you solving for margins? Because it's hard to know margins if you don't know revenue, unless you tell me that come hell or high water, you're going to get to that margin number regardless of what the revenue number is.
Carl Bass: I think if you look over, certainly the last couple of years and specifically the last 2 quarters, we demonstrated in an environment in which revenue was far below our expectations that we were still able to drive margins. And I won't go so far as to say we're trying to do -- we're solving for margins, because I think that might indicate too short-term a view of what we think the opportunity in our business is. We think there's plenty of opportunity to invest, and to drive more to the bottom line, and maintain that commitment about margins.
Heather Bellini - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. So when we think about the progression of margins, it's not like -- I think Walter asked a question before that, basically, to get there, you'd have to be doing more than the type of margin bump you've been seeing the last few years. It doesn't necessarily have to be a linear progression, meaning 250 bps, et cetera, per year, that it could be more of a hockey stick. Is that fair?
Carl Bass: I mean, I think it will be a little bit more steady than that. We won't be looking out hoping some magic happens at the end of FY '15. I don't think that's a realistic way to run the business. But we do think there is opportunity to expand margins along the way, even in a lower growth environment. Having said that, our goal is to drive to higher revenue growth. We're doing lots of things to do that, and it would certainly make the job much easier to do that. But I think we've demonstrated, even without that, we're capable of expanding margins.
Operator: And your final question is a follow-up question from Brendan Barnicle.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Just quickly following up. We did see subscription revenue grow sort of in a typical seasonal pattern. Any reason that, that would change going to the fourth quarter?
Mark Hawkins: Well, Brendan, I think I agree with you that it was a typical pattern. I think you can -- I think we would confirm that. It's in that range. In terms of going forward with a projection of it, we don't guide that one, per se, but I think you got the right read on where we're at today.
Carl Bass: And just to be a little bit more specific, we don't see any reason that, that wouldn't be true.
Operator: There are no further questions. I'll now turn the conference call over to the host.
David Gennarelli: Thanks, operator. So lastly, we're going to be -- we have 2 things going on this quarter. On November 22, we have our Autodesk University event. I know many of you have already signed up for it. If you'd still like to, please e-mail me or call me at (415) 699-0143. We'll also be at the Crédit Suisse Conference on the 28th, the following day. That concludes our call. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. This will conclude today's conference call. You may now disconnect your lines.

===== 2013 Q2  (2012-08-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Gennarelli Carl Bass - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Mark Hawkins - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Kenneth Wong Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division Sitikantha Panigrahi - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Daniel T. Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division Steve Koenig Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Melissa Gorham - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Hope, and I will be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Q2 Fiscal Year 2013 Autodesk Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Gennarelli, you may begin your conference.
David Gennarelli: Thanks, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our second quarter of fiscal 2013. Joining me today are Carl Bass, our Chief Executive Officer; and Mark Hawkins, our Chief Financial Officer. Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. As noted in our press release we have published our prepared remarks in our website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments, and we will not repeat them on this call. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and future performance of the company, such as our guidance for the third quarter and full year fiscal 2013, long-term financial model guidance, the factors we use to estimate our guidance, new products and suite releases and expected growth rates, expected cost savings from our restructuring and other cost management efforts, hiring plans, business execution, certain future strategic transactions, business prospects and financial results, our market opportunities and strategies, including our transition to cloud and mobile computing, trends in sales initiatives for our products and trends in various geographies and industries. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us, and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time to time with the SEC, specifically our form 10-K for the fiscal year 2012, our form 10-Q for the period ending April 30, 2012, and our periodic form 8-K filings, including the form 8-K filed with today's press release and prepared remarks. Those documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or viewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today's call but we'll not provide any -- further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of the GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today's press release, prepared remarks and on the Investor Relations website. We will quote a number of numeric or growth changes as we discuss our financial performance and unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Carl.
Carl Bass: Thanks, Dave. And good afternoon, everyone. Our second quarter results reflect execution issues stemming from our organizational realignment earlier this year, as well as continued unevenness in the economic environment. There are a few bright spots, but the reality is we missed our revenue targets on most fronts. Recall that last quarter, I spoke to you about a reorganization of our go-to-market activities. We organized our sales teams by industry to better serve our customers and drive future growth. We also made some adjustments to our channel programs, drawing on best practices from our various geographies. We can point to a mixed global economy for part of the explanation. But we did not execute as well as we would've liked on a number of fronts. It's clear that our reorganization and having people in different positions slowed us down in the quarter. With many employees taking on new roles, new customers, new managers and teams, the amount and level of change has been significant. And while the reorganization changes are important for the future, some degree of confusion and slower decision-making resulted, which affected the organization overall and our revenue results in particular. As we track the progress of the quarter, the shortfall in revenue did not emerge until July, as our demand generation activities did not produce the anticipated effect. The organizational realignment, combined with an uneven economic environment, limited our ability to both identify the shortfall earlier and respond more quickly. From a geographic perspective, the weakness we experienced in Southern Europe was not surprising. However, weakness in Central Europe was unforeseen. Although there was growth in the U.S., revenue growth in the Americas was well below what we've been experiencing over the past several quarters, due in large part to our results in Latin America. On the bright side, the Asia Pacific performed much better than the 2 other geographies. And in fact, the APAC had record revenues due to strong growth in Japan and China. Similar to last year, results from BRIC countries were mixed as growth in China and Russia was partially offset by weakness in Brazil and India. From a divisional perspective, PSEB performed the best, driven by 12% growth of combined AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT revenues. I'm calling this is out because our AutoCAD business was hit the hardest during the big downturn a few years ago. So we're pleased to see the relative strength in this area. I was also pleased to see early positive signs from several of our cloud initiatives. For example PLM 360 had a nice start in its first full quarter of availability. We signed a number of PLM deals with companies ranging from small business to well-known large enterprises, and our professional mobile apps continued to experience strong adoption during the quarter. For example, AutoCAD WS, which allows people to view and edit AutoCAD files via web browser or an iOS or Android device, has now been downloaded more than 9 million times. From a higher level perspective, revenue from our direct sales business had good growth for the quarter, buoyed by activity from large deals in the U.S. Revenue growth was much lower in our indirect channel, which makes up about 85% of our revenue mix. Now let me focus on our expenses. With the backdrop of an uneven macroeconomic environment and our focus on delivering on our operating margin improvement goals, Autodesk has been taking a prudent approach to spending for the fiscal year. These on-going cost management measures contributed to the delivery of non-GAAP EPS within our company's guidance range for the second quarter. In light of our second quarter performance and a reduced revenue outlook for the year, we are further reducing our spend by implementing cost-cutting measures in the second half of this fiscal year, such as restricting non-sales related travel and reducing our number of contractors. The other news we announced today was the restructuring as we are accelerating our transition to cloud and mobile computing. This kind of action, especially one that impacts many of our employees, is always a difficult decision. The basis behind the restructuring is twofold. First and foremost, the restructuring centers on getting the right employee skills that will help make us successful and allow us to move faster in our transition to increase cloud and mobile computing. This action allows us to continue investing, recruiting and hiring people who can bring to Autodesk the skills and experience that are critical for achieving our mid- and long-term goals. As part of the ongoing platform shift, it's clear to us that design and engineering software will move to cloud and mobile platforms. Cloud and mobile has been a major investment area for Autodesk over the past couple of years, and this restructuring will accelerate our progress as we intend to further invest in employees with expertise and skill sets essential to this transition. Additional industry restructuring helps us reduce costs and streamline the organization as a continuation of the activities we began earlier this year. On a combined basis, restructuring and cost savings initiatives, partially offset by planned investments, will result in a pretax spend in the second half of fiscal 2003 -- '13, ranging between a 2% decrease and a 2% increase compared to the second half of fiscal 2012. As we look at our forecast for this fiscal year, we are adjusting our targets. We have lowered our revenue targets as we're working through these challenges as quickly as possible. People are now settling into their new roles and we have identified and addressed a number of areas for improvements to help us regain our momentum and improve our results. The restructuring and ongoing cost reductions allow us to both invest in our transition and maintain a healthy year-over-year operating margin expansion target of approximately 150 basis points. Looking at the rest of this year and beyond, although the economic environment is tougher, our market opportunity and prospects remain strong and we remain committed to achieving our long-term growth targets by the end of fiscal 2015. I'm sure you have many questions. So without further delay, let's open the call up. Operator?
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And your first question comes from the line of Sterling Auty, JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I guess my first question and then the follow-up. But the first question is, how can you just call it the big issue of the macro was just sales productivity from people being [indiscernible] with new responsibilities versus other things such as competitive or some other factor?
Carl Bass: I mean I guess, Sterling, I think there’re really 2 things that we're trying to parse is what was due to our own execution issues, sales realignment and all the rest, versus macroeconomic. I look at the competitive and I don't think that, that played almost any factor in this. Like I said, you look at the first quarter, you look at the first 2 months, we were on target. If you look at the shortfall, it really happened in 3 geographic areas, the vast majority of it comes in 3 areas that I don't think are particularly sensitive to competitive stuff. So I think the real tricky question is trying to ascertain how much is due to faults of our own making versus what's going on in the global economy.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And then the follow-up, I guess, would almost be in 2 parts. One, is there any trend as you move through August that gave you sense that productivity-wise things are getting more -- people are getting more comfortable? And the transition or the realignment restructuring you're announcing today, what does that entail? Is that also people moving into new jobs or is it just simply a headcount reduction?
Carl Bass: So for August and what we've seen, and we're relatively late in August relative to other years, we're on track for the guidance that we gave you obviously. And so really nothing about that. What I see is we have 3.5 more weeks under our belt in terms of people moving into their new positions, ironing out some of this. As we said, we’ve really had 7.5 weeks or something like that. July when we start to see the weakness to digest and try to make accommodations to try to fix this. So we've been looking at it for a while. As it relates to the restructuring, there will be people who are moving out of jobs and they will, as we said, there will be people moving into jobs as we continually do. But it’ll be nothing on the scale of what we did in the beginning of the year when there was a big kind of game of musical chairs amongst sales and marketing people within the organization.
Operator: Your next question comes from the lines of Walter Pritchard, Citigroup.
Kenneth Wong: This is Ken Wong for Walter. Just kind of building on what Sterling was asking there, just wondering, are you guys starting to see any of the trends that you guys saw during the last downturn in terms of things like attach or some of the early indicators that might suggest that you guys are in for a more bumpy road?
Carl Bass: What's interesting, and we called that one in particular, which was what we saw last time, what was the most striking was our AutoCAD and LT business. And that was the most resilient this quarter. So it was totally a contra-indicator from what we had seen in the last downturn. We haven't seen anything on the subscription front. So most of it doesn't look anything like it. Mark, you have...
Mark Hawkins: Yes, I would say the -- actually the renewals, we were pleased to see actual sequential improvement there. It's been a good year-on-year improvement, modest. So back to the point that Carl is making, these are not the kind of size that we would see like we saw in other kind of economic circumstances.
Kenneth Wong: And like I said, what we're seeing -- I think it's important while in some ways, July was an unmitigated disaster because the first 2 months, we were right on target and certainly when we went to Analyst Day, we were feeling very comfortable with our guidance for the quarter. A lot happened and it particularly happened in 3 areas. And so it was geographically isolated. So it has a very different feel to it. And I think we went into kind of the postmortem of the quarter, thinking that it was more about macroeconomic weakness. And I think we emerged from our analysis saying that it was more from flaws in execution on our part.
Kenneth Wong: Got you. And then on the -- on your restructuring, I mean it sounds like it's more -- just you guys are trying to get the right people on the cloud. If things start to get worse, I mean does it -- it sounds like you guys probably have a little room to cut if the pare back cost to maintain profitability, if that's the case?
Carl Bass: Yes, we certainly created a bunch of headroom that allows us much more flexibility about cost going forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brendan Barnicle, Pacific Crest Security.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Carl, I wanted to follow up, you'd said that execution was in the indirect channel and that's where you had changes in personnel. So what kind of changes in that -- in the indirect channel on your side would have created this sort of shortfall if it's something other than the macro?
Carl Bass: So by the way we have -- just -- let me just be clear, we had changes on both sides. And I would just say, relatively speaking, our direct activity was stronger than our indirect. It wasn't a blowout quarter by any means, but it was definitely stronger. What we did is, just to put it in the highest level terms, we went from a geographically organized sales force to one that was focused around the industry. So in some ways, maybe we underestimated because a lot of people still have the same job. So if you were a manufacturing salesperson for us in Central Europe, you still were after the change. But your chain of command had changed because you are now in the manufacturing organization as opposed to being in the European or Central European organization. So it was a big structural change at the top and it was all about organizing around our customer segments. That was really the big change. And it involved a fair amount of movement of personnel. It also probably impacted our ability to get quotas and targets out to our sales force, as well as probably our ability to measure the results as they came in.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: And so how does that work? You've got 1 month left in the quarter and all of a sudden, that falls off. I mean the resellers, presumably are selling on their own. Is it that your guys weren't out monitoring that closely enough to see that folks were all of a sudden falling behind and trying to do things to pull that back in line?
Carl Bass: Yes -- I mean, I think we always work closely with our partners. I think there's a fair amount of promotional activity as well as added assist we give in deals. And as what I said, I think if we had more experience than people in place, we might have been able to pick up on the cue’s sooner. But just to repeat myself, there was really 3 parts of the world where we -- and so just to be clear, this is Central Europe, Brazil and India. So lots of other places where we shouldn't paint the broad brush of something is broken there. It may not be optimal. It probably needs improvement. But the shortfall compared to our forecast happened in 3 places. And we had changes in leadership, changes in distribution in places, we had changes in partnership agreements. And so I think the -- almost if we had 3 months of the quarter, we would've been better off than finding out in the last month of the quarter. We would’ve had more time to respond. But you're absolutely right that the resellers are out there doing business. But, for example, in one part of the world, a bunch of our resellers where our business was poor, if you were to speak to them, they would say they had good quarters. Their mix of services and software was decidedly different. And so they’re walking away saying, "I had a good quarter." It was a bad quarter for us. So I think we have to understand that while I think everything I've said is broadly applicable about the changes we need to make and how we're working on it, there were several isolated places that were the major contributors to the shortfall.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Ashley, Robert W. Baird.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I'm actually just going to follow up right on Brendan's exact line of questioning and ask, were there changes to channel policy in terms of the resellers that impacted their performance? Not the oversight of the channel people by your people, but rather just changes in the channel that -- was there anything that disrupted their performance?
Carl Bass: Yes, I mean there were changes in -- some of the channel partner agreements that happen every year, there are always changes. In some parts of the world, they were probably a little bit larger this year than other years. And so that was a one. Regardless of the people involved in the administration of it, there were policy changes there. There were also some program changes and there were actually some offerings that were different. So pricing changes and what we put together in different suites and stuff like that. So there were a number of variables involved. And like I said, that's why as we started to dig into it and really dug into the 3 areas where we experienced the shortfall, we saw particular issues cropping up in each one of those that are certainly partially responsible for the problems.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And as you move to the cloud, is there anything you could tell us about time frame, milestones, what kind of phased implementation we can look for over time? Any color on that would be helpful.
Carl Bass: Yes, sure. I mean, well, we are believers that cloud and mobile and social are phenomena that are important technology platforms for design and engineering. And that our offerings in the future will be there. And we've been very clear about this for a long time. What I would say is the way we intend to offer it and the way we're rolling it out, which is already visible is, step one, is to combine our cloud-based offerings to existing products, generally in-suites with subscription. So it's a bundled offering that comes together, and we're offering cloud-based Web services that are complementary to the existing products that exist within the suite. We will roll out different pricing models, termed offerings and other ways for people to use them, as well as à-la-carte ways, so they can get access to more services. And what we hope to see is a switch in which now, the desktop products are the primary component of a suite and that packaged offering, and we think over time, it will move where the desktop component becomes less important or the Web services becomes more important. And so you'll see a change in licensing model, you'll see a change in how we go to market. And we will certainly see a change in the usage model amongst our customers. And then just to put it -- Steve, just to put a time frame on it, we've already introduced a bunch of Web-based services. There's more coming out this year. Beginning of the year, you'll see a lot more. We have a -- right now what I'd say is we have very strong individual offerings. There are things like the PLM 360 and the Autodesk 360, and we will continue to enhance them as we go forward.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Thill, UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Carl, you haven't implemented price increases for quite some time. I would've thought that the price increase gone into effect in August would have a bigger impact in the last quarter. Can you just give your sense of what you think the dynamic will be going forward? And I just want to be clear, on the indirect side, the deals that didn't come through, you saw visibility and I would assume it's just details that have been delayed versus lost?
Carl Bass: So as to the pricing increase actually stimulating demand. All I can say is I would have hoped so. It didn't. And so I lose all credibility, Brent, with actually predicting what the price increase will do going forward because historically, when we look announcing a price increase before a quarter generally stimulates demand. And we really didn't see that this time. We're not -- we saw it, but not to the degree that we would have expected. The other part of your question, Brent?
Mark Hawkins: About indirect, anything that [indiscernible] Yes.
Carl Bass: Go ahead. Oh, the deals?
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just from the deals that just -- that didn't flip in the indirect side. I assume your visibility on those deals, those deals have not been competitively lost. They're still on the cue. It's just a question of the timing when they come in.
Carl Bass: Yes, and I talked to our head of sales yesterday. A bunch of deals that didn't come in have already come in this quarter. I don't want to be hypocritical here. I always make fun of companies when they announce that the missed and it was just lack of a deal or 2 because I think the real explanation is so are you taking up the next quarter to accommodate those deals? We're not doing that. So I wouldn't want to sit here and say it's a deal or 2. But I did check with our sales leaders. And we have seen the deals come in. And also, I think there was an earlier question, it might have been Sterling or Walter. But we haven't seen any real change in the competitive environment out there. So it's not like are -- not like the deals are being lost. But we certainly didn't bring in the number of deals that we needed to.
Operator: Your next question comes from the land of Gregg Moskowitz, Cowen and Company.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Carl, you spoke about some of the weakness in some of the territories from a product standpoint that -- it did look like the uptake from manufacturing suites was practically low this quarter. Just curious if there was anything that stood out there.
Carl Bass: Other than it was terrible, no, nothing stood out. It was just a bad result. The only thing I can offer is that our manufacturing products are particularly strong in Europe and Central Europe and so it's disproportionately affected. That's probably the only good insight I can give you. And I will go back to what I've said repeatedly on these calls is, while the results are really disappointing, even when we have good results, I don't draw out too many conclusion from one data point and I wait to see another quarter before we go too far in any direction drawing conclusions about the offerings, the pricing, the promotions or the programs.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay. And then just as a follow-up for Mark. You guys spoke and provided some good color around the incremental investments toward cloud and mobile. We're just wondering if there's any more insight you can give as to the net change and overall staffing levels as a function of the restructuring.
Mark Hawkins: Yes, sure, Ken -- Gregg. We reduced our heads or we're in the process of reducing our heads by about 520 people roughly speaking. And that is creating headroom, as Carl said, around investment. An investment in cloud and mobile, this is all about transformation and accelerating toward the strategy that we think is so important. I think you can expect in the period of the fiscal year that we plan to reinvest a good portion of that, perhaps as much as 250 people by the time we exit the fiscal year. And then as you look beyond that, we'll continue to invest into '14. And as I think Walter called out, it gives us a little headroom as we're working toward other -- that strategic investment. So hopefully, that helps you, Gregg.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Davis with Canaccord.
Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Hey, Carl, so one of the things I wonder about is as you kind of start trying to sell more sophisticated software, whether that's suites, whether that's rendering or simulation or PLM, is the channel -- do you feel the channel is sufficiently -- educated is not the right word, but trained? And so and would that possibly explain what happened in this quarter and as much as maybe it makes sense to circle back to these folks and say, "Hey, look. Here's a better way to do it." Or something like that. I’m just trying to figure that out.
Carl Bass: Yes -- Well, I appreciate any hypothesis that anybody has right now. But when we look at it, I think the suites are right down the sweet spot, so to speak, of what our resellers are very capable of selling. I think the performance over the last 2 years has demonstrated that. There is certainly an issue around things like simulation, about whether or not all of our resellers worldwide are capable of supporting things like that. I mean I think that's slightly different PLM, which we've mainly led with the direct sales force. I think those are slightly different. But I go back to 2 things. I think prior results say that our channel partners are quite capable of doing it. And then the second thing is I think the better insights you can get from this is look at a couple of geographic areas and try to ascertain, we don't think there's one explanation that deals with all 3, despite having dissected this upside down. But we do think in each 3 places, there are things that are going on that are worthy of note. But I wouldn't go as broad as the assertion that our partners are having trouble selling particular products.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This is Perry for Heather. Just wanted to ask a follow-up question on product revenue. It looks like results for suites were impacted the most, growing only, I guess, 5% year-over-year. This was also due to a tough prior year comp. But is there any additional color you can provide here, like do the internal reorg play a role here at all or was it largely due to the channel?
Mark Hawkins: Yes, I don't think there's a lot of additional color. To be honest with you, Perry, I think it was just again, as Carl said, we had 3 major areas of focus as we kind of deep dive into the -- some of the execution issues, suites were impacted in those 3 areas as well. There's no real silver bullet to pull out on that.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Mark, I'd like to follow-up on some of the maths surrounding the restructuring. You mentioned earlier that you are going to have an initial reduction of 520 heads. In the last large restructuring back in January of '09, you reduced by 750 heads and that targeted $130 million in savings. So using some proportionality here, would you be looking to save about $100 million in OpEx before you commence the reinvestment you talked about?
Mark Hawkins: Jay, here's -- I get them. I understand the math that you're doing. I would actually point you a little bit different. The way you can actually map this out pretty straightforwardly is take a look at our half 1 growth rate, which is about 6% in spend. And take a look at the guidance, it's implying minus 2% to plus 2% growth rate in spend in half 2. If you look at the differential from going at a 6% run rate to between minus 2% and plus 2%, I think you can get the math number that gives you really good feel for the net effect of the reduction plus the investment. And that will map that out I think quite well for you, Jay.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. A follow-up question on maintenance, which came up earlier, and if you're seeing any change in your revenues from maintenance customers in the following way, in fiscal '12, you grew your average maintenance revenues for active license by a couple of percent but in Q1, you saw a 4% decline of maintenance revenues per licensee or per license. Are you seeing now in Q2, are you expecting for the remainder of the year any further deterioration in the revenues per license?
Mark Hawkins: Jay, we don't guide on the license -- excuse me, the maintenance portion of this. I would say the maintenance growth rate going forward is really a function of the prior 4 quarters in many ways. Just the momentum we have, the attach rates, the renewal rate and such. But we don't actually guide in specificity there. So I can't really give you a lot more color there.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Philip Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Sitikantha Panigrahi - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: This is Siti Panigrahi for Phil Winslow. So my question is, could you compare verticals by geography, and which stood out from a strength or weakness perspective during the quarter versus what you have seen previously?
Mark Hawkins: Yes, it's more -- it's probably more detail than we'd want to get into at this stage. I mean...
Carl Bass: Yes, I mean I think we gave a fair amount of color in the...
Mark Hawkins: Prepared...
Carl Bass: Prepared remarks. If you look in there, you can kind of see by geo. And I think we've added some color about specific areas that might better help explain what specifically is going on. But we don't want to break down by division by geo.
Mark Hawkins: Exactly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Cummins with ThinkEquity.
Daniel T. Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: Let's see. First, I'll ask a couple of questions about the geos. You said that the U.S. business grew year-over-year. Was it up -- did it meet with your expectations overall?
Carl Bass: No, we're short of our expectations. But I said, the thing that -- well, let's be clear. What we talked about was the Americas. And that missed our expectations. It was primarily because of Latin America and in particular, Brazil, just to be as clear as possible.
Daniel T. Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: Right, yes. I wanted to ask about each of those 3 weak areas, India, Brazil and Central Europe. Have each one of those -- and I think you said in isolation, each one represents kind of a different case, a weak case. But has each one got into some level of stability in terms of week-over-week visibility? Obviously, you're giving guidance and are you comfortable with that? But I'm curious if these -- currently, are these situations worsening or have they stabilized?
Mark Hawkins: I would say that when we look at our linearity for the quarter thus far in, basically it looks on track at this stage of course. And there's no big deviations in these particular areas compared to what we would expect for the quarter.
Carl Bass: Yes, we're on track. And what I see the usual amount of moving parts, a little bit of strength in one part of the world, a little bit of weakness, but nothing dramatic. It seems very normal, if you will.
Operator: Your next question comes from the lines of Steve Koenig, Wedbush Securities.
Steve Koenig: One question and one follow up. Really for the first one, I'm looking for color here on the kind of the changes to your organization and your channel policies. And in particular, if I can, just kind of the things I'm wondering there, why did the personnel changes, that I believe happened in Q1, why did they affect you more in Q2 and not Q1? How much of the channel weakness stemmed from the changes to the rebate and registration program? And why didn't the promotional activity generate the leads you expected? And I do have one follow-up if you don't mind.
Carl Bass: Yes, I mean I'd say the best explanation that I have is that -- I mean business was kind of on track through Q1 and the beginning of Q2. And as we've said, 85% of our business goes through our channel partners. I think as we -- everybody kind of saw at least a hiccup in the economy, we were unable to respond as quickly. And I think a bunch of that comes from the people we had in place. I also think as always happens when we change channel programs, in effect, we're changing incentives. And I think some of the incentives got out of whack with some of our channel partners. And as they always do, they try to find a way to maximize their revenue based on that. And so we've already looked at that and we've addressed it. But I think we -- as I said in my remarks, we might have been better able to identify it and respond more quickly if we've had the same people on the ground.
Steve Koenig: I see, right. Okay. And then for the follow-up, just one anecdote that maybe you can help me put into context. We got some feedback then that when you extended your promotion into August, some customers were surprised when they went to take advantage of that. There were surprised to discover it because prices were up -- that net discount was 5% less than they expected. It wasn't as big as they thought it was going to be. And I’m just wondering how well was the price increase communicated? Were there any failures there? And the promotion was not as effective this time. Can I assume that – August, is it starting out weaker than usual? I mean I assume just by looking at your guidance, that's probably the case.
Carl Bass: Yes. So I mean I'm not familiar -- I mean most of the things we're targeted to generate revenue in July, and the programs were there. They were -- I would say they were managed -- they were conceived, managed and executed by pretty much the same team that has done all of them. So to the extent that they did it well or not, I mean it was an experienced team. They've done this before. We have an evolving set of policies with our partners, we communicated, we're in close contact. So I don't have any insight that, that was part of the problem.
Mark Hawkins: I agree.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross MacMillan, Jefferies.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I have, I think, 2 questions. One, you care to talk about this issue around the organizational changes impacting your ability to respond as being somewhat transient and of your own making. But it certainly does appear from your guidance that you're still modeling a low single-digit growth rate in the second half of this year, which certainly doesn't imply any improvement. In fact, the margin is slightly worse than that, which you saw in Q2. So I was just trying to understand, is that because the baseline run rate of revenue is just lower now? You're off this July kind of run rate and you're not making any assumptions around improvement? Or are there any other factors that have gone into your thinking on that?
Carl Bass: I mean I think there's dozens of factors, Ross. But I mean your observation is right. And I would say we are being, what I consider, appropriately cautious. We're not -- we're coming off a bad quarter. At this point, forecasting a big jump in growth rate seems inappropriate to me. We're conscious of at least a volatile global economy. I don't think it's worsening, but it's certainly volatile. I mean there are the other factors of FX headwinds and stuff like that. And until we've proven otherwise, I don't think we're going to champion kind of a double digit growth rate. And I'd like to prove it first.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, one, just follow-up on maintenance billings, I think they grew 7%. But I think there was a comment that most of that was driven by multiyear contracts. So I guess the question is now that we're anniversary-ing the introduction of the suites last year, why are we not seeing a pickup in the maintenance billings growth rate? Because I thought we were going to be getting that kicker on higher subscription or higher maintenance prices on the suites.
Mark Hawkins: Yes, let me speak to that, Ross. First of all, you're correct that in the billings, one of the playbook items that did work was our multiyear event when there was a price change, it was a compelling event. And that did drive billings. It didn't show up as revenue, but it did drive the billings in a reasonable way. And so that's one aspect. The second thing, that when you look at maintenance billings beyond that, I think the main driver for that has to do with attach rate and getting enough licenses that are out there so that the more license you'd sell, the more opportunity we have to drive maintenance billings. So I think it's more a function of license growth right now from that standpoint. I think for ASPs, over time as people do renew suites, we will see that the thing we talked about before.
Carl Bass: We're already seeing it. We were actually seeing it. It's just, unfortunately, been offset by fewer licenses.
Mark Hawkins: Exactly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss, Morgan Stanley.
Melissa Gorham - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: This is Melissa calling for Keith. And just in terms of guidance for the full year, what are your assumptions around growth in Europe? Are you assuming that the macro stays relatively stable to how it is today? And then also, lowering of the growth rate for FY '13, how much is that just from macro versus execution-related issues specific to Autodesk?
Mark Hawkins: So a couple of things. One is we're not assuming any major changes to the economy in Europe, number one. Melissa, secondly, in terms of the, just the macro consideration, as was called out for sure, we're dealing with both the execution issue and the 3 areas that Carl called out, and then also we're mindful of a dynamic economic environment. So we're -- that is coming into our consideration. But I think it leads with the execution of the 3 main areas. It's consideration when we think about the guidance.
Melissa Gorham - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then just on the PLM products, the commentary was that you're seeing pretty good traction. Can you just give us a little bit more detail on some of the enterprise pilots that you're doing right now? Is it mostly your existing manufacturing customers that you're targeting with that solution or are you seeing growth in the customer base? And if there's any like particular verticals that you're adopting, that would be helpful.
Carl Bass: Yes, sure. Well, I'd say what I'm most pleased about is that it's opening doors in competitive accounts. And that doesn't always mean that their brand-new customers to Autodesk because we do have a pretty broad footprint. But in terms of being their preferred supplier, we -- what I'm most pleased about, we're getting into places where we are not the preferred supplier. And that's very encouraging. In many places, it's being viewed as complementary to their existing PLM system. Some people are considering it as a future placement. But we have pretty extensive trials going on. And what I've been most pleased with is getting to those accounts. There are certainly some in our existing customer base, and I'd say more than particular verticals what we're seeing is just parts of -- we're seeing more similar kinds of problems. So things around new product introduction, things about quality, there are a number of areas in which customers across different segments are trying to solve similar problems and where this solution is particularly well-suited, some of the stuff in the supply chain. So there a handful of different areas that seem to be forming a stronger pattern than a particular vertical versus another.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Hedberg, RBC Capital Markets.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Carl, you -- obviously there's been others would come before you that have transitioned from a perpetual to more a faster cloud-based revenue stream. I'm wondering, are there any lessons learned from some of these other prior examples that you guys are implementing that may make the transition smoother?
Carl Bass: Yes, we have definitely studied them all. One's in software, one's outside software. We've looked at all kinds of transitions. Right now, most of what we're doing is -- I mean what we're talking a lot about in developing cloud and mobile applications, the major change that's in front of our customers is going from buying point products to buying suites. And most of that transition came from a perpetual license with upgrades to one with maintenance over the last 6 to 10 years. I think we've managed that fairly successfully. What we hope to do is gradually phase in new kinds of offering that are more annuity-based, more based on termed offerings. But we're not seeing any of that affect our revenues today. But I think it's an issue we'll deal with and we've extensively studied what others have done.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: And then a question for Mark. Obviously, the guidance for operating margins comes down for fiscal '13. Assuming all of the restructuring that's going on here, can we assume more of a normal year-on-year improvement of maybe closer to 200 basis points for fiscal '14?
Mark Hawkins: Matt, first of all, we -- it's probably a little early to talk about FY '14 in terms of targets per se. But one of the things I can get to you, the spirit of your question, we are absolutely committed to our long term operating margin goal of 30%-plus. And so we are driving toward that, and you can see that certainly with the first year of our 5-year plan at 480 the second at 260 in this year even with a headroom -- headwind, you can see the approximately 150 basis points. So we're very serious about that. We're still driving toward the 30%-plus, and while whereby I'm not going to comment specifically about '14, I think the spirit of the question I think you get is we're very focused on the operating margin in addition to the growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Blair Abernethy with Stifel Nicholas.
Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Mark, I was just going to follow on Matt's question there in terms of the change you're doing now in accelerating your investment on the cloud side and the mobile side. Does that maybe slow you down a little bit on that margin accretion?
Mark Hawkins: Well, I think we tried to talk a little bit earlier about trying to give ourselves some room to invest in these critical areas that are absolutely right on point with our long-term strategy as a company. So no, I don't think that these slow us down. I think this whole movement, this whole action is difficult and delicate as it is, is to accelerate toward our strategy. So no, operating margin and growth are our strategic intent. And we plan to continue to make progress.
Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And just a follow-up, Carl, you haven't talked too much on the AEC side, particularly about BIM traction this quarter. Obviously, we're seeing ABI slowdown in the U.S. over the last 4 or 5 months now and obviously, you know what's going on in Europe. What are you seeing in the AEC vertical?
Carl Bass: I mean what we saw in results, it was not good. But the more color on it was -- I mean we -- when saw kind of the same thing, if anything, BIM is becoming more of a fabric of how people do construction projects. It's extending more to construction beyond architecture and engineering. What we did this quarter was we extended BIM. We released our BIM 360 product, as well as we did BIM for the field with an acquisition that we discussed. So it was bringing BIM out to the field, which was also good for construction. So I feel -- despite the results in the AEC vertical, I feel good about what's going on in the industry and the adoption of BIM. We're seeing more and more government-mandated BIM projects. So generally speaking, all the trends we've talked about in the last few quarters are continuing in the customer base.
Operator: Your next question as a follow up question from the line of Sterling Auty, JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: I want to circle back to a question earlier. Mark, you mentioned that there's not a silver bullet in terms of the weakness in suite revenue. But it -- just wondering, given the 3 geos that you mentioned, the Brazil, India, Central Europe, are they particularly strong in terms of suite sales, meaning were they adopting suites at a faster rate than others so maybe there was some correlation?
Mark Hawkins: Well, Sterling, I would say that certainly, if you look at areas like Central Europe, let's just take as an example, is an important area for suites in the achievement of our goals in suites. That would be a good example where there was a direct correlation. That would be one example.
Carl Bass: Yes, and generally speaking, what I'd say is heavily developed industrialized countries are the leading adopters of suites. And generally, the emerging economies are less so. Just a broad brush so in this case, one out of 3. But given the magnitude and importance of Central Europe, it far outweighs the others.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, and then one follow-up. Specifically in software, when you make major changes to go to market and sales, it takes 3 quarters for things to settle out. If that's the case here, how far along in that transition are we? And the restructuring again, restructuring that you announced today, did that actually exacerbate things and make things a little bit worse before they get better and kind of restart that 3-quarter block or do you think the nature of the changes are different so maybe you're further along?
Mark Hawkins: I guess I would say a couple things here, Sterling. One is that part of the restructuring is, as we called out, the primary overlay is to accelerate our cloud mobile development and the headroom for that. The other thing is really the secondary part of that is to really clear the way. It's almost the second aspect of moving through the industry change. And so what we found as we got through this is that there's a little -- some overlaps, some things that we needed to clear up and just kind of streamline as we've gone through this. So I think this actually should help, not hinder, as it relates to that particular point, would be my thoughts. Carl, I don't know…
Carl Bass: Yes, I would totally agree with what you said.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Dan Cummins, ThinkEquity.
Daniel T. Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: Thanks. My question was answered.
Operator: Your next question is a follow-up question from Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Carl, as part of the changes you're talking about through the cloud and the like, how are you thinking about the long-term structure of the distribution channel in terms of scale and concentration? What I mean is in your largest distributor Tech Data, which is not of your bar but a distributor, is now over 1/5 of your revenues, is that something that you think has advantages to grow proportionately over time to give you some distribution scale benefits or how are you thinking about that sort of structure?
Carl Bass: Yes, so we spent a lot of time talking to our partners about it. I think the role of resellers will remain largely unchanged as we move more to online services and offerings. Obviously, certain ones will adapt themselves more quickly and move more easily. But in general, I think the opportunity is the same. I think for the various distributors, it's a different question because the role they play in terms of financing, logistics, et cetera, changes dramatically in an online world. I mean I don't want to get too in the weeds here, but I’ve talked to many of our biggest distributors about plans that they have for their business. And I think all of them are aware of these changes and are making plans about it and probably best to talk to them about how they're going to deal with it. But I don't think there is a changed role for the distributor in order to make it through this transition where I feel like for the resellers, it's a much simpler one. They still are the primary contract contact with the customer, customer still needs integration and training and other services. So I think their primary function remains intact and the opportunity does as well.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: All right. A follow-up about the manufacturing market, I understand that you're issue cropped up largely in July, but now that everyone in the mechanical and manufacturing space has reported, you seem to be the only one that didn't grow either sequentially or year-over-year. And I'm just wondering if you think, in fact, that there's been some change in competitive situation or is there something that you saw in July that they haven't yet seen.
Carl Bass: No, like I said, at this point, I'm putting more emphasis on our own shortcomings than I am on something that somebody else would see who is not going through a similar transition. I guess that was the end of my comment. So what I see, I don't expect them to necessarily see the same things. I think in 90 days we'll talk and we'll say if we've seen it. Generally speaking, we've really outgrown all of our competitors in the manufacturing space over the last half a dozen years. I see no change really there. If anything, I see more opportunities for us. At this point I see this quarter as an anomaly in terms of gaining market share. But kudos to others who made it through some of the same transitions and macroeconomic weakness that we seem to stumble upon.
Operator: Your final question is a follow-up question from the line of Brendan Barnicle with Pacific Crest Security.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: If you -- if this is already asked, but the Media and Entertainment business didn't really recover this quarter. I think you had expected that it would on the release of the, I think it was the C Series servers that have been delayed. What happened there?
Carl Bass: Well, I think a number of things. I'll -- let me give you a few points and Mark has a few things. One, is one of our big markets for M&E is India. That was a weak area. So that definitely affected it. We also had some products that didn't ship in this quarter, which also affected it that we'll see towards the end of the year.
Mark Hawkins: Yes, I -- that's exactly what I would add is I think that's a combination of product and then also the touch points of these particular geos that added to the issue. It was more in the hardware side. It was the biggest impact, by the way, between the 2, between that and the animation.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back over to Dave Gennarelli for any closing remarks.
David Gennarelli: Well, that concludes our call this afternoon. If you have any follow-up questions, you can reach me at (415) 507-6033. Thank you.
Operator: This completes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2013 Q1  (2012-05-17 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Gennarelli Carl Bass - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Mark J. Hawkins - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Daniel Morrison - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Steven R. Koenig - Longbow Research LLC Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Misty, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the First Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. Mr. Dave Gennarelli, Director of Investor Relations, you may begin your conference.
David Gennarelli: Thanks, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results for our first quarter of fiscal 2013. Joining me today are Carl Bass, our Chief Executive Officer; and Mark Hawkins, our Chief Financial Officer. Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. As noted in our press release, we have published our prepared remarks on our website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments, and we will not repeat them on this call. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the future performance of the company, such as our guidance for the second quarter and full year fiscal 2013, long-term financial model guidance, the factors we use to estimate our guidance, new products and suite releases and expected growth rates, certain future strategic transactions, business prospects and financial results, our market opportunities and strategies and trends in sales initiatives for our products and trends in various geographies and industries. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us, and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time to time with the SEC, specifically our Form 10-K for the fiscal year 2012, and our periodic Form 8-K filings, including the Form 8-K filed with today's press release and prepared remarks. These documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during this call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We'll provide guidance on today's call, but will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, and reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today's press release and prepared remarks and is on our Investor Relations section of our website. We will quote a number of numeric and growth changes as we discuss our financial performance. And unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Carl Bass.
Carl Bass: Thanks, Dave. And good afternoon, everyone. We were pleased with our first quarter results, which were solid, although somewhat uneven. We had strong revenue growth in Asia Pacific and the Americas, strong growth in our Manufacturing and AEC business segments and strong growth in revenue from suites. Offsetting these strong growth areas were mixed results in EMEA and emerging countries, as well as a decline in our Media and Entertainment business segment. We also accomplished a couple of significant structural and organizational changes during the quarter that we believe will better position the company for future growth. There were several areas of highlights in our performance compared to the first quarter of last year: 34% growth in total suites revenue, 19% growth in revenue from commercial new licenses, 18% growth in Manufacturing, and 16% growth in AEC, record revenue in Asia Pacific, record deferred revenue balance, a 210 basis point improvement in non-GAAP operating margin, and 18% growth in non-GAAP EPS. Much like the past few quarters, our business in EMEA was varied within the region. As you might expect, we experienced weakness in most of Southern Europe and had better results in Central Europe, including a record quarter in Germany. Within EMEA, we had good performance in our Manufacturing and AEC business segments, while PSEB and M&E did not do as well. PSEB had a tough compare to Q1 last year, when we ran a successful promotion on AutoCAD LT. The economic picture for EMEA is unpredictable, so there continues to be a degree of uncertainty. But overall, the sales environment in EMEA doesn't feel all that different than it has over the past few quarters. Another area where our results were uneven was our revenue growth in emerging economies. By nature, these markets are much more volatile, and much like EMEA, our results were varied by country. For example, compared to the first quarter of last year, we recorded strong growth in Russia and China but had weak results in Brazil and India. While currency devaluation played a role in both Brazil and India, we are taking actions to expand our business and improve our performance in these countries. We continue to believe that the BRIC countries and other emerging economies around the world hold tremendous growth potential for Autodesk, and we are focused on improving our performance there. Our results for M&E were impacted by 2 items: One was an intentional part of our strategy and the other resulted from poor execution. First, as you know, our new design suites combine the functionality of many of the products necessary to optimize the design workflow. The value of providing all these functionality in a suite helps drive increased ASPs. Several of our animation products include 3ds Max, are now available in our design suites, and, as a result, many of our customers no longer need to purchase these products separately. So as our customers migrate to our new suites, we are starting to see reported revenue for the standalone version of those animation products decline. This is not unexpected. And as we've noted in the past, we anticipate and encourage our customers to migrate to our suites, which carry a higher ASP. The value of the suites is highly compelling to our customers and is the right strategy for Autodesk. Our results in Creative Finishing were disappointing. Separate from what we're experiencing with animation products, revenue from Creative Finishing declined as we believe customers delayed their purchase in anticipation of a new third-party hardware platform that is expected to be released this quarter, and our Smoke for the Mac product, which will be released in Q3. We achieved strong results in our Manufacturing business segment with solid performance in each geography. During the quarter, we unveiled our new manufacturing suites, which offer a complete set of integrated and interoperable suites to simplify design, visualization and simulation workflows. These suites also provide a broad range of cloud services to help manufacturers more efficiently design, engineer and manufacture better products faster and at reduced cost. At the heart of our manufacturing suites is Inventor, our model-based 3D design tool. Since we launched Inventor in 1999, it has become a significant contributor to our growth over the years, and we recently reached the milestone of shipping our 1 million suite. Our growing Simulation business also performed well during the quarter. We're excited about the launch of the new Autodesk Simulation family of products, which deliver a faster, more accurate and flexible approach to predicting, optimizing and validating designs earlier in the design process. Our new PLM offering went wide in the quarter as well. Autodesk PLM 360 is our new cloud-based solution designed to transform how customers manage their entire product life cycle. 100% cloud-based, Autodesk PLM 360 was a new generation of PLM that's affordable, easy-to-use and simple to deploy, bringing the benefits of PLM instantly to anyone within the extended enterprise. We've only been in the market for 3 months, but we're thrilled with the current results. We're seeing everything from large enterprise companies who have legacy PLM systems deploy pilot projects to SMB companies who never used PLM before deploy our new service. This truly expands our market opportunity, and we're looking forward to watching this business grow over time. Our AEC business segment performed well on a global basis. We refreshed our AEC suites, which had exceptional growth in Q1. We've added enhancements to our AEC suites, expanded cloud services and improved collaboration and data management tools, aimed at helping design, engineering and construction professionals address today's business challenges with enhanced then workflows. The cloud services I referenced are all part of Autodesk 360, a cloud computing platform that helps users dramatically improve the way project teams design, visualize, simulate and share work. Autodesk 360 offers secure access to project data anytime, anywhere, taking advantage of virtually infinite computing power through a broad range of cloud-based services. Autodesk 360 is now available to all Autodesk Design Suite customers with additional capabilities and greater capacity available to Design Suite customers who purchased an Autodesk subscription. Since the launch of Autodesk 360 cloud services last September, we've had approximately 8 million unique users and among other things, have utilized more than 3 million hours of rendering services. I've mentioned over the past 2 years that we've been moving to increase usage of electronic software delivery. The purpose behind this move is twofold: to improve customer experience and to help us control cost. We are seeing a positive impact on our cost as gross margins improved during the quarter. Additionally, at the end of the first quarter, channel inventory weeks was at a record low of approximately 1 week. A decrease in channel inventory and shippable backlog was expected as a result of our transition to increased use of electronic software delivery. In addition, we completed a reorganization of some of our internal resources, including organizing our sales teams by industry. The changes are intended to better serve our customers and drive future growth. We also made some adjustments to our channel program for FY '13, drawing on best practices from our various geographies. So to wrap things up, we've got a lot accomplished in the first quarter and posted solid overall results. While the macroeconomic environment continues to keep us somewhat cautious, we remain confident with our FY '13 goal of increasing revenue by at least 10% and increasing non-GAAP operating margin by approximately 200 basis points. Operator, we'd now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This is Perry Huang for Heather. I had a question about the business environment and linearity, I guess, particularly for EMEA, the emerging markets and the U.S. Did you notice any change on the part of your customers as you moved to the quarter? For example, their budgets get tighter towards the end versus the beginning. Or did you sense any increase in hesitancy on spend on their part?
Carl Bass: No, Perry, we really didn't see any change in linearity during the quarter. Nothing different than usual and nothing -- despite the varied performance by country, nothing country by country in linearity.
Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got you. And then I guess, given where you stand today and sort of the conversations you're having with customers, how would you characterize customer demand and I guess the business outlook today versus, say, back in August of last year, like concerns around Europe were also in the headlines, are there any noticeable similarities or differences?
Carl Bass: If I had to say anything, in some ways, I'd say it's better. People are more optimistic, and I think partially, it's that people have gotten a little bit immune in the business community less than in the financial community to concerns over Greece, Spain, Portugal, whatever. So I think there's a sense in the business community that people need to drive their businesses forward. And so while a year ago, it was closer to the downturn in the U.S. and seemed scarier. I think the business environment remains one in which people feel like they need to move their business forward. The only thing I'm seeing that is similar, particularly in Europe, there's -- we had a good quarter in the U.S. and I think if anything, the bias there is upwards. In Europe, we're seeing a tightening of credit. And I think it's all -- I mean, that shouldn't be news to anybody if you're reading the newspapers, that the banks are experiencing some amount of trauma.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Carl, just on Europe, you mentioned that it hasn't really felt any different but it obviously caught up to you this quarter. And you had a fairly easy comp on a year-over-year basis. I mean, from your perspective, how long lasting do you think this is, if you have any visibility you could share with us? Do you think this is a shorter-term impact or are you a little more concerned about the longer-term?
Carl Bass: So Brent, one part I agree with you, it's really caught up with us. The one that's different is, I want to tell you, it's a particularly easy compare. We've run a promotion with LT and a number of other things same time last year. So the compare wasn't -- we didn't feel it was particularly easy. To the substance of your question, I don't think I have anything really to add that's not already out there. I'm not sure any of our business results give an indication of anything different than what everybody is talking about. I think, if anything, we just put a finer point on it and reinforce the strength in Northern and Central Europe and the weakness in Southern Europe. The thing that struck me particularly is that we did well in Manufacturing and AEC and that Germany had a record quarter. And so I think you really just see the tale of 2 nations, and I think it's Northern and Southern Europe are just going in divergent directions.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. I guess, on the bottom line you're expecting starting a little bit more -- I don't know if Mark can comment in terms of the expense structure. Were there any one-time event at the beginning of the year that maybe you weren't anticipating that came in, in Q1?
Mark J. Hawkins: Brent, first of all, I would say, no. I mean, I think we are pleased to be able to deliver the plan that we put out there and execute accordingly. So I wouldn't say that there were any things in particular. As you know, we don't guide at a spending level or at an operating margin level for the particular quarter. We focus more on the EPS level. So I think the answer is there's nothing in particular that I would call out to be special.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Returning to the subject of the Europe comp, in terms of the disparity between Germany and non-Germany, first of all, do you do anything differently operationally or on the cost side to respond to these different performances by region within Europe? Or do you let things continue as you had planned before for the year? In addition, still on Europe, do you think that any of the structural changes in the channel over there in the last 6 to 9 months might have had any effect on the ground, in terms of tech data or anybody else going through some of the changes over there, could that have had any effect in addition to the macro effects?
Carl Bass: Yes, so let me just take it backwards. I think the major thing we're seeing is macro effects. On the margin, I think there's many things that we do in our sales execution and channel policies that affects stuff. But I think the major thing -- and as we've seen often, we're a pretty good reflection of what's going on in the economy. As to what we do differently, certainly marginally, there are investments that, for example -- let me a give you a concrete example. The PLM sales force that we continue to build out, we're having great success with our PLM sales. In the plan were headcount slated for Southern Europe, it makes no sense in my mind to go there when there's so much business in the U.S., Germany. As you saw from the results, Japan and Korea did well. So you have other places that are really strong in Manufacturing, and so why not go there instead of go to Southern Europe? So I think when we have incremental decisions to make, the answers are kind of obvious. I think we're taking a more cautious attitude to EMEA as we look to the long term. I really don't know if I'm going to wake up tomorrow and read that the Eurozone is falling apart and Greek is out of it or whether a bank defaults. So what we're doing is taking a more cautious attitude. We've moderated spend in EMEA, and in very specific examples, where it makes much sense, to hire new people in southern Europe or where we have the opportunity to redeploy people from Southern Europe to Northern our Central Europe, we're taking advantage of all of those.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. My follow-up has to do with maintenance. The year-over-year billings increase was a bit light if I were to look at the last 6 months and take into account the upside in Q4, we're still up about 10%. So maybe you could just walk us through the billings performance, the maintenance in Q1, what your thoughts are for the balance of the year? And now that the new suites from last year are, in fact, 1 year old, are you beginning to see the renewals for the 2011 suites?
Carl Bass: Yes, let me answer a little bit and then I'll ask Mark to jump in. I mean, one of the things that we have seen is from some of the channel practices, and we did roll out a new channel partner framework, is we did see some of the business move into Q4, there are incentives in place for our partners and our customers. So I think we saw some there. And I think the view you were taking is a better one of blending it over a period of time, to better analyze it, as I often say, rather than look at one quarter, it's better to look over time. And we're really happy with where our Maintenance billings are without wider lens.
Mark J. Hawkins: I completely agree. And Jeff, I think you're completely on it. When you take a look at the -- both Q1 of '13 and Q4 of '12, and you look at the average Maintenance billings of around 10% and you look at the exact same kind of reference point a year earlier, it's around 10%. We're pleased. It's exactly as Carl described, it's just a normalization while we have implemented these big changes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brendon Barnicle with Pacific Crest Securities.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Carl, you touched on in your comments that you saw re-acceleration in both the AEC business and the Manufacturing business on a year-over-year growth basis. And you mentioned suites. Were there any other factors that were driving that acceleration?
Carl Bass: I think the big one is suites. I think that's what's really driving that, I think, in each of the industries. Manufacturing has held together relatively well. Our customers are continuing to invest. Suites, higher ASPs are all contributing in there. There is certainly a moderately improved construction environment around the world and we're seeing the benefit of that. As I've said, as we've walked through this transition from 2D modeling all the way to BIM, the adoption of BIM is inevitable now. People are doing it, as they see new projects come on, we're seeing increased mandates from governments around the world for building information modeling as a standard deliverable. So I think we have a lot of secular factors in each of the industries. I was really pleased to see both those businesses do well.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Great. And then focusing on something other than Europe, the emerging markets. Any changes? I mean, you mentioned that you know you could do better there. Any personal changes or channel changes that are going on in that market, or, for that matter, in the medium product line, as well, to kind of address some of the execution issues you saw there?
Carl Bass: Yes, so a number of things. So first of all, let me just give you the backdrop. I think I say this every 90 days, is that the emerging markets are always more volatile. And so we just have to remember that. Having said that, I was definitely disappointed. We had made personnel changes already. We had some other structural changes in place. There's also an effect of our overall sales reorganization. We're working hard on it but in some ways, we'll watch it as it develops this quarter. I think we've made a substantial number of changes and understand what we're doing, but we're going to watch it closely. I don't see anything systemic. I think this is more of an acute issue.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: And anything on the Media side, sort of the same question?
Carl Bass: Oh, the Media? The Media and Entertainment business was a little bit more one of -- we've got a bunch of bad bounces in some ways. One of our hardware vendors pushed out the release of their product, selling our Creative Finishing products on that is -- once there's a new product announced, nobody wants to buy our product on their old products. Because of the way the industry works, we went to market with Smoke for the Mac. It's getting rave reviews. People are highly anticipating it. But it has certainly frozen sales to some degree. And then the third thing I mentioned a little bit is we do expect our reported revenue in M&E to go down somewhat as some of that functionality is incorporated into the design suites. So there are a number of things there. We've made a number of changes. We're on top of what's going on. In some ways, it's an interesting quarter. And if I told you, well, the Americas and Japan we're going to do well, Manufacturing, AEC we're going to do well, I would have never imagined that there was a conspiracy amongst these other -- these smaller parts of our business to make the results less than perfect.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gregg Moskowitz with Cowen.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Carl, I was wondering if you could just comment on the large deal activity on the quarter both on a broad basis as well as via major geo?
Carl Bass: Yes, the large deals continue to be up. We made an investment in our major account sales force a couple of years ago. We continue to invest in that. We see really good returns from it. And large deal activity was about double, I think.
Mark J. Hawkins: That's exactly right.
Carl Bass: So double -- double what we saw the year before.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Got it. And then just as a follow-up, how are hiring trends over the past 90 days -- or the past quarter, rather? And how are you thinking about net adds over the balance of fiscal '13 at this point?
Carl Bass: Yes, I mean, as we've seen the turmoil in Europe, we've slowed down our hiring. What we've really limit it to -- I mean, we don't want to compromise future growth so there are key places, for example, I already mentioned PLM sales force in places like the U.S. and Germany. We want to continue to expand that, our sales efforts in Simulation and in BIM. They're paying good rewards, we want to continue. We've definitely slowed down hiring and I feel like we're tapping on the brakes, or it's one foot on the gas, one foot on the brakes is maybe the appropriate driving metaphor. But we're definitely being more cautious not only with hiring but spending in general. And that's why we're able to sit here and kind of reiterate guidance for the year, but it's definitely with some adjustments to the spending plan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Daniel Morrison - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: This is actually Dan Morrison in for Phil. Can you just give a little bit more detail on how business has been trending in the commercial construction vertical? And then whether you've seen any major changes with your customers?
Carl Bass: Like I said, I think the bias in commercial construction is up. Certainly, in the U.S. and Japan, there are definitely more construction starts, more projects being funded. Some of the things that were going on in the United States around financing, that seems to have lifted. So I don't think any of our construction customers would say it's a booming economy. But they've certainly all adjusted their business, and the business is expanding and they're investing.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I'd like to ask on EMEA what your expectations are for the second half of the year? Are you expecting that, that business improves?
Carl Bass: Our guidance for the year contemplates not knowing what's going on in Europe. So I would say it a little bit more clearly is, we assume it's not going to be much different than what we've seen so far in kind of the trend we've been under. Should it worsen, we'll take appropriate measures. Should it improve, there'll be upside to what we're doing now. But we're not really expecting any difference. And I certainly don't -- I don't have any crystal ball that I think any of you don't have. But I'm certainly not expecting it in the next 90 days. I think given the usual things that go on in Europe during the summer, given the results of 2 elections and the upcoming negotiations, I don't think we're going to see much change in the business environment.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: So if we look at the Manufacturing business and the AEC business growing 16% and 18%, yet the suite growth within those, one was in AEC up 51% and in the Manufacturing business up 16%. I just wonder, what is the strength in suites and AEC? What is the color going on there?
Carl Bass: Well, I mean, one of the things you have is that when -- some of it is a direct shift from individual products to suites, and that is the biggest effect that you're seeing. So the majority of what you're seeing going on is that.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: And just real quickly, on the platform solutions business, was that slower at all in the United States or Asia Pac?
Carl Bass: On the Manufacturing business?
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I'm talking about the platform solution in emerging businesses market. Was there any weakness or slowing in the United States, let's say, in that business?
Carl Bass: Nothing dramatic.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: So my question is actually, I guess, following-on, on Steve's. In looking at a 2Q guide that if you look at the midpoint of the guidance range, I believe, it calls for about 8% total revenue growth. You guys are still confident seeing growth for 10% for the year, which would seem to imply something like a re-acceleration to the back half of the year. So I guess the more pointed question is, what gives you confidence in that ability to, basically, reaccelerate off of 2Q into the back half of the year? Is there anything in the pipeline or kind of what you're seeing from a buyer perspective that gives you confidence of that boost?
Carl Bass: Yes, I mean, what I'm assuming for the back half of the year is some of the changes that we made will actually have an impact. Certainly, we slowed down our businesses in certain places, and, like I said, a couple of things bounced the wrong way in the quarter. But generally speaking, the most important countries and our most important markets are growing well and we see the bias on them upwards. And so that's why I feel confident about it. Maybe Mark wants to add something?
Mark J. Hawkins: I agree with Carl's comments. And keep in mind, we did grow 11% in Q1. And also, the thing I think about that Carl underscored at the onset, is we've just got some major changes implemented that we actually feel really position us well for the long term. So that's a good thing to have behind us as well.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. So 2Q slowing down from 11% to the 8% at the midpoint of your guidance, does that mean there's still transitions taking place as some of these changes take effect?
Mark J. Hawkins: I think what you should think about is just we're looking at the year and the commitment for the year at 10% plus in revenue growth and approximately 200 basis points in operating margin. And we always talk about, Keith, it's not going to be a perfectly linear kind of spread sheet effect. We've looked at a number of different facts and circumstances, and we think there's a range of guidance we put out and we feel like that probably...
Carl Bass: Yes, I mean, if you put Q1 and Q2 together, and then you look at Q3 and Q4, it's not very far off, linear growth.
Mark J. Hawkins: And we also...
Carl Bass: And I wish, with thousands of transactions, we could be more predictable, but that's pretty good.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Got it. And if I could sneak in one last one, and you talked about a really good growth in your large deals. And there's one in particular that you guys called out in a press release with Balfour Beatty, which was a large transaction, I think 3 years, $12 million. But in the press release, you noted it was a first of its kind. I was wondering if you could give us a little bit more color of what made this a first of its kind type transaction in the quarter?
Carl Bass: I think you read the press release more closely than I did. Seriously. I mean, I would actually take a slightly different point of view. I mean, Balfour Beatty is a great customer but it looks like many of the other deals that we've been doing with large construction firms, it looks very similar to a number of the big deals we've done in the last couple of years. Large firms, consolidating their positions, growing their market share outside their core markets, we being able to service them globally, it has lots of the characteristics that we see from our large construction companies as well as large E&C firms all around the world. So I wouldn't have thought of it as a particularly atypical deal.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Davis with Canaccord.
Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: So on the cloud PLM product, does that offer kind of a high level of product data management functionality? Or possibly kind of a derivative question off of that is, if I were a potential customer, could I buy your cloud PLM as a project management layer and maybe then link that into other firms that did, frankly, more gnarly back-end data management effort, so not to diminish what you have, but maybe that would be a quick way to...
Carl Bass: So let me just remind you, one of the things we've done is, with our cloud PLM, we've done in the cloud the parts of PLM, the business process, the workflow that has been historically the promise of PLM. On the PDM side, we actually have a very capable product called Autodesk Vault. If I was to guess, there's probably more data stored in Autodesk Vault than in any of the other PDM systems around. We have more customers. We have more data in it than almost anything else on the market. So we have that. We still believe the product data management thing is probably more appropriate for almost all of our customers behind the firewall. Because it's for work in process with engineering teams. So we actually have a capable one. Having said that, the PLM thing, we believe that the right deployment for PLM, the truly name PLM is on the cloud. And our PLM system will work whether the data is stored in Autodesk Vault, whether it's stored in another so-called PLM system or anywhere else. One of the interesting things as we brought this to market and talked to many of the analysts, in some ways, there's been a little bit of -- people who follow the industry, having been hoodwinked by the PLM vendors. The vast majority of PLM that's been sold and successfully deployed is really a PDM system. The PLM was a name that they put on top of it to make it sound more important, more enterprise-wide. But really, what was being sold was PDM. And so I feel really good about our capabilities in PDM, and I'm even more excited about what we're going to do with PLM because I think it's really the first time ever that there's a solution out there that answers the question of managing Manufacturing processes.
Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Got it, that makes sense. Well, you just need to rename you Vault to Big Data and then that's...
Carl Bass: Exactly. If I can rename our Vault to Big Data and I could get a valuation like Pinterest on something else, Autodesk will be worth like a billion dollars.
Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: Right. Yes. Then you're off to the races at that point...
Carl Bass: Exactly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: With the strength in the AEC suites up 51%, was there something in particular in this version that is accelerating the switch to the suite? And as that grows, how you do you look at the sustainability, or maybe was there some pent-up demand there?
Carl Bass: No, we moved customers only this time, just like we had done with Inventor last year. But there's real traction in the suites. It is, by far, the most attractive offering for our customers. It will not stay at 51% at all. That's not a reasonable terminal run rate. But we were really pleased. I think, also, what we finally did is we brought together some of the things that we've been working on for a while. So not to get too down into the weaves but as an example, our Revit products used to be separate. So whether you're doing mechanical, electrical, plumbing or structural, we've brought that together into a single product and put that in the suites. We've put in some of the other products that's around it and made for a more complete workflow. And we worked on making sure that the products really met the interoperability needs of our customers. So by doing all of that, it's really a very attractive offering. And as I've said before, I think the majority, if not vast majority, of our AEC customers over time will move to suites.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: One follow-up. On the Media and Entertainment, you mentioned a couple of factors that was hitting it. How should we think about the longer term? As you get past those couple of near-term items, how should we think about the Media and Entertainment segment in terms of growth?
Carl Bass: I think you should see a return to historic levels. I fully expect our hardware partner to ship their hardware next quarter. You may see a little impact until Smoke for the Mac comes out in Q3. I'm hoping to see a little bump there. We have huge pent-up demand for Smoke on the Mac. I mean, we've really kind of changed the offering and changed the price point. It was kind of extreme but highly attractive to the market. So we'll see how that plays out in Q3. But certainly, by then, any unevenness will -- should have been moderated.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Walter Pritchard with Citigroup.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Carl, I'm wondering if you could talk about some of the pricing changes that you've made. We've seen some of the promotional materials out to the channel and to your customers about some of the deadlines coming up here, and just wondering how we should expect that to roll through the business as we move into the July and quarter and beyond?
Carl Bass: I think you'll continue to see some pricing changes. I don't think there's anything extreme. I don't think you'll see anything radical. In some ways -- the 2 things to look at, and it sounds like, Walter, you were doing both. There are 2 important things to look at. One is what the pricing changes are and not on a per-unit price but on the overall channel framework. I think that certainly influences our partners' behavior. And then secondarily, what we do for these kind of point promotions. What goes on. I don't see any unusual activity around promotions. I think you'll see the usual promotions and you'll probably see the usual, but not consistent across the portfolio, price increases this year as well.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Got it. And then just a question on margins. Your guidance for the year is clear with 200 basis points. And I guess, as we think beyond this year, not specifically looking for a number here, but if I compare your business model to some of your peers in software, your R&D spending, that's creeping into the mid-20s, seems to be high relative to the group. And I'm wondering, as you get beyond this year, do you start to have to bring that number down to be able to continue to expand your margins?
Mark J. Hawkins: We'll probably have to at least cap it where it is in order to do it. But let me remind you of a couple of things and then tell you a little bit about some of the factors that go into the R&D spend. We spend a lot of time looking at this number, and, actually, we've dug deep with some of our peers. We spent a lot of time benchmarking. And one of the things to do is it's very interesting to compare us to people who sell primarily through a channel versus those who sell direct. Because if you look and if you take our percentage of R&D over our total revenue, as compared to our R&D over end-user spend, the overall end-user spend by our customers is probably about twice of what our revenue is. So if a company does everything direct, those numbers are way off. As I indicated, it could be off by as much as a factor of 2. If you limit the group more to the peer companies that sell through the channel, then I still think we're at the high end of the range but it's much more normal. The reason that I think it's important, we're going through a fairly important transition where we think there's a bunch of opportunity, and this is primarily around social, mobile and cloud. And while I think we can continue to invest in R&D and make steady progress to our promise goal of 30% operating margins, we don't want to forgo the opportunity and kind of be left on the desktop as the entire world moves to social, mobile and the cloud. So it's a constant balancing act. Those are some of the factors that weigh into it. And maybe that gives a little bit more clarity in how we're thinking about this.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: But comparison to like an Adobe, it's probably balanced?
Carl Bass: Adobe is very fair, unfortunately.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross MacMillan with Jefferies.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: I wanted to go back to the maintenance billings again. And I think you mentioned that it make sense for us to look on a blended basis rather than at the 1% growth in the quarter. But the question I have to that is, given the strength in Maintenance billings growth last year in the high teens, almost 20% level, and now thinking about it blended, more at 10%, how would you have us think about kind of how this may play out this year? Is the 10% number more accurate than the closer to 20%? How would have us think about that Maintenance billings growth this year? And then I have a follow-up.
Carl Bass: I mean -- oh, this is Ross, sorry. Ross, I mean, we don't usually guide at that level, but if I -- indications, I'd be on the high side of 10% -- I'd be closer to the high side of 10% than the low side of 20%.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then related to that then. Obviously, you saw Maintenance billings strength last year, especially as you're selling suites and you're going to capture more of that revenue this year through the tail on Maintenance on the suites. Is there anything that's changing around either renewal rates or attach rates? And I guess I'm just curious to whether you -- because you made notice something along those lines in the prepared remarks. Anything that we should be thinking about in terms of how you envisage customers reacting to what are clearly higher maintenance rates as they move to suites?
Mark J. Hawkins: So one of the things I would say to you, Ross, is that if you look at our attach rates and you compare them on a year-on-year basis, really, no change to speak of, we're pleased with what we're seeing with the attach rates. In terms of our renewals as well, I think we've got a really solid performance in the renewals. And I would call out to you that, again, they're higher than pre-recession levels. I mean, we're getting good traction on that, long term. So and as far as anything in particular with suites, we're doing the anniversary-ing of a lot of our suite introductions, so we're going to continue to see the renewal rates. But thus far, I think things look solid.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Steve Koenig with Longbow Research.
Steven R. Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: I've got one for Mark and then one for Carl. Mark, starting with you, I was surprised at the amount of year-on-year currency tailwind you got this quarter, I think it was maybe 2 points or so to get to that 11% revenue growth. Could you give us any help with what your assumptions are regarding the currency/hedging impact in Q2 built into your guidance?
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes. One of the things that we don't get into particulars on is the actual FX rates and such that we lock down on. But the one thing I can give you color on and just to kind of reiterate, is that we do a 4-quarter layered hedge, and we hedge our exposures not only for revenue but also deferred revenue and such. And so we look at the full equation. And the closer you are, for example, in the current quarter, like for example when we give guidance, we're mostly hedged. And as you go out 4 quarters out, it's less hedged. So that's the -- more of the kind of the dynamic process that we use. But in terms of particular rates, we don't typically share that. But I think you've called out the tailwind for Q1 appropriately.
Steven R. Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. All right. And then Carl, for you, maybe what I'd like to do here is just drill down a little bit on the changes in terms of the sales organization internally and the channel program. Could you maybe give us -- drill down and give us a little color on how the verticalization in the sales organization might help you going forward? What the timing of that might be? Where will it show up? And secondly, in terms of the channel, what kind of impact do you expect from the new global rebate program? Positive or negative? Short term, long term? And were there any other major changes that -- aspects to that program that you changed in Q1?
Carl Bass: Yes, what we really changed with the sales organization is, as opposed to the primary way of organizing had been historically geographical, we moved to one based on industry. And what we were seeing is that a manufacturing customer in Germany and one in Japan had more in common than a construction company and a Media and Entertainment company in Germany did. And it only makes sense, given the size of our business, to move there. Also increasingly, our customers are larger, they're more global, they want to be serviced by us in a way that made sense, and it was starting to strain some of the organizational boundaries. So I think we'll do a better job servicing our customers by being organized this way, better job of bringing our products to market. That actually funnels down to our channel partners. And generally, just keeping up with the trends that we've talked about for a long time, which is giving more access to more of our products to more of our channel partners. We always -- a manufacturing customer, for example, could be someone who buys our manufacturing products, our AEC products or Media and Entertainment products. And we felt increasingly, it didn't make sense for them to have to go to multiple channel partners to do that. So we've been on a process to open up access to more of our channel partners. Other changes we made internally are important for us, I don't think they mean a whole lot to the rest of the world. But suffice to say, it's a fair amount of work reorganizing internally and getting everything lined up, both from the finances, the quotas, everything like that. So there have been a lot of people who have worked awfully hard to get this all lined up and do it in a short time frame of both closing out the year and getting us lined up for Q1.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: Appreciate the color on some of the early cloud PLM success and realizing it is early, I wonder if you can give us a few more details on some of the enterprise pilots. I guess, in particular, maybe which verticals, early feedback. And then I guess, is there any indication that any of these guys would potentially reduce their spend on traditional PLM?
Carl Bass: Yes, there are definitely 2 classes of customers. The patterns are starting to emerge. We've been in beta for a while, but the product, just to remind everyone, the product released on February 29. So we're barely 2.5 months into selling it. The 2 categories that are emerging, and I gave a little bit of indication of this, is the high end of small- and medium-sized businesses that have wanted PLM, may not be able to afford PLM, or really couldn't get it implemented well enough under their budgets. It was too complex, it was -- it just didn't fit what they needed. So that's one class. The second one is the enterprise ones, which in some of these are much more interesting in that the customer already understands PLM, they understand the limitations of the traditional kind of big iron systems and know what they want to do. And what I would say is, we have not replaced a single one yet. Almost all of the work inside the enterprise at this point are pilot projects. They're pilots where one of 2 things, they have a critical area where they want to see if this is a way that a new kind of deployment will fit their needs or the other one is probably slightly more typical, they do not want to extend their use of the traditional PLM systems. They don't know how to remove them, but they don't want to spend more and they're not going to extend their use within the enterprise, and they want to find another way to do that. And so we're seeing lots of places, departments, functions, processes, where PLM, the traditional PLM was never implemented, or more likely have failed one or multiple times. And they see the advantage to do this. The very interesting part of the color commentary is, I just met with our sales team around PLM this morning, and the customers are very clear about what they want to deploy for them. When we go in and talk to them, they're very clear about a very specific problem in which the traditional systems have proved inadequate, and they know exactly what they want to pilot it on. And so we're helping them do that. And 3 months from now, we'll be able to give you a lot more info.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: That's very helpful. Then maybe a quick follow-up for Mark. And Mark, I know you guys don't guide the individual components of revenue, license and maintenance. But given the Q2 guide, which I assume would imply license revenue, flat to down slightly sequentially. Have your assumptions for sort of the full-year 10% or better revenue growth changed from when you initially offered it? Or is this still progressing sort of as you expected based off the initial guidance?
Mark J. Hawkins: I think it's pretty much as we expected. There's always little moderations here or there. But by and large, I think the plan has been the plan, and we're driving to it.
Carl Bass: The plan -- I agree with Mark, the plan is the plan. On the other hand, I would have never expected the particular mix of business and geography we saw in Q1. In Q4, you can talk to me all day long, and I never would have guessed so strong in certain places -- so strong in Japan, that didn't seem so likely, so strong in both Manufacturing and AEC. So I wouldn't have expected the exact mix that we got. And if anything surprised us this quarter, it was really that.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] At this time, there are no further questions. I would like to turn the call back over to Dave Gennarelli, Director of Investor Relations.
David Gennarelli: Thanks. And as a reminder, we're going to be holding our Investor Day at the NASDAQ market site on June 19. Please e-mail me if you're interested in attending that. We will also be at the NASDAQ Conference in London on June 26. If you have any follow-up questions, you can reach me at (415) 507-6033. Thanks for joining us. Bye.
Operator: This concludes today's First Quarter Fiscal Year 2013 Earnings Conference Call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q4  (2012-02-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Gennarelli -  Carl Bass - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Mark J. Hawkins - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Brendan Barnicle Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Daniel T. Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Dennis Simson - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Steven R. Koenig - Longbow Research LLC Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good afternoon. My name is Misty, and I'll be your conference operator today. At this time, I would like to welcome everyone to the Autodesk Fourth Quarter Fiscal Year 2012 Financial Results Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the call over to Dave Gennarelli, Director, Investor Relations. You may proceed.
David Gennarelli: Thanks, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss the results of our fourth quarter of fiscal 2012. Joining me today are Carl Bass, our Chief Executive Officer; and Mark Hawkins, our Chief Financial Officer. Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. As noted in our press release, we have published our prepared remarks on our website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments, and we will not repeat them on this call. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the future performance of the company, such as our guidance for the first quarter and full year fiscal 2013 and long-term financial model guidance, the factors we use to estimate our guidance, new product and suite releases and expected growth rates, certain future strategic transactions, business prospects and financial results, our market opportunities and strategies and trends in sales initiatives for our products and trends in various geographies and industries. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us, and that these actual results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time to time with the SEC, specifically our Form 10-K for the fiscal year 2011; our forms 10-Q for the periods ending April 30, July 31 and October 31, 2011; and our periodic 8-K filings, including the 8-K filed with today's press release and prepared remarks. Those documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during this call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today's call, but will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of the GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today's press release, prepared remarks and on the Investor Relations section of the website. We will quote a number of numeric or growth changes as we discuss our financial performance. And unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Carl Bass.
Carl Bass: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. We started FY '12 with a target of 10% revenue growth and 200 basis point operating margin improvement. Despite some economic turbulence, through consistent execution, we finished FY '12 with 14% revenue growth, 260 basis points of margin improvement and 32% growth in EPS. This is strong growth, particularly on the heels of our FY '11 results of 14% revenue growth, 480 basis point operating margin improvement and 33% growth in EPS, capping the year with a strong performance in the fourth quarter.  Fourth quarter revenue was driven by growth across all of our major geographies, with particular strength in Americas. All of our businesses performed well, driven by demand for our suites. We achieved record results in several areas, and we made solid progress in advancing our operating margin and EPS. There were several areas of notable growth and achievement during the quarter, including 12% growth in total revenue; 25% growth in total suites revenue; 18% growth in revenue from commercial new licenses; record revenue levels in AEC, Manufacturing and the Americas; record maintenance billings in deferred revenue; 360 basis point improvement in non-GAAP operating margin; 31% growth in non-GAAP EPS; and solid cash flow from operations. In addition to strong financial performance, we made substantial progress on many of our key initiatives in the fourth quarter. We launched our new design and creation suites almost a full year ago now. We believe the new suites deliver a tremendous amount of value and functionality, and we've been pleased with the customer reception and uptake to date. We're especially pleased with the adoption of our specialty plant and factory design suites and how they're opening up new industry opportunities for us.  I've talked to you before about the investments we've made in direct sales to elevate our presence within major accounts around the world. We experienced continued success in this past year, culminating with a record 36 transactions that exceeded $1 million in the fourth quarter. We also had a record number of $1 million transactions for FY '12, increasing 24% over the last year. Much like our overall business, these large transactions extended across all of our business segments and geographies. We also continued to see our investment in the government vertical payoff. We won some high profile contracts with large federal and international agencies. We recently closed deals with the Brazil National Department of Transportation Infrastructure and the New Mexico Department of Transportation. In only 2 short years, we have won 6 state DOTs, and we believe that we can further expand our business in this sector. We also continued to expand our business in Manufacturing. Our digital prototyping and simulation products for Manufacturing are winning accounts that have long been the domain of legacy technology providers. We're seeing particular success with consumer product manufacturers that are using our solutions to conceptualize, design, simulate and visualize their products. We're the only company that can provide the spectrum of interoperable tools, saving them precious time and energy in the development cycle for fast-moving markets. We're excited about our next major release in just a few short weeks. In addition to launching new additions of many of our current products and suites, we'll officially debut our PLM offering. We view the PLM market as a $3 billion opportunity to disrupt and democratize. Our new cloud-based solution is designed to transform how manufacturers manage their entire product life cycle.  Being 100% cloud-based, Autodesk PLM 360 marks a new generation of PLM and is affordable, easy-to-use and simple to deploy, bringing the benefits of PLM instantly to anyone within the extended enterprise. Since we announced our plans for PLM 360 at Autodesk University, companies of all sizes have been piloting this next-generation cloud-based alternative, from small companies eager to deploy PLM for the first time to large enterprises that have become disenchanted by existing legacy PLM systems.  Customers are currently using PLM 360 to solve a large number of business problems, including project management, RFQ for suppliers, manufacturing time and cost estimating, customer list management, customer service management, billing materials and change management. PLM 360 offers significantly new functionality and deployment options for our customers. To us, it represents a very large pool of potential new users and significantly extends our presence in the manufacturing market. On the other end of the spectrum from large deal and PLM is our budding consumer business. We continue to broaden our consumer offerings in FY '12. And our consumer portfolio now includes dozens of products across multiple platforms, including Windows, Mac, iOS, Android and online. What's really amazing is how the number of users of these products has exploded over the past 18 months to over 50 million. This represents a tremendous branding opportunity in the near-term and long-term revenue potential. Another key initiative to help control costs and improve customer experience is to increase the use of electronic delivery of new licenses in most developed countries. In advance of this action, we reduced the amount of inventory in the channel over the past 2 quarters by approximately $13 million in total. Channel inventory now stands at a historic low of approximately one week. Over time, we expect to phase in electronic download of new licenses in emerging countries as well. In addition to an unwavering focus on improving our products and delivering more value to our customers, we simultaneously look for ways to improve the efficiency of our organization. We've recently realigned some of our internal resources, including organizing our sales teams by industry. We believe this will unlock salespeople from geographical restrictions and leverage their expertise on a global basis. The changes are intended to better serve our customers and drive future growth. We've also made some adjustments to our channel program for FY '13, drawing on best practices from our various geographies. For example, we're making it easier for our partners to sell our full portfolio of products by expanding product access. We've expanded our deal registration program on a global basis to drive both increased service and growth. And we've globally aligned our incentives program, which encourage partner investment and specialization and continuous customer satisfaction improvements. We've received positive feedback on these changes to date, and we're confident these enhancements will positively affect our global channel partners. Overall, we believe our progress in each of these important initiatives positions us better as we enter FY '13. So to wrap things up, the fourth quarter was another strong quarter, capping what was a terrific year of consistency and growth for Autodesk. We're confident in our ability to deliver continued double-digit growth in FY '13 as we focus on our 5-year targets of 12% to 14% revenue CAGR and operating margins of at least 30%. And finally, I want to thank our employees and partners for their outstanding efforts and essential role in delivering these great results. Operator, we'd now like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Carl, I had to go back in the model quite a ways to look for that type of growth out of the Americas region. I was wondering if you could drill down in terms of what you're seeing and kind of how you view the sustainability of that growth? And the actual question, will that help drag Europe along in a couple of quarters as well? And I had one quick follow-up.
Carl Bass: Yes, sure. Yes, it was certainly a pleasure to see the Americas grow at that rate, Brent. And I think what we're seeing has been a slow steady build. I mean, it doesn't feel like it's over-the-top. It just feels like it's been growing. We saw the turnaround kind of start 1.5 years ago, almost 2 years ago, and it's just been building. And I do think we saw a little bit of reflection a bit this quarter of a different mix than certainly what we might have anticipated. And as we went into the planning for next year, I think the mix will be slightly different and I think Americas will continue to do well. I think Asia will do well. I think there are still question marks about what's going on in Europe as you well know.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay. And just real quick on the realignment around the industry. In your view, how does disruptive -- is that going to take a while for this to settle in? Or do you view it more of a tweak and we shouldn't anticipate any major big changes in the field?
Carl Bass: I think for the industry realignment, which is really about our direct salespeople, which again, first of all, is only a fraction of our business. It's less than 20% of our businesses that way. I think it will improve the effectiveness of that sales force over time. We're giving them more products to sell. We're basically going on saying, go to the manufacturing company. And whether they're looking for tools for product development, looking for PLM tools or looking for tools to build their factory, we can give you all those different tools and service that account more effectively. Probably the bigger change -- and so I don't think it's going to be a big deal. And many of the people who do that job everyday who are doing it, they have to really tweak their offering. They have just a little bit bigger portfolio of products to sell. What I'm more excited about is extending those changes to our channel partners and allowing our channel partners to sell more of the portfolio. For some of them, it's not a big deal. For others, they've had to go to unnatural acts when a customer want something but they haven't been authorized to sell it. And now just having broader access, as well as the tools to manage that, I think are important.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: So it feels like AEC is really taking a nice step-up on Manufacturing, which seems to be the early improvement area for you. It's doing well but cooled off. I'm just wondering, when we look at Manufacturing and suite adoption as we move forward, should we see some re-acceleration or has it kind of reached a steady-state in terms of what you're thinking out of the growth for Manufacturing?
Carl Bass: Like I often find myself saying on these calls, I wouldn't take too much out of one quarter. Manufacturing has held up -- I mean, held up well through the downturn. It's the market for us that held up best. Coming out of it, it's been strong all the way through. I don't see this as a trend. I'm very excited about what we're seeing in the Manufacturing accounts. I think our competitive position has never been stronger. And I think it's really a combination of what we have to offer, including the new PLM offerings, and a little bit stumbling by some of our competitors. And so I think it's a nice thing. I think you'll see good growth in Manufacturing continuing through the next year.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay. And one follow-up. When you look at the suites, you have the different flavors, the more expensive, more robust and then more of an entry-level. What's the experience now that you're another quarter in with them in terms of where the customer is gravitating in terms of their buying?
Carl Bass: I think our expectation going into this was that we were targeting people to buy the middle tier suite. That was really the intention all along. We've seen a little bit more buying at the high end than we originally planned for. More people are buying that top-tier suite than we had originally imagined.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brendan Barnicle with Pacific Crest Securities.
Brendan Barnicle: Carl, I wanted to follow-up on that Brazil win that you had on the stateside. Does that -- on the public sector side. Does that then get you into the individual states in Brazil as well, and is there multiplier effect around that like you've seen in North America with the individual states here?
Carl Bass: In every one, I think there are 2 effects, one that you mentioned, Brendan, and then the other. I mean, one is, government agencies tend to look to other government agencies for guidance in what tools. There's nothing like a customer reference coming from another DOT or from the state DOTs looking at the federal. That's a really important thing. But probably an even bigger effect is that many of these organizations, while they are large engineering organization, the bulk of their work is done by the private sector. So they -- and in many cases, they either really mandate particular tools or they highly recommend tools, and so you get the ecosystem to use the tool. So the combination of both customer reference, as well as the spill-on effect of the ecosystem adopting the tools, are both really good things. I'll say even in like the New Mexico DOT, each of these agencies certainly evaluates these things for their own needs. But it sure helps when they're able to look at a similar kind of agency and look at their peers and understand what it took to adopt it, what the changes were in bringing in new technology and then, of course, what the benefits in return on investment was.
Brendan Barnicle: Great. And then -- and Mark, just following up on that net maintenance billings number up 18%, which is what I had up last quarter as well. It's had nice acceleration. Can that accelerate further from here or is this sort of where it tops at because you're starting to get some tougher comparisons, I think, going forward?
Mark J. Hawkins: Well, we're certainly pleased with the 18% for sure and I -- we don't guide to billings per se, but we're definitely happy with that. We like the product offering. And probably, I'll just kind of leave it at that, but we were certainly pleased to see that transpire, Brendan.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Carl, following up on your comments earlier about managing the inventory down and electronic delivery. Could we foresee that at some point, the company will evolve it's model to sell-through revenue recognition or activation of license-type revenue recognition as one or 2 of your peers have?
Carl Bass: Yes. That's exactly the direction we've been headed. We would like -- we've always said we'd like to get to a sell-through model. And we're not there yet. We don't have all the things that we need.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. That's not encompassed in this year's guidance then, just sort of a clarification?
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes, just -- I mean, just jump in there and say that, that's correct. We -- again, we talked about the channel being down approximately to a week. It's very close. It's very close to that. But right now, we have like emerging markets and LTs that are not -- they're still going to have some channel inventory there. But eventually, as Carl said, we're going right to that, but that's not factored into the guidance for this particular year, that last week. We'll just to continue improve. And over time, you'll see that happen.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Walter Pritchard with Citigroup.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: I'm wondering if you could talk about emerging markets. It looks like it was about 16% of revenue and growing in line with the small companies. And just curious if you could give us a little bit more detail inside that metric and specifically, if you'd expect in your long-term plan that 12% to 14%, if emerging markets needs to grow faster than the overall to hit those ranges long term?
Mark J. Hawkins: Sure. Let me jump in on this. In terms of the emerging market, one of the things -- to give you a little bit more color, we were pleased with the growth overall. One of the stars -- we don't quote on all the different countries, but Russia, for example, was very strong, both in the quarter and for the year. That would be one example. But we had good broad-based growth in the emerging markets. We believe, although it's choppy by quarter, any particular quarter, it can get to a little bit lumpy from that standpoint. But over time, we always see that as a leader and will lead growth faster than the average growth in the company there, so that's certainly what we would expect in FY '13 and beyond.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Ashley from Robert W. Baird.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: I would just like to drill down on the AEC business. The assumption, I guess, is that the U.S. was probably very strong. But could you comment on how the AEC business was in Asia Pac and EMEA, and what your kind of outlook is for the business in those markets?
Carl Bass: Yes, it certainly was strong in the U.S., and we were seeing some form of recovery in the AEC market in the United States. We've really hit the tipping point with BIM or building information modeling. I mean, we've hit the point where there's huge amount of demand from owners. It's being mandated by government agencies. And as we've always talked about, the drivers -- to a large extent, the place where most of the money is spent is in the construction part of AEC. And what we've seen around the world definitely differential rates. But worldwide, we're seeing the adoption of BIM technology. And so for example, historically, Japan has been a laggard with respect to the adoption of technology. They've been primarily doing 2D technology in AEC. And just in the last year, we've seen the leading firms, the genecoms [ph] in Japan all adopt BIM technology. So that's a dramatic change that, again, like I talked about before, has a huge spillover effect for the entire industry. And I've said it before, say it again, it's no longer a question of if, but really of when people will be doing 3D modeling and simulation and visualization in AEC. And so I think we're just in the sweet spot of the adoption. Certainly, the macroeconomics in each of these countries affects it on a quarterly basis. But if you kind of stand back and squint, you can just see broad adoption of a new way of doing business.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Mark, I was wondering could you comment on the outlook for FX, and I understand you guys have a rolling hedge. If currency rates stay about where they are, are we looking at an impact to revenue in the coming first quarter? Any guidance or comment you can make around that?
Mark J. Hawkins: Sure. Let me just speak to it. The first quarter, in a way, you're absolutely right in terms of the rolling hedge. In the first quarter, things are pretty well locked in the way rolling hedge works. As you get closer and closer to the current quarter, you step up the amount of your hedge and it becomes quite firm in the planning. So we pretty well have that locked in. We don't expect to see anything really different there based on the hedges that we have in place. And then as you get further out in the year, we're less hedged. And so for example, by Q4, we have a small fraction of the year hedged, and then we'll just layer it up to nearly complete hedge when you get to the end quarter. So FX has been fully comprehended in our guidance for Q1 for sure. And we've factored in the hedging that we do have, the more limited hedging for the rest of the year into our guidance, plus normal assumptions. Hopefully, that helps.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Davis with Canaccord.
Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: So Carl, unlike just about every other design software company, you have an enormous installed base into which you can upgrade and sell new modules and things like that. Meanwhile, every public company I hear says they're gaining market share. So that kind of reminds me of the school teacher who says every kid is above average. But in any case, how do you think about the relative contribution of your go-forward growth of sales into installed base versus selling to new customers?
Carl Bass: First of all, I'm chuckling a little bit because in many ways, market share is so easy to calculate. I don't know why all of you deal with it as this anecdotal thing of allowing people to say, "I'm gaining market share or I'm not." While certainly there's less information about other parts of people's models, I think there's really only 2 ways to calculate market share. And one would be to look at revenue and another one might be something like seats. But in each case where it's reported, the numerator and the denominator are really straightforward. And whether it goes up or down is actually a fact. It's not a matter of opinion. So I don't -- in some ways, I just don't get it. Why you almost let people get away with -- if Autodesk grows at twice the rate of another company, I don't know how they're gaining share on this, or maybe I just don't understand market share. To the more -- maybe that was just your prelude to your real question rather than my rant about market share. I mean, one of the things that's interesting for us is in almost every case, customers have some of our software. And so we don't have as big a distinction between new -- kind of brand-new customers and existing customers. What we do look at a lot is the place we play in the value to the customer. So there are places we were, front and center, the most important product that they use to do their design and engineering work. There are other places where we play a peripheral role. And a lot of it is moving from those peripheral roles to more central roles. But if you go out there, it's very hard to find any sizable engineering company or somebody in media and entertainment that doesn't use our tools to a small extent. So I guess, the answer would be there. But I would say, at a certain point, when you go from a small niche player within a firm, you're actually changing the quality of the relationship in some material way. It's not just gaining more share within the company, you're changing your relationship with the customer.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross MacMillan with Jefferies.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Mark, can you maybe just help us with that maintenance billings number that, I think, is 18% in the quarter. I think the simple average for the year is about 20%. And the question is really when that starts to flow through into your maintenance or subscription revenue line and when we might see that sort of maintenance revenue begin to accelerate?
Mark J. Hawkins: Sure. I'm happy to give you a framework on that. You hit the number right, 18% for the quarter, about 19% to 20% for the year for the maintenance net billings. That's exactly right. And the way that -- the way I think about this is that the vast, vast majority of those billings of maintenance are single year. And so 12 months ratably, those billings will be broken in and recognized over time. So you can take that, you can see our record deferred revenue. We have about $719 million on the balance sheet. And you could know that the vast, vast majority of that is single year. And so you have to make an assumption around that, Ross, of what that fraction is. But I'm telling you, the absolute vast, vast majority is single year. The second aspect is, you have to make a call on multi-year. When we have multi-year, the biggest part of multi-year is a 3-year deal. So the way I would encourage you to think about this is take the total billings, make a fraction that you think is multi-year and the vast majority that's a single year, and then start using in one hand, divide it by 12, and the other hand, divide it by 36. And you're going to get a good proxy for how that's going to flow into revenue. Okay?
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: That's helpful. Yes, definitely. And then just as a follow-up. When you introduced suites, you guys were obviously promoting the suites to stimulate some early adoption. And I'm curious as to whether you feel now that the suites have been out there for a year and obviously, the adoption is -- has been very good, whether there are some changes you might be making on sort of promotional activity around suites and whether you think you can capture more upfront license revenue from the suites at this point?
Carl Bass: We've been thrilled with the adoption of suites. We're always kind of looking and will continue to tweak where we do promotions, where we see opportunities. Certainly, taken as a whole, you'll see less promotional activity around the suites than you saw at the introduction but kind of still reserve the right to look, whether it's geographically or on a particular line of business, where we want to incent people to move more quickly.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Cummins with ThinkEquity.
Daniel T. Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: Let's see. The op margin has peaked in the fiscal 2Q each of the last 2 years. What's the -- what should our expectation be seasonally going forward? And then I had a follow-up on your DSO.
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes, so a couple of things. One is that we do have certain pattern in terms of spend and in revenue, seasonality wise, in a normal environment. And we're certainly then approaching a more normal environment that we have been historically. During the great financial crisis, it really was not normal, but we're getting into a more normal period. And for example, I think you're familiar that, for example, in Q4, we incur a lot of launch costs. We're getting ready to prepare for the future product release, and we also have annual employee incentives and things of that nature. That's an example in Q4. In Q1, we classically have the actual launch costs additionally and some of the various dynamics that we normally see in Q1. And so I do think we're approaching more normal seasonality. The best advice I have for you is think about our annual guidance. And each quarter, we're going to give a better line of sight to how that breaks out and try to keep dialing that in for you. I think that we've given you a solid guidance for Q1 that reflects some of the seasonality of spend typically there. And in Q2, we'll give you a little bit better refresh. But in the meantime, I think we are approaching normal seasonality.
Carl Bass: Yes, I think the Q1 and Q4, the things that go on in these quarters aren't changing. So if I look forward this year and next year, I don't see any changes. Commissions and bonuses will still be in Q4. Taxes and launch costs are in Q1. I mean, it's just going to continue that way. There's no big changes there. Do you want to -- Mark, do you want to answer the DSO question?
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes. And Dan, do you want to frame the DSO question that you had? I just want to make sure to address that.  He may not be able to come back, operator, but I'll -- let me just address DSO, generally. DSO is up about 6 days year-on-year, and that is really driven exclusively by the fact that we had record billings in Q4. And in particular, the billing linearity was later in the quarter. And so what you will see is the benefit of some of those later quarter billings actually showing up in terms of cash flow in Q1, and you'll see a DSO improvement as well. So it's really -- it's almost exclusively driven by that. So hopefully, Dan, that addresses your question.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: This is Perry Huang for Heather. I was hoping to ask a question about the Manufacturing segment performance. In the prepared remarks, I think it was highlighted, the contribution from strong growth in the simulation offerings. I was wondering if you could provide a little more color there? For example, was there particular strength in, say, a particular type of customer? And also, do you see your simulation business as a key selling point for your overall Manufacturing portfolio, sort of along with your upcoming PLM offering?
Carl Bass: Yes. So one of the things -- we've talked about simulation for a while. One of the parts of the business, plastic injection molding, our Moldflow business did particularly well. And I've talked about this before, when we talk about digital prototyping, a large payoff for the 3D modeling that we do and that we enable is the ability to do analysis and simulation and optimization. It's becoming increasingly important to manufacturers in a much more competitive environment. They are trying to lower costs and get products to market more quickly. One of the things I highlighted in those opening remarks was what we're seeing in consumer products part of our business. That is typically really short-cycle products. Many of them include things like plastic simulation. Time to market and cost are critical in that arena. And our products are good there. But generally speaking, when I see what we're doing now -- and you got to step back in some ways, Perry, and go back to we were quite the underdog in manufacturing not that many years ago. Certainly, in all the design and engineering tools, we've reached parity if not exceeded the capability and functionality of our competitors. Again, we've done the same thing with simulation, where we now feel very confident in our offering of simulation tools. And we're excited about offering PLM. We talked a lot about companies needing to manage the process around how they manage products. And we think we found and developed the appropriate technology for our customers there. So we now feel like we have a complete offering for manufacturers, all the way from small to the largest in the world. And like I said, I've seen quite a bit of stumbling from our competitors, which -- what we don't root for. It's not the worst thing that happened to us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Philip Winslow with Crédit Suisse.
Dennis Simson - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: This is Dennis in for Phil. G&A was up a bit more than we had sequentially. Was there anything to call out there onetime in nature or was it just seasonality? Or should this be the new run rate that we should be thinking about going forward?
Mark J. Hawkins: There is, Dennis, something to call out there. About 1/2 of that nominal growth is basically the FX gains and losses for the OpEx hedge that are showing up in G&A and for the total OpEx. So that's -- nominally, it kind of distorts the total number in a small degree. I think the thing to look at even with that being the case, if you look at G&A as a percent of revenue, it's scaled and improved year-on-year as a percent of revenue for the quarter and for the year substantially. It went from like 8.3% last year to, I think, 7.8% to 7.9% this year. So we expect more and more efficiency there, and we're seeing that. But there is a good catch on your point. It is a definite anomaly with the FX hedge gain and loss.
Carl Bass: And just to generalize it, I would say, we're being quite vigilant about expenses, G&A particularly. But all the expenses, we're being quite vigilant.
Dennis Simson - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: Okay. And can you give us an update on Autodesk cloud in general and maybe dig deeper into the pilot program with PLM, if there's anything specific in terms of recurring pain points that you hear from larger customers that you keep on hearing from the traditional PLM products?
Carl Bass: Yes. So I'm quite excited about the cloud in general, where a huge amount of our development is directed that way. We think it's a really important component. Just to give you the 2 flavors of it, just to remind everybody. One part is high performance computing, things like doing simulation, visualization. Those high performance computing activities are really well-suited to kind of the scalability of the cloud. The other place that lead us into the PLM part of the discussion. Broadly speaking, the cloud is really good for collaborating. It's helping people manage their projects, their products and the people they work with. The PLM offering is an example of that. We publicly started to talk about it at AU. There have been really 2 groups of customers that we've been working with. One are new customers, who have heard about PLM, of course, but never used it. They always thought it was too expensive, too far out of their reach but certainly have a need to manage the processes around manufacturing. And we're having good success with them. I think the thing that was most surprising to us is the uptake amongst really large customers. Now every one of these very large manufacturers certainly has at least one PLM system of record. Some of them have 2 or 3. Many have had multiple implementations. And what we're finding out is a large degree of dissatisfaction with those installations. In other places -- in some places, they were looking for wholesale replacement. In other places, especially users, they want to Chernobyl their PLM installation. They want to entomb it in concrete and surround it with more modern flexible tools. And they were looking to reach parts of the organization that either because of difficulty or expense, they couldn't build there PLM systems to reach. So we're having a surprising amount of success in the larger customers, which is -- I would have thought we had more to prove there early on, and it would have taken a little bit longer to develop. But in some ways, our best customers are those that know PLM, understand PLM and know where they find it wanting.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I just wanted to sort of extend on the question that Ross was asking. If you went through that logic on the subscription billings, it would seem to imply that subscription revenue should accelerate into FY '13 off of what we saw in FY '12. And based on that assumption, talking about sort of FY '13 total revenue growth at 10% would seem to imply that your product revenues are going to decelerate to something under 10%. Is that the right way to think about that there is that level of conservatism in the model that your product revenues will be somewhere below 10% for FY '13?
Mark J. Hawkins: I think -- here's what I would say, Keith. First of all, I think you got my sense of how to take billings into subscription revenue gave kind of the key levers. And obviously, we're always thinking about attachment renewal for the new business as we go through the year as well. But I think people hopefully got a good sense of that model. I think, if we kind of level up and step back, I think the growth rate of, we said, at least 10% we think is really solid, and we're confident in that number. We think it's after -- again, just coming off a strong year, we take a look. We work with our sales teams. We look -- we work with our channel partners. We look at our funnel -- our deal funnel. And we come up, we look at our subscription revenue and all the different factors. And we come up with what we think is a solid guidance. And I think at least 10% falls in that category, and so I think the -- that's what I would do is kind of level it up from that standpoint. And hopefully, that gets a little bit to the spirit of your comments. Carl, I don't know if you have any additional thoughts, but those are mine.
Carl Bass: Yes, I mean, I think you outlined it well, Mark. We don't have -- we don't do a lot of detailed guiding around specific parts of it. And as I've said before, I think things over a quarter can vary quite a bit. I think this quarter is a good example of where we saw certain metrics move. They had bigger bearings than we would have imagined. But generally speaking, I feel confidence about the greater than 10% growth. We're watching all the moving pieces. As we go through the year, we'll give you kind of more insight on exactly what we're seeing. Generally speaking, what we're seeing is, geographically, real strength in in the Americas. There's a couple of question marks out there in the global economy. We touched on a couple of the industries where I think our market position is great. I'm thrilled with the deferred revenue. I think that's working. Programmatically, I'm looking and going, love to see the new product revenue this quarter. Happy about what we're doing with the cloud. Happy with suites, simulation. And really, the place where I have my eye a lot is on this new PLM offering.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Excellent. And just as one follow-up, can you potentially give us some kind of color on where the key leverage, that 200 basis points of leverage should -- where we should expect that to come out of the model?
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes, one, I already talked about, the continuing vigilance around expenses. We're continuing to look at it there. And as we've shown and demonstrated every year, except that one year that I don't like to talk about, that as we increase the volumes, that some of it just naturally falls out of the model. As we can drive volume in any of these product lines, with it more money falls to the bottom line. And so as we do -- we make investments up-front. We made investments in simulation. We've made investments in suites up-front, and then we try to capitalize those over time. And I think as we're able to get those to greater volumes, the benefits accrue to the bottom line. So it's really a question of just scaling.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Koenig with Longbow Research.
Steven R. Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: I don't know if you have a chance to let me in for a follow-up, but let me ask about business combinations. The prepared remarks said you spent $40 million on them. I'm actually calculating from the cash flow statement. There is additional $79 million in the quarter on business acquisitions. I'm wondering if you can reconcile that and give us a little color on what are they? And I guess, there are 5. And what are your expectations collectively? Could they generate a point in revenue? Any thoughts there would be helpful.
Carl Bass: So let me talk to generally. Mark is doing some research over there on the exact numbers. I mean, generally speaking, this year, we were a little bit more active in M&A activity. It was mostly small deals. The number you said doesn't quite fit for the fourth quarter and the third quarter there. There was a fair amount of M&A activity. We're continuing to look for both small acquisitions that round out our offerings. And they'll tend to be in places like cloud-based stuff, some of the simulation, some of the PLM stuff is where we'll be looking for more things. And we're continuing to look for those medium-sized companies that will contribute to the top line. As it sits right now, the acquisitions that we've done today, they're fully contemplated in the guidance we gave you. And I think if there's anything different, we'll let you know.
Mark J. Hawkins: And just a couple of things to just make sure to call out here from that standpoint. One is, I want to make sure that we're comparing one with net of cash, one of gross cash would be one item to look at. The second item is that when we talk about M&A, there's M&A, and then there's also just pure intellectual property that we're buying and minority investments that we're making. So we can take this off-line and give you even more breakdown on that. But I just want to be really precise on that, but it all ties out from at that standpoint. Okay? Steve, we'll have Dave tie out with you right after.
Steven R. Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, great. If I can't follow-up, I'd like to ask Carl a little bit more on this hot button from Richard's question earlier. I think it's related. Just asking to hear about the long-term conversion of your base from 2D to 3D. I agree, Carl, that with your calculation, and it looks like you are growing faster than the 3D market. But in Manufacturing, you don't own that market like you do in 2D. Is it just slow and steady progress here or is there any silver bullet? I mean, what's the winning ticket here to get ahead?
Carl Bass: I mean, I think if you look, it's been true for years, in the portions of the Manufacturing market in which we participate, we've been growing at 2x, 3x, 4x the rate of our competitors. A bunch who asked me last time about one competitor in particular, when I insinuated that they were obfuscating financial results by way of not disclosing what was going on with acquisitions, I think time is proving me to be right. They just talked about growth for next year, total for the company in the 6% to 8% range. So anything that was in the middle teens was really a result of that acquisition, and that's why I go back to you really have to look at the numbers and just parse them slightly to take out the effects of either currency or those kind of acquisitions. If you -- so the portions of the market in which we participate in generally have been CAD. That's been the design and engineering software. And we've had growth rates in the teens to 20% range when our competitors have been growing at a maximum of 1/2 that rate. That, to me, is market share gain. I think when you go and you look at the other places where we're entering, we're doing really well in simulation even though it's on a tiny number. And I think compared to some of the big companies there, we're a tiny fraction of what's going on. So while we're growing really quickly, it's still relatively small. PLM is a nascent business. We're just entering it. I'm incredibly optimistic about what we've heard from customers so far. But I think in many ways, we'll be able to show really large growth rates. And so I'm very confident about our position there. The other thing is, I think for the first time we have a complete offering that covers really all the bases in terms of what a manufacturer would need. And in most respects, it's a much broader portfolio we get to offer the manufacturing companies than any of our competitors.
Operator: Your next question comes from Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC, Research Division: I know you guys don't guide to cash flow. In 2012, it lagged revenue growth a little bit. I guess I'm wondering, for fiscal '13, given the revenue growth and margin and inherent leverage in the model, is there anything that we should be aware of from a cash flow perspective that would change that, I mean, to ultimately having cash flow grow more in line with revenue? And then as a quick follow-up, I'm wondering if you could comment on ASPs in the quarter.
Mark J. Hawkins: So a couple of things on the cash flow. Matt, well, we don't typically guide on that, as you talked about. We did call out a little bit of an anomaly due to billing non-linearity, if you will, in Q4. So one of the benefits of that is that, that will show up in Q1. And so in the same way it took a way a little bit from cash flow in Q4, it will have a little bit of an adder in Q1. And I think you should assume that our cash conversion cycle is going to be pretty stable. From that standpoint, our CapEx, which is important when you're looking at free cash flow, you'll continue to guide it between 2% to 3% of revenue. We've historically fell in that zone. I think just last year, we had, what, 2.8%. We've been a little lower, a little higher. But I think if you pick somewhere in the middle there, you're probably going to be in a pretty good zone to think about the free cash flow from that standpoint. And I think if you look at even this year, even with a little bit of the dampening with the non-linearity in Q4, when you look at cash flow, it's something around the $570-plus million, $574 million range. And you look at our operating margins at $533 million. And you're seeing the quality of our income in the sense that our cash flow is growing faster than our revenue -- or excuse me, faster our operating margin. So those are couple of relationships that I'd have you consider, Matt, as you think about modeling for the future. Now on the ASP, Carl?
Carl Bass: Yes, not much change in ASPs this quarter. The usual variation, nothing exceptional to call out, no big trends that we're forecasting for next year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Blair Abernethy with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Carl, just one more on the PLM side of things. Can you just give us a bit of a little more detail on your go-to-market strategy at this point, in particular, sort of direct versus -- direct sales versus the channel preparation? Where are they at now? And also, can you shed a little more light on what your pricing is looking like for the PLM?
Carl Bass: Yes, sure. In our general introduction of new products, our approach to go-to-market when we're bringing new products to market tends to be a little bit more heavily weighted towards direct. And the reason for that is we want to make the feedback loop between what our customers are saying and what we're developing and how we're tuning our approach to marketing be as short as possible. This is no exception. We're doing the same thing. You'll see a disproportionate amount of the early business that we do will go through our direct channel. But I would say, our PLM business is being fully contemplated as a channel business. In the limit, I don't think you'll see any difference in our PLM business in terms of the mix between direct and channel over time. But we really do like to go out there with customers early on, understand what their pain points are, try to understand where people are being most receptive to the extent that there are things that -- objections or needs that they see unmet in the product. We want to understand that as quickly as possible. The other thing that we often talk about is that it's difficult for some of our channel partners to make big investments in new products. And so what we try to do is in some ways kind of soften the ground, try to understand as much as possible and direct them to what we think are really the best candidates. So rather than having 1,000 independent experiments, we rather take the brunt of that on ourselves, coordinate the activity. So in the first 3 to 6 months, you'll see a little bit more preponderance of direct deals. I would suspect by the end of the year and certainly moving into the next year, this is a business that looks identical to our other businesses.
Operator: Your last question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Just 2 quick follow-ups. I got cut off earlier. First, is there an appreciable difference in mix or adoption of suites by GM or do you see that being configurations and the maintenance attached, for example, of suites is pretty much consistent across the regions? And then secondly, on the PLM pilot that you talked about earlier, Carl, could you talk about the role, if any, that you're seeing from your existing Vault product either with the new customers or existing -- or legacy customers? Is Vault at all playing a part in the piloting or are the customers predominantly using just the pre-configured apps that you showed at AU?
Carl Bass: Yes. So the first question there, Jay, was around the suites. Yes, I mean, we generally don't break it out. But for you, Jay, I'd tell you there's not much difference. It's pretty consistent. There's always a little bit of a bias towards developed countries over emerging economies. There's usually a little bit bigger pickup in the Americas rather than Asia Pacific. But within those kind of norms, not much difference. And almost every programmatic change we've made over the years shows that exact same dynamic of adoption. So when you look back on subscription, direct sales, almost everything we've done kind of follows that same pattern, and it's very consistent with that. Around the PLM pilots, I mean, one of the things that's interesting about it, and here's where we get a little bit too much in the weeds of terminology, our Vault product, what it really does is data and document management. It's been hugely successful. There's millions of people who are using it. It's a wildly successful, easy-to-deploy solution, and all of them are deployed behind the firewall. What we chose for PLM for us was really managing customers processes. And what we said we were going to do is do that in the cloud. Now what's interesting is when you go and you look at most of the current PLM vendors out there, a big proportion of the sales that fall under the rubric of PLM are really data management. That people have been more successful with data document management than they've ever been about managing the process. So while they've been sold on the managing process, it hasn't worked. And that's really kind of tilled the ground for us because people understand that they want to manage these work processes. Our product works with document management, whether it's in our Vault or whether it's in any of the other document management or so-called PLM systems. We're really agnostic about where people choose to store the documents. What we're giving them is tools to manage the workflow and the processes around it. It works well with Vault. We've certainly seen adoption amongst Vault customers. But there's no particular tie there as many of the big accounts that I've talked about, as well as the small accounts, have been non-Autodesk data management customers. Hopefully, that helps.
Operator: At this time, I would like to hand the call back to Dave Gennarelli, Director, Investor Relations, for closing remarks.
David Gennarelli: Okay. Well, thanks, everybody, for joining us today. Next week, we'll be at the Morgan Stanley Technology Conference in San Francisco. And then later in March, on March 29, we'll have another webinar on our PLM business so tune in for that. Thanks.
Operator: This concludes today's conference call. You may now disconnect.

===== 2012 Q3  (2011-11-15 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Gennarelli - Director of Investor Relations Mark J. Hawkins - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Carl Bass - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Dennis Simson - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Daniel T. Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division Chaitanya Yaramada - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division Fatima Boolani - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division Steven R. Koenig - Longbow Research LLC Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Third Quarter 2012 Autodesk Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Dave Gennarelli, Director, Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
David Gennarelli: Thanks, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss our third quarter fiscal 2012. Joining me today are Carl Bass, our Chief Executive Officer; and Mark Hawkins, our Chief Financial Officer. Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. As noted on our press release, we have published our prepared remarks on our website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments, and we will not repeat them on this call. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the future performance of the company, such as our guidance for the fourth quarter and full year fiscal 2012, full year fiscal 2013 and long-term financial model guidance, the factors we use to estimate our guidance, new product and suite releases and expected growth rates, certain future strategic transactions, business prospects and financial results, our market opportunities and strategies and trends in sales initiatives for our products and trends in various geographies and industries. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time to time with the SEC, specifically our Form 10-K for the fiscal year 2011 and Forms 10-Q for the period ended April 30 and July 31, 2011, and our periodic 8-K filings, including the 8-K filed with today's press release and prepared remarks. Those documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented on the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today's call, but will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter, unless we do so in a public forum. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of both GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today's press release, prepared remarks and on the Investor Relations section of our website.  We will quote a number of numeric or growth changes as we discuss the financial performance and unless otherwise noted, each reference represents a year-on-year comparison. And now I'd like to turn the call over to Carl.
Carl Bass: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. Our strong revenue growth was driven by [Technical Difficulty] Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. Our strong revenue growth was driven by double-digit growth across all of our major geographies, with particular strength in Asia Pacific. All of our business segments performed well, driven by revenue from Suites. When combined with continued cost controls [Technical Difficulty] When combined with continued cost controls, we achieved solid growth in our non-GAAP operating margin, EPS and cash flow from operations. There were several areas of notable growth and achievement during the quarter, including 15% growth in total revenue, 36% growth in total Suites revenue; 28% growth in revenue from Asia Pacific, 21% growth in our PSEB segment, double-digit growth in both our AEC and manufacturing segments, 18% growth in maintenance billings, 360 basis point improvement in non-GAAP operating margin, 38% growth in non-GAAP EPS and 20% growth in cash flow from operations. This is only the second full quarter that our new design suites have been in the market, and they're off to a terrific start. Our customers realize the significant value delivered in the suites, which is winning us new customers and motivating existing customers to migrate from point products and older suites to our new suites. Over the course of the next few years, we expect Suites to become the majority of our revenue mix.  Two weeks from today, at our Autodesk University event, we'll be unveiling our offering for entering the PLM market. As I said previously, we'll be addressing the significant market opportunity with a very unique approach which will enable manufacturers as well as AEC and M&E companies to achieve the full promise of PLM for the first time. Our cloud-based approach will be easy-to-use, implement and deploy. It will be scalable, configurable and intuitive, which is a sharp contrast to the decades-old legacy technology in the market now. We think that customers are starving for this new kind of solution, and Autodesk succeeds in introducing this kind of disruptive technology. Speaking of cloud technology, we recently launched Autodesk Cloud, a collection of more than a dozen web-based capabilities. These services will enable customers to extend their desktops with greater mobility, while offering new viewing and sharing capabilities, and will provide more computing power, helping our users to better design, visualize and simulate their ideas. Along with our product advances, we continually strive to improve our customers' experience. Electronic download has benefited our subscription customers for the past 3 years. We're now aiming to increase the use of electronic delivery in developed countries by making new licenses of most of our products available for electronic delivery.  In advance of this action, we initiated a plan to further reduce our already low inventory in the channel during the third quarter, and we will continue to do so in the fourth quarter. Channel inventory was reduced by approximately $10 million in the third quarter in conjunction with this initiative. Over time, we expect to phase in the electronic download availability of new licenses in emerging countries, as well. It's worth noting that channel inventory now stands at only 1.5 weeks. We have a long history of acquiring small businesses and leading-edge technologies and integrating them into the fabric of Autodesk in our products. In the third quarter alone, we closed 10 small but strategically important business and technologies -- and technology acquisitions, totaling close to $90 million net of cash acquired. These transactions were across all of our business units. We believe these purchases are an important component to advancing our products and offerings and delivering more value to our customers. Turning towards our view of FY '12 and beyond, plenty of economic uncertainties remain in each geography around the world, not just the Eurozone. Recall that we started FY '12 with expectations of 10% revenue growth and 200 basis point improvement in our non-GAAP operating margin. Despite some choppiness in the market, our business has performed well, and we believe we are on track to deliver 13% revenue growth and non-GAAP operating margin improvement of between 210 and 240 basis points in FY '12. Earnings growth is expected to be approximately 30%. We're very proud of our accomplishments so far this year. We have achieved this by continuing to focus on prudent cost containment, while making appropriate investments in the business to fuel future growth. We also felt it would be helpful to share with you our initial thoughts about FY '13. We are modeling revenue growth of at least 10% and non-GAAP operating margin improvement of approximately 200 basis points year-over-year. Our recent performance, coupled with our revenue outlook for FY '13, reinforces our confidence in achieving our long-term target of growing revenue by 12% to 14% compounded annually and getting to 30% operating margins by the end of FY '15. We remain highly confident in our market position. Our product portfolio is the most compelling it has ever been. We're very excited about our PLM opportunities, and we remain well positioned to expand our business and better serve our customers and attract new ones. Operator, we would now like to open up the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Brent Thill of UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Mark, if you could just talk about the guidance for next year, starting at 10%. Maybe if you could just start with your visibility. And for Carl, just on Europe, if you could give us just your view of what's happening. You had decent growth, but obviously Asia-Pacific was outpacing it by quite a bit. So if you could compare and contrast that, that would be helpful.
Mark J. Hawkins: Sure, Brent, glad to do so. Our 10% -- at least 10%, and as we look at FY '13, it's based on a kind of a normal process. It is 5 quarters out, but we look very comprehensively with our sales team, with our channel partners. We have a lot of, obviously, data that we get that we factor into a rigorous plan. We feel like this is a solid projection. We feel confident in the guidance. And it's kind of our normal process that we look at. And historically, in Q3, we typically give our fiscal year projection for the following year.
Carl Bass: And Brent, we'll update it as we get closer to the beginning of the fiscal year. On Europe, I think -- I don't think our experience is very different than what other companies are seeing and reporting, that I think it's mixed across Europe. Certainly, Southern Europe is fairly weak. Northern and Central Europe is fairly strong, and I think there's a lot of uncertainty about what's going to go on in the Eurozone and in Brussels. Asia Pacific was really strong. It has continued to outpace both the Americas and Europe for a long time, and I expect it to continue to do so.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini of Goldman Sachs.
Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Actually, this is Perry Huang for Heather. On your July earnings call, you had talked about various metrics you are monitoring to keep tabs on the business environment. Could you maybe talk to these indicators again for the October quarter and whether you noted any changes?
Carl Bass: Yes. I mean, what we were trying to do, really, if you remember 3 months ago, the world was fearing going into a double-dip. And what I said at the time was we had no great insight into whether we were going, but in looking back at our business, I said if the world does go into a second dip, it'll look different than the first one. And we were trying to monitor all these metrics that we saw, some in front of and some when we look retrospectively of what happened a few years ago. Some of the indicators that we had seen the first time was decreases in our run rate business. Those would be products from our PSEB segment. If you look now, PSEB had a particularly strong quarter. So I would kind of stick to the comments I made before, that that as well as a bunch of the other metrics we looked at, subscription renewals, subscription attach, they were strong. And so like I said before, it's still hard to figure out what's going to go on in Washington and what's going to go on in Brussels. But just looking at our business, we're certainly not seeing the indicators we saw in 2009. If anything, we're seeing contrary indicators.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Richard Davis from Canaccord.
Richard H. Davis - Canaccord Genuity, Research Division: So Carl, as you guys kind of transition and [indiscernible] your PLM product and you presumably put in the cloud and those kinds of things. One of the things that some of the early firms in the space were challenged with is just being able to sell, because PLM is more of a higher level sale than a department sale. How do you sell higher in the organization? Get into the C-Suite, because -- does that require different salesmen? Or how do you think about that, and how do you think about the process, and how should we look at it from the outside?
Carl Bass: Good question, Richard. What I would say is we already sell fairly high up. It depends on the account. We've talked about, repeatedly, how our major account business is doing really well. We continue to invest in our major account business. Those are all decisions that are made at the executive suite. We're typically selling in large companies to the CIO or the head of engineering or the head of design. So I think for those customers, we already have a sales force in place. As you get to small-, medium-sized business, I think it's incumbent upon our partners. And many of our partners work at that level, though in smaller companies. So I think it will be different, it's a more holistic sale. It's more of an enterprise sale. But people often misunderstand our business. The fact they say over and over again is nearly 30% of our business comes from 1% of our customers. And in those cases where you look, people have thousands of licenses in mission-critical applications. So I don't think you should mistake the fact that a machine shop down the street has a license of our software with the fact that we're mission-critical and large enterprises. They both exist simultaneously.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Carl, I'd like to ask about your Suites and maintenance business and the connection between them. Your Suites business declined some sequentially from the second quarter, although it did grow year-over-year, of course. Your maintenance billings, deducing from your prepared remarks, had a substantially greater decline in absolute terms from the second quarter than we've seen in previous second or third quarters. Although again it was up year-over-year, it was a pretty substantial decline from July. And on the other hand, you added a pretty considerable number to your active maintenance base with the most in the year. Could you perhaps talk about some of those moving parts in terms of Suites and maintenance and the active base?
Carl Bass: Yes, I mean the quarter-over-quarter decline in Suites is to be anticipated. One is just the usual seasonality in 2, 3 but the more important thing is the introduction of most of the suites in Q2. So after the big introduction, I would have been very surprised if Q3 was bigger. In terms of maintenance, all of our subscription rates are doing really well. So attach is good. Renewal is well. Everything about that business seems particularly healthy. And in relation to the questioner before, that was another one of the indicators that we saw go down. We're not seeing that at all. So we're really pleased with where we saw the maintenance business going.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. Just a couple of quick follow-ups. Earlier this year in Q1, you pointed to some weakness in your infrastructure business, and that may have been due just to some product timing. But could you comment on how that's doing now? And then finally, also earlier this year, you made some changes in terms of your channel segmentation, with some airline-like platinum status and so forth. Could you talk about how those changes in your channel structure or certifications may have had any discernible incremental benefits thus far this year?
Carl Bass: Yes. So let me just go -- let me just broaden your infrastructure question to the general AEC question. Two quarters ago, people were questioning a lot about the health of the AEC business and trying to extrapolate from there one thing or another. I tried to point out at the time something that remains true, has always been true, is that if you really want to understand how we serve architecture, engineering and construction, you have to look at the combination of what we report as AEC and PSEB. That one was particularly low in AEC 2 quarters ago. The other point I've made repeatedly is I try not to read too much into any one quarter's number in one particular area. And my logic around that is we have a capacity constraint system with various incentives. And under that, you see behavior that goes on within a quarter. That's not very controllable. Over time, when it becomes a trend, then you should take note of it, and we certainly do and try to do something about it. So overall, I'd say our AEC business is doing well. You can see it in the AEC number alone, as well as the fraction of the PSEB business. Along with that, infrastructure is doing well. There were some timing issues also that we brought up in 2 quarters ago. Had a lot to do with the introduction of suites, the introduction of the Infrastructure Suite in particular. Those are all things that came out later in the year in the U.S., as well as in other geographies and languages.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And the channel question?
Carl Bass: Oh, the channel question. I was so busy answering that one, Jay. No, we continue to make incremental changes. I think if you just try to step back and not try to dissect too finely any moves in our programs, but look at it more holistically, generally what we're trying to do is reward our partners who put in the most work and accomplish the most. And given the regulatory framework in which we operate the business conditions, there are various ways that we're able to incent people and make sure that the people who do the most work and contribute the most, provide the most value to the customers, get paid the most. And that's what we continue to do. And you've seen some changes this year. I think the introduction of a premier status. And I think you'll see some changes coming in the channel framework for next year, as well. But all keeping in mind that the goal remains to reward the people who do the most work.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Walter Pritchard of Citigroup.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: Two questions. One, on Manufacturing. If I look at your 2 peers in that space that have already reported, Parametric and Dassault. It looks like they grew a little bit faster, and I thought of you as potentially being a share gainer there. And I know we're looking at one quarter of data here. But I'm wondering how you're -- on a competitive front in Manufacturing, what you're seeing and where you think the share battle is being fought in terms of that market?
Carl Bass: Yes. So first thing, again, the part of PSEB that is not AEC is primarily Manufacturing. So again, when you look at Manufacturing, it's not our as reported number. You have to look at both those numbers together. And if you put the 2 together, I'd continue to say that we're growing. We're growing faster than our competitors. When you look at things like seed counts, and market share is measured by install base, we're growing much faster than our competitors there, as well. One of the other things to remember is when you look at some of the competitors out there, they're actually growing in areas where we don't even compete, and vice-versa. So I think when you look at things where we both compete, which is design and engineering software, as well as analysis software, by both the seed count and the revenue count, we're growing much faster. I love the position we're in, in Manufacturing. We're kind of the underdog. We're kind of the disruptor. We democratize technology. We have a broader product portfolio than anybody. We have a better product portfolio. I'd hold it up against anybody in the industry. And if you just look back, last quarter was the biggest quarter ever in Manufacturing history, and it grew 20% year-over-year. So I'm really happy with where we're going. And I'm really excited about what we're doing around PLM, because I think that's going to be a big game changer in terms of how we're able to serve customers and how we'll proceed in the market.
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: And just, Mark, on the comment around 0.5 percentage point of reduction in channel inventory -- or I guess 0.5 week of reduction in channel inventory and the $10 million impact. I mean, should we think about that as having gone straight to revenue? And I'm curious was that in your guidance or not? And just want to clarify that.
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes. No, absolutely want to help you with that, Walter. First of all, for channel inventory, just to step away back from it. We only recognize revenue when we sell into the channel. So the fact that we did not sell into the channel, basically, and achieve these numbers -- if we would -- said differently, if would have kept the channel inventory flat, we would have had about $10 million more revenue, okay? Just so you understand from that standpoint. Does that answer your question?
Walter H. Pritchard - Citigroup Inc, Research Division: It does. That makes sense. And I assume, were you expecting other guidance or not? Or is it insignificant?
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes. In fact, this is comprehended in our guidance in Q3. And then also in Q4, as we talk about in the prepared remarks, we're going to take the channel down further. That's comprehensive into our guidance, as well. And you should see a natural kind of correlation with that in backlog. But this is absolutely correlated. And I think...
Carl Bass: Again, I say the plan is not blind. We went into the quarter thinking we might do some. The quarter proved strong and we decided we could reduce and do it gracefully without any impact to our partners or our customers. And I'd say the same thing. We've contemplated a level of reduction in Q4. We might be slightly more aggressive if business is stronger than expected.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty of JPMorgan.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Carl, when Adobe introduced Creative Suite 1, they got a definite benefit from Photoshop users that were not using Illustrator that always kind of wanted to but couldn't afford it, or didn't want to pay the price and vice-versa. When you look at the suites that you have available and the feedback that you've gotten so far, are there natural synergies between 1, 2 or 3 products that are now bundled together that are really making the difference on the suited option?
Carl Bass: Yes. I think the 2 products that are coming along in Suites, one is 3ds Max. That many people have always wanted visualization capabilities. For others, it's AutoCAD or some flavor of AutoCAD that's in there, as well. Those are probably the 2 big ones. I think industry-by-industry, it's a little bit different with different customers latching onto it. We're really getting our first complete data right now about not only what they buy, but what customers use. And we'll have more data as this goes on. We're studying it pretty closely to understand the adjacency. And if you remember, we also have the 3 tiers of products. So it's interesting not only what people buy, but I'm interested in watching the migration over time between the various levels and the stack.
Sterling P. Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co, Research Division: Okay, and one follow-up. Mark, now the acquisitions you've been doing are small, but they're starting to add up. When you do the number of acquisitions that you did like in this last quarter, how should we think about the cumulative impact or contribution to revenue, or accumulative impact to earnings?
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes. First of all, Sterling, this is factored into our guidance as we look at Q4. And obviously we comprehend this, and as we think about the future. We did 10 strategic deals that are small in nature, as you've noted. A number of them are intellectual property that will be worked into the overall portfolio over time. We have a few other ones that we've disclosed publicly, ones like Instructables and grid and map and things of that nature. But I think the way to think about this is a lot of these are the core technology that's going into the business. Some have revenue generation, as well, but each one of those is not material, otherwise, we would make a further public disclosure about that. And all that we see is comprehended into our view for the future.
Carl Bass: Yes. I think if you just want to understand a little bit directionally where we're looking, there are really pretty much 2 things that we're trying to do with most of these acquisitions. As Mark said, they're mostly -- they're either IP or they're very small teams and technologies. And what we're generally trying to do is, one, is expand into adjacent markets. So when you see a particular kind of engineering or analysis software, it's adjacent to a market we're in and we're trying to round out the offering. And particularly as we package things into suites, we want to be able to give our customers a complete workflow that answers their problems. And the second thing is, as we've talked about many times, we're into going a platform technology transition. And so there are a bunch of technologies that we're getting in order to make sure that we're the best provider of engineering tools in the cloud.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brendan Barnicle of Pacific Crest Securities.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Carl, I wanted to follow up on, I think, a question that Jay had been trying to get at a little bit earlier, which was whether you're starting to see any change in maintenance pricing as a result of the introduction of Suites?
Carl Bass: So the answer to the question is the maintenance pricing is higher on Suites than stand-alone products. And we're seeing no differential in discounting or anything around that. So as people have Suites, or higher value products, our average for maintenance is going up as well.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: And when do you think it gets to be material enough that you've got enough of the sort of install base on Suites that way, that it starts to have a material impact on the subscription number?
Carl Bass: I think you'll start seeing it next year.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: Great. And then following up on the strength in Asia Pac, how much of that was related to sort of the recovery in Japan? Or how broad-based was that?
Carl Bass: I didn't know there was a recovery in Japan. But I think it was pretty broadly based. Japan did well. But everywhere in Asia Pacific did reasonably well. I think what it's generally true is our fastest growing areas, whether Asia Pacific or emerging countries, are also our most volatile. And we see ups and downs, country by country, discipline by discipline, as also in emerging countries between the different ones quarter-to-quarter. They just are more volatile, and we saw a little bit of it this time. It seemed like everything kind of lined up this time in Asia Pacific.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc., Research Division: And then lastly, Mark, on gross margins. Those have been down year-over-year for the last 2 quarters. When do you think we might start to see those start to improve year-over-year again?
Mark J. Hawkins: Well again, we're looking at -- one of the things that we think about, Brendan, is the broader operating margin. And of course you're seeing that expansion with the projection for the year between 210 and 240 basis points. Some of the downward pressure on the gross margin, which is kind of the subtext of the broader profitability, has to do with us as we have penetrated major accounts and enterprise. In some cases there's consulting work and such that's required and it has a little bit of a margin effect. You can see it's not a big effect on the year-on-year basis, but that is a dynamic that's happening. I think the most important thing that I would point to, Brendan, is just looking for the operating margin expansion in total, and knowing the geography will move a little bit here and there. Should be no sharp turns, but a little bit.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Blair Abernethy of Stifel, Nicolaus.
Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Mark, just following on that. I'm wondering if you could give us a little more review into your margins for next year, your operating margin expansion of 200-plus basis points. Is that -- can you give us a sense of how much of that is just going to come from operating leverage or -- versus ongoing productivity improvements?
Mark J. Hawkins: Yes. Well I think there'll be both, Blair, from that standpoint. We'll get all the leverage we can. We'll look at each of the different areas we've got plans that were driving efficiencies really across multiple functions. And we have concerted efforts and initiatives to do that. You should expect both. It will be in both leverage and productivity items. I wasn't wanting to get into specific detail of all the initiatives that we have. We have a thing called an operating council, where there's large queue of activities that we work together on at the highest level in the company to really drive scale, basically. That is a long list of things that we're executing on. We have a plan well thought out as we go into FY '13, ideas that we'll capitalize on. But leverage is important, too.
Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay, great. And Carl, just, I don't know if you're willing to or not, but on the PLM side, what's your strategy in terms of target verticals you might be going after, or customer size you might be going after in the early days?
Carl Bass: I think we'll see. Right now, we're finding 2 segments in particular. The large enterprise customers who are frustrated or disappointed with existing PLM offerings seem to be surprisingly receptive to it. That's probably the big surprise we've had as we've done out in beta, is we originally thought it would be appropriate for small and medium businesses. We've understood what PLM could do for them, but couldn't afford it. So we thought that was it. What we're finding is huge desire on the part of large manufacturers who are just frustrated with the previous offering. I mean, I think in some ways you compare this -- this is the same thing as Salesforce is to Siebel, or Workday is to PeopleSoft. I think this is exactly the same kind of dynamic where -- that was technology that was good in its time, but much of this technology dates back 20 years. And now there's just a much better way to deploy and it's much more effective. And I think we've -- what I underestimated a little bit during the year as we went through the planning on this is just how ready large customers are to move to the cloud. They're doing it with all kinds of offerings. And the question amongst the very large company CIOs is, "How do I go about this transformation? How does it integrate with my existing systems," much more so than what we had heard a year or 2 ago, which were lots of concerns about privacy and security and other stuff. So I think there's a greater willingness amongst the large customers to move there than we anticipated.
Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc., Research Division: Okay. And are you -- is it a recurring revenue model or ratable revenue model? Is that the approach you're taking?
Carl Bass: Yes, it's a ratable revenue model.
Operator: And our next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan of Merrill Lynch.
Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: On the last question, I thought that Jay was going to ask on the PLM side. Clearly this is something that the manufacturing customers had been asking for. It's a nice job of introducing their product. Carl, just curious how long the product has been in beta, or is it still in alpha stage? What kind of feedback are you getting from customers? And also secondarily, how much of the PLM revenue is baked into your forecast for fiscal '13? And I have a follow-up.
Carl Bass: Okay. So I'll start with -- there's almost no revenue baked in. And by the way, our pricing model and the business model doesn't look to dissimilar from some of the SaaS companies I mentioned. That part of the business, things like bookings will be a better indicator than revenue because they will be back-end loaded. And everything you've learned from following companies like that, you should apply at least to this part of the business. So there's not a lot of it baked in at all. The feedback that we're getting so far is that -- it's way exceeding our expectations. We're just surprised by how warm the reception is, and probably leave it for now at that. We'll be showing more of it in 2 weeks at Autodesk University, so for people who want to come there or who will be there already, you can see it in action. There will be customers who have used it. And as we head into the first months of the calendar year, you'll see a more public release of it.
Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And so, Carl, is it fair to assume that the subscription price of the PLM solution will probably be less than what customers are paying for the maintenance of their legacy PLM solutions?
Carl Bass: Easily. It will easily do that. I also think, in many cases, what's happened with this PLM systems is they're kind of like the Chernobyl of the enterprise. They've gotten encased in concrete and they're in there. And really what the CIOs are trying to figure out is, "how do I work around the system?" And there are many of the users within the enterprise who are not served, who they've never been able to roll it out for. The prices are too expensive to reach large parts. And for almost everyone, the behind-the-firewall approach doesn't work for the current way they're doing business. Their businesses have moved far along. Both their suppliers and their customers -- suppliers, customers and employees are accessing information in new ways, and they want a more modern approach.
Kash G. Rangan - BofA Merrill Lynch, Research Division: Got it. And one for you Mark, one final. The maintenance billings have been growing nicely, but there's been a trend of the maintenance subscription revenue growth rate actually lagging that. Just curious, what point could we start to see -- and also license growth has been far outpacing maintenance revenue, as a secondary observation there. Just curious, at what point is the real growth of subscription revenue really start to pick up from this point?
Mark J. Hawkins: Well I think, again, the billings, we were certainly pleased with an 18% growth year-on-year for the subscription. And I think over time, we've talked a little bit before, Kash, there's a few moving parts, but over time, that will show up in our revenue. We don't give forward-looking guidance for subscription revenue, but growth of 18% year-on-year is a good dynamic. And over time we'll see that, and it will fuel [ph] it. You know how it works, that it's ratably recognized, divided by 12, most of it, some is multiyear. But hopefully, that will give you a sense. You're right on the track that it -- you'll see the growth come out in revenue over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gregg Moskowitz of Cowen.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: First question, I guess, for Mark. Just in terms of the shift to electronic delivery going forward, does that have an effect on margins in fiscal '13, or will it take a little longer to have an impact on the model?
Mark J. Hawkins: Gregg, it will take a little bit of time. Partly is just we have to have the customers adopt that. But over time, we've factored in all that will happen with the electronic delivery in terms of efficiencies. But it will be a process that will evolve over the course of the year.
Gregg Moskowitz - Cowen and Company, LLC, Research Division: Okay, perfect. And then just for Carl, I'm just curious to get your latest thoughts on hiring over the next several months, and from a go-to-market perspective, where you think you stand in terms of selling your PLM going forward.
Carl Bass: Yes. I don't see drastic changes in our hiring pattern. Most of the hiring we've done absent the acquisitions has been for more salespeople. We will continue to hire more direct salespeople. On the other hand, our percentage of business through our major accounts has remained fairly constant. So I like the mix that we have right now, but most of the efforts or most of the investment will go to go-to-market activities and sales and marketing. But we have particular emphasis on the PLM, because as some of the people have already pointed out, it's a somewhat different nature of a sale. And we want to go as broad as we possibly can and be successful with it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Philip Winslow of Credit Suisse.
Dennis Simson - Crédit Suisse AG, Research Division: This is Dennis Simson for Phil. When you think about the FY '13 revenue guidance, which segments out of federal, construction, manufacturing do you think will grow above or below that 10% average?
Carl Bass: I think if you want -- generally, we don't give any segment-by-segment forecasting. I think if you want to look back at historical trends and try to guess from there, Manufacturing has been the fastest and steadiest grower. I would expect that to continue. I see nothing to disrupt that trend. The big unknown, particularly as we start getting further out, is what happens in the worldwide economy around construction. We're having really great pickup in the construction part of AEC. Business has certainly stabilized, and in parts of the world, it's improving. So a little bit depends on something that my crystal ball is not that clear about, certainly towards the end of next year, what happens with the global AEC market.
Mark J. Hawkins: I would certainly, I'd just -- we talked on the product side and such. It's certainly, geographically, Asia will help. As Carl said, if you looked backward, we would certainly expect that trend to continue, as well.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Koenig of Longbow Research.
Steven R. Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: Just 2 kind of qualitative questions here for you. The first one, just wondering about changes to the channel and how you manage them. We understand some of the resellers have expressed concern about opening them up to more competition as you open up the certification process. So my understanding is there won't be as rigorous product-specific certification required. I'm guessing that goes hand-in-hand with the adoption of your suites. I'm wondering, how do we think about that impact on your revenues, on the channel, and on the street pricing of your products?
Carl Bass: So I think the way to look at it is while we've taken the authorization scheme and made it more open, at the same time, we've introduced a whole host of programs that are pay-for-value. And as I said earlier on the call, our goal is to reward the people who do the most work and are the most successful. So the only way it's made sense to open up on the authorization side is because we have these other programs in place. So what you're seeing is a combination of a number of programs coming together that we think can, even better than we've ever been able to, rewards the people who are the most successful. So I think that's what you're seeing, and if you hear griping out there, I would just say historically, almost every change we've made in the channel is met with some amount of griping. Probably the loudest I've heard in my career was the introduction of subscription, which has turned out to be, I think, a major benefit for both Autodesk and our channel partners. So I think -- and typically our channel partners have incomplete information as they hear about new programs. The only thing I would say is we've worked hand-in-hand with our partners for over 25 years. Our partners have gotten stronger during that time, and we continue to want to reward the best partners. And they're an integral part of our plan going forward. So when you see these changes, you have to know how important our channel partners are to us, and all the plans we're putting in place to make sure that they're successful along with us.
Steven R. Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And I'll have just one follow-up here, which is really in regards to your suites. You've talked a little bit about how the maintenance pricing on the combined suite ends up being better than one individual product. You should expect to see that somewhat in the revenues next year. I'm just wondering, given that customers can upgrade but they can't really downgrade, how do you -- how would you go about maintaining the customer value that you're delivering in those suite subscriptions as those subscriptions comes up for renewals? And the customers may be using a large part of their suite but maybe not all of it yet.
Carl Bass: Yes. I think it's a great insight. I mean, we're spending a lot of time watching not only the purchase but the adoption and usage of the suites. We think once people are using more than one product, it becomes a value to them. And if you look at the prices, it makes sense. So we're very cognizant of how widely it's adopted and how broadly it's used in order to do that. Along with it, we made several introductions this year of various other technologies. Most of the cloud offerings are tied to our subscription. So we're continuing to increase the value of subscription as being more than just the annual delivery of new functionality in packaged software. We're also making sure that there's constant engagement with web services that provide ongoing value.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss of Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wanted to ask about -- it seemed like in the press release there was more language about cost controls from both Carl and Mark than we've seen in prior quarters. I just wanted to check to see, are there any new initiatives in there, or any kind of new programs that you guys have embarked on? Or is this just sort of the traditional cost control, and perhaps just more of a focus on a given media on certain macro environments?
Carl Bass: No. I think, if anything, our cost controls have been balanced with investment for the future. And so we're always looking for places where there's slop, or kind of gunk in the system. Try to eliminate as much as that. And particularly when we see new opportunities, would I rather spend $2 million too much on travel or get $2 million worth of sales capacity to sales -- to sell PLM? So I think along with Mark and his team's help, we've been looking really carefully at all the costs. But it really is in balance with making sure that we're positioned for the future and being able to make the investments that we think are necessary for the future. More than anything -- so if you saw anything that's dramatically different, it wasn't intentional, and it's not really reflective of anything going on. I think, having said that, I think everybody in the middle of this year, inside Autodesk and outside, took pause as there was that moment of panic, and just wanted to make sure that none of the sloppiness was seeping back into the system after the big purge of 2 years ago.
Mark J. Hawkins: I completely agree with Carl's point. And just -- we understand the duality, Keith, of investing, as Carl said. And then also chasing out the efficiencies that we should get only in the areas that makes sense, in the back-office, areas of that nature.
Carl Bass: Yes. And in many cases, this is kind of a win, win, win. If you look at something like electronic software delivery, over time it's going to lower the costs, but it provides a much better experience for our customers. So it also gets our resellers out of a bunch of non-value-added work. And so you look at the combination and you say that it's, first of all, good for customers, it's good for partners, it's good for us. And those are the kind of initiatives that I really like to see.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Excellent. And if I could sneak in one follow-up. Just on use of cash, considering [ph] trends this quarter in use of cash with 10 acquisitions. But you also saw a nice pickup in your repurchase activity, 3.5 million shares this quarter. To what extent do you expect those to continue, both those trends? One, is 10 deals in one quarter, is that an anomaly? Is that something unusual, or is that going to really pick up on a go-forward basis in terms of just taking up those smaller technology deals? And as far as repurchase, how much of that was related just to the fact that the share price got really low and you took advantage of it, or how much is a bigger commitment to repurchasing shares?
Carl Bass: Well let me answer the question about the acquisitions and Mark can handle the one about stock repurchase. I think the acquisition is somewhat anomalous if you go back over any period of time. It just so happened a whole bunch of stuff just lined up this quarter. It wasn't particularly intentional. But -- and as you see, it was $90 million in aggregate for 10 acquisitions. And there were a couple that were large enough to talk about, which means the others were really small. But I wouldn't read too much into it. I would be surprised. 10 acquisitions is generally about what we've been averaging per year, not per quarter, and I don't see really any change in the historical rate.
Mark J. Hawkins: And Keith, on the share buyback, you're absolutely correct in that we did step up a bit in this particular quarter. But what I would say to you is our philosophy hasn't changed in terms of covering our dilution. It just, again, will be a little bit lumpy at times. We'll look at the market and facts and circumstances. But the broader picture on the policy hasn't changed. But we'll look at the market and look at the situation.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Ashley of Robert Baird.
Chaitanya Yaramada - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: This is Chaitanya Yaramada for Steve Ashley. Just quickly, you noted a large $11 million deal in Asia Pacific in the prepared comments. Was this deal included in the guidance you gave last quarter?
Carl Bass: Not specifically this deal. All our deals are kind of factored in with the probability of closing in a particular quarter. So we had been working on that particular deal for a long time, as well as others. Some deals fell in this quarter. Some deals fell out this quarter. Big deal activity for us is not that important. We've often talked about the linearity of the quarters all through. And so what we saw this time as this one happened to close. There are at least a few deals that we anticipated in our guidance closing. They are now closed, but didn't close by the end of the quarter.
Chaitanya Yaramada - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated, Research Division: Okay, great. And then a follow-up. If you can just give us some color on the education vertical, given it was their year ender in the quarter. If you can comment on how did that vertical do versus your expectations?
Carl Bass: Yes. Our education revenue is not really substantial. No big plus or minuses there. No surprises.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Fatima Boolani of Jefferies.
Fatima Boolani - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: This is Fatima in for Ross MacMillan. Quick question on your direct sales force investment. You've mentioned that this is an area of priority in terms of investments at your Analyst Day, and you've reiterated that again. But just in terms of where these feet on the street are, is it sort of a regional thing, or the focus is just on bolstering the U.S.-based direct sales force?
Carl Bass: The effort has been broad. It's in some of the areas we're looking at. So first all, if you just look geographically, it's been broad. It's not just the U.S. It's certainly been in Europe. It's certainly been in Asia, as well as the emerging countries in all 3 geos. Generally speaking, it's been for those areas that we've called out as being new, and those in which there are large entities that kind of dominated. So one is in the area of construction. Certainly there's some in the area of Manufacturing. Those are the kind of places where we're looking. So it's kind the cross product of looking at the geography and then the economic structure of the industry. And so as we've gone into construction as opposed to broad-based AEC, that's something where it makes more sense to go to market with a direct sales force. The same thing is absolutely true as we look at PLM. For a certain class of enterprise customer, it's a direct sell.
Fatima Boolani - Jefferies & Company, Inc., Research Division: Okay. And just another question regarding Suites. Now that Suites are kind of in the 1 year, 1.5 year in stage for a lot of the newer ones, what are your plans around promotional campaigns? Are they going to be scaled back a bit, or are they going to become more aggressive as the new fiscal year begins?
Carl Bass: Yes. So we're really 1/2 a year into having Suites. We had introduced some at the end of last year, more as tests and pilots to better understand what's going on. The spring and going to the summer was the first introduction. So I'd say we're still early in it. We're adjusting the knobs and dials. A bunch of the questions that have already come up on the call were analyzing the data. "What are people buying? Where are they finding value? Which things are they using?" So we're going to continue to monitor closely the activity around Suites. And we will definitely adjust prices, packaging, as well as promotions as we look to maximize our investment there.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Dan Cummins of ThinkEquity.
Daniel T. Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: Okay. A final blast of AEC questions. With regard to the published comments about record AEC business and public agencies, just looking for color. Is that largely a comment about U.S. federal? Is there anything meaningful from other geographies? Was this good performance the result of longer lead time project business or more short term in nature? And just quick follow-ups.
Carl Bass: Yes. I would just say general overall improvement worldwide in AEC. So I think when you look -- for awhile, construction had dramatically slowed down worldwide. I think you've seen a stabilizing and, in fact, growth in certain areas. I think the government deals are more one-off, but aren't the major determinants of growth overall in the sector.
Daniel T. Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: Okay. Yes. There's some optimism there in terms of going forward, I guess, curiosity around, are you talking about stuff that's identifiable in the current sales funnel. But I hear what you're saying about short-term opportunities. if I could just move on...
Carl Bass: I was just going to say one thing, Dan. I mean, if you really want to look at it, what I think is driving it is the stabilization in the overall market coupled with the retooling efforts that we've talked about, where people want to get tools that make them more productive. So generally speaking, as people are going into the downturn, they were less interested in retooling. Now, as they start to see job prospects on the future, starts for buildings increasing, they want to make sure they're in the best position to compete for those. And when they win them, that they can perform them as effectively as possible. The big shift in our business has been from a business that originally served primarily the architects and somewhat the engineers, our engineering capabilities have gone out dramatically, and we have invested quite a bunch to make sure that we serve the builders, or the construction part of AEC. So I think there's overall secular trends going on there in terms of the adoption and technology in the industry that's being bolstered or supported by a general improvement in the overall economy.
Daniel T. Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC, Research Division: I guess, just last thing was just you mentioned penetrating utilities. Is that notable breakthrough? You have been talking about this as kind of a multiyear objective. Just some more color on that, too.
Carl Bass: Yes. I think if you look -- in addition to the things that we're doing with broad-based industry, you can look at things like utilities, where we're doing in transportation, the Department of Transportation, those are long sales cycles. And we've continued to invest in it. We think we have great products to serve those needs, but it's not a decision any of those entities take slightly. They don't do it particularly quickly. It takes us a long time. And we're in it for the long term, and we've continued to make those investments. And both in utilities, as well as in transportation agencies, we're starting to see the payoff.
Operator: With no further questions, I would like to turn the call back over to Dave Gennarelli for closing remarks.
David Gennarelli: Thanks. So first of all, I want to apologize for the technical quality at the beginning of the call and the interruptions. Secondly, I want to mention that in a couple of weeks, as Carl mentioned, that we have our Autodesk University event. We'll be hosting an Investor Relations event there on the 29th. Most of you are going to be there. We're also going to be at the Crédit Suisse Conference in Scottsdale on November 30, and the NASDAQ London Conference on December 6 in London.  And with that, we'll conclude the call and thanks for joining us.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect at this time. Have a great day.

===== 2012 Q2  (2011-08-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Hawkins - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President David Gennarelli - Director of Investor Relations Carl Bass - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Dennis Simson - Crédit Suisse AG Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC Daniel Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc. Brendon Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc. Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Steven Koenig - Longbow Research LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Second Quarter Autodesk Inc. Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host for today, Mr. Dave Gennarelli, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
David Gennarelli: Thanks, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss our second quarter fiscal 2012. Joining today from our Waltham office is Carl Bass, our Chief Executive Officer; and here in San Rafael is Mark Hawkins, our Chief Financial Officer.  Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. As noted in our press release, we have published our prepared remarks on our website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments, and we will not repeat them on this call. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the future performance of the company, such as our guidance for the third quarter and full year fiscal 2012, the factors we use to estimate our guidance, new products and suite releases and expected growth rates, certain future strategic transactions, business prospects and financial results, our market opportunities and strategies, and trends in sales initiatives for our products and trends in various geographies and industries. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time to time with the SEC, specifically, our Form 10-K for the fiscal year 2011, our Form 10-Q for the period ended April 30, 2011, and our periodic 8-K filings, including the Form 8-K filed with today's press release and prepared remarks. Those documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today, If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today's call, but will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter, unless we do so in a public forum. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today's press release, prepared remarks and on our Investor Relations website. We will quote a number of numeric changes as we discuss our financial performance. And unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison.  And now, I'd like to turn the call over to Carl.
Carl Bass: Thanks, Dave, and good afternoon, everyone. Financial markets grew weaker and more volatile by the week. Today was certainly no exception. It's a bit surreal announcing our results after the close of today's market, since we have lots of positive news to report. Across the board, our key financial metrics was strong, with growth across all geographies and business segments, better-than-expected operating margins and profitability and continued strong cash flow. Hoping driver growth was an increase in the demand for our suites.  There are several areas of notable growth and achievement. Highlights for the quarter include 16% growth in total revenue, 45% growth in total suites revenue, 24% growth in revenue from Asia-Pacific, 20% growth in record revenue in Manufacturing, 19% growth in AEC, 37% growth in maintenance billings, 22% growth in non-GAAP EPS, 18% growth in cash flow from operations, strong operating margins and record deferred revenue. From a geographic perspective, Asia Pacific continues to lead our growth. We saw straight across most countries, and we signed our largest contract ever in the region.  Our EMEA region posted solid growth based on strong performance of our Manufacturing products and our suites. What might be surprising to some is that our business in Europe grew across all regions, including Southern Europe. Our Americas team posted another quarter of double-digit revenue growth, which strengthened both our channel business, as well as major accounts. I mentioned that our Manufacturing business hit an all-time high for revenue, with solid growth in all our geographies, led by EMEA.  We're seeing some great wins with Factory Design Suite, and our Product Design Suite is performing really well. The strength of our manufacturing portfolio, anchored by our Inventor product, enables our sales team and channel partners to beat our competition with outstanding solutions for design and simulation. What's really great to see is that we're getting deeper penetration in certain industries where we historically have had a smaller presence, such as automotive and aerospace. In fact, last quarter, we signed our largest manufacturing deal ever, with a key global supplier in automotive and aerospace, displacing competitors with legacy technology. The combination of superior modern technology and a broad portfolio of products was a key factor in their decision.  After experiencing some softness in the first quarter, our AEC business had a terrific second quarter. AEC had strong growth across all geographies, led by Asia Pacific. Our Infrastructure Design Suites began shipping in early July and sales of Revit-related products have the biggest quarter ever. Suites was another driver of growth in Q2. All of our suites offer a tremendous value to our customers, and we couldn't be more pleased with the initial uptake of our newly launched design in creation suites. We're having success in selling suites to new customers and migrating existing customers from point products in older suites into our new suites. At their core, our suites facilitate the migration to model-based 3D design tools and helps eliminating the purchasing and interoperability complexity of stand-alone point products. They also increase value by improving the customers' workflow. It's a clear win-win scenario for our customers and for us. Helping drive growth across all geographies and business segments is the increasing success we're having with large enterprise customers. Initiatives and investments that we started last year targeting major accounts are paying off, as we continue to see an increase in large deals and related revenue. There are a number of other positives in our Q2 results. Our maintenance billing growth was the strongest we've seen it in the past 4 years. New customers see real value in signing up for our subscription program, and our attach rate is above prerecession levels. We're also having success with programs that get customers on subscription after upgrading from older versions. Two other positive trends in our subscription business is that our renewal rate is at a record high level and we are seeing an increase in multiyear subscriptions. We're also evolving our subscription business to provide even more value to our customers through web services. At our investor day event in June, I spoke to you about Autodesk's initiatives utilizing the cloud. Later this quarter, we'll be introducing a collection of new web-based services, adding unlimited computing power to our offering. This will transform the way our customers work by helping them design, visualize, simulate and share ideas more rapidly and effectively than they've ever been able to do before. Stay tuned for the launch and more details in the coming months. There's obviously been a lot of volatility in the markets over the past few weeks, including today. Despite that, our Q2 results were solid across the board, and we're confident in our ability to deliver on our third quarter and full-year guidance. Of course, we can't completely ignore today's economic headlines, and our guidance considers the recent macroeconomic news. We continue to deliver great value to our customers and are gaining market share against all of our major competitors. Despite the turmoil in the financial markets, the strength of our products, finances and our team of employees and partners gives me great confidence in our ability to succeed. Operator, we now like to open up the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Today's first question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with Goldman Sachs.
Perry Huang - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: This is actually Perry Huang for Heather. I just had a general macro-related question. Things are still obviously early days in terms of the direction of the economy and its potential impact over the near term. I was just wondering from a planning perspective, is there anything the management team is doing differently, if anything, this time around as compared to the end of '08? And also, from the perspective of your customers, are you hearing about them possibly doing anything different this time around?
Carl Bass: Yes, the one thing I would say is that I'm not sure it's really the early days. It's a little bit strange announcing results today, as I said. It was also strange in the Investor Day a couple of months ago, where we were out being fairly bullish, yet there was a lot of turmoil in the market. So I think it's just a -- it's a rocky road, people are uncertain when it comes to the financial markets. The thing that strikes me the most is the disconnect between what we're seeing in the financial markets and how our customers are behaving. Most of my recent meetings with customers have entirely been about -- they're seeing business be fairly strongly and it's been evidenced by most of the results that people have been reporting. And most of them feel like they made a number of adjustments during the recession. And I don't see them yet making big changes in what they're doing. So maybe they're somewhat blind to what's going on in the financial markets, Heather, right, maybe not.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Griffin Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Mark, I'd like to ask about your maintenance business. You had some comment about the attach and renewals rates. But I noticed that there was a small sequential drop in your active base, notwithstanding the strength of overall billings. Have you begun to see or does the guidance encompass any adverse effects in terms of attach or renewal rates for the remainder of the year? And is there any discernible difference in terms of maintenance performance across the verticals? Then a follow-up.
Mark Hawkins: So a couple of things, there Jay. one is that you're correct, that if you look at the installed base for subscription, it's down slightly sequentially. What's happened there is our educational installed is down a little bit, the commercial is actually up more one aspect of the business, but the net-net is a slight negative. That's not a really great indicator for the overall subscription business alone. What you touched on are some broader indicators that are very important. One is that as Carl said, our renewal is at a record level, and it continues to grow year-on-year and sequentially. The attach rate has been up again sequentially. So we like what we see. We like the value proposition that we're offering and the way our customers are responding to that. And we see a healthy trend there based on the data today. So we look to the second half, I would just say we can speak to the trend today, it looks good.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: Okay. With respect to suites, that you highlighted the momentum sequentially and year-over-year. Two things. Could you comment on your maintenance experience with suites? Is it similar to or better than stand-alone apps in terms of attach and renewal? And I imagine it's driving up your revenues per license. And are you seeing or might you expect some sort of transition effect or inverse relationship even between stand-alone apps and suites?
Carl Bass: Well, certainly, let me address the latter part at the beginning, in terms of stand-alone apps versus suites. As you see, our suites as a percent of our total business going from 23% in the last period to 29% of our total revenue this period. We're very, very pleased with the suites growth, as Carl called out. We're growing 45% year-on-year. And so I do think, over the long term, suites will be a bigger and bigger fraction of our total business. So that part, I would certainly address straight away. In terms of the revenue per license, over time, and we've talked about the uplift that you should expect. Again, it will take over time for that transition to come to bear. For example, some people that have upgraded to our new suites, when they do the renewal of their subscription, we'll see more ASP uplift there as an example. And in terms of the specific attach and renewal rates for suites, we haven't broken that out to disclose separately. I would fall back to say the trends that we're seeing in renewal and attach is strong as we've seen for years to come, including a multiyear subscription. We like the fact that, that's up. That's actually quite a nice sign from our customer.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Griffin Securities, Inc.: All right. Lastly, if the guidance turns out to be a bit optimistic, and what are your contingencies in terms of cost management responses, promotions, selling activities and the like? Might you, for instance, delay some of the new initiatives or services that you've been planning on the consumer side or the web side or simulation side or anything of that kind? Or do you temporarily, just to deal with the incremental costs?
Carl Bass: Jay, I don't think we would do much right now. I think a lot remains to be seen if there really is a big economic slowdown. I wouldn't jump to things like the new services and things like that. That makes more sense to continue to move forward with those things, since we've already invested the lion's share of the money in things like new services or new products. There's certainly parts of the business in certain initiatives that we would slow down. But I think it remains to be seen what actually the shape of it is. Right now, there's the big bogeyman out there that everybody's worried about, but I don't quite know quite the shape of the bogeyman. And I'm reluctant to be very public about plans about this imagine thing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank: Carl, just on Jay's point. On the last cycle, the margins did get cut in half. And I guess, the one thing investors want to hear is that, I know you don't have a contingency plan in place for now that you're giving us. But is there something different about this cycle versus the last cycle? And if we did see a downturn, do you think you would put a floor on the operating margin versus last cycle, when there really wasn't a floor? I'm just curious in terms of how you think about it, and if you think the cycle is any different, I know you mentioned the bogeyman, you don't know how it looks like right now, but?
Carl Bass: No, Brent, so listen, I think there's 2 interesting parts to it. So the first question and the thing that we've been wrestling with is trying to find evidence in our results that are similar to the last time. So I'm not going to sit here and say there's not a double-dip coming or there's not a big slowdown coming. What I would say is if it's coming, it doesn't look at all like the last one did. So none of the metrics that we saw go down last time have we seen evidence of yet. So I don't know if you remember correctly or precisely, but last time, we saw a slowdown in our Americas business about, 9 months or so before the collapse of Lehman. So if you want to date it by Lehman as being the official cataclysmic event, about 9 to 12 months before that is where we saw a slowdown in our Americas business. And it seem to go around the world and catch up. We also saw a number of things like subscription rates went down considerably. We also saw our run rate business, particularly LT and AutoCAD go down substantially and differentially than the other things. We've been looking for evidence in our numbers of things that look like the last downturn. And so far, we haven't found those. So I sit here today, we also have gotten to look at the first couple of weeks of our business in this quarter. And that famous graph that we like to show of the linearity of the quarter. It's perfectly on track for our expected plans for this quarter. So, so far, we haven't seen indications of it. So I just wanted to get that out of the way because I'm sure there's going to be a lot of questions from people about what if and when and what are you seeing. But so far, we can't find evidence of it. It doesn't mean that we're deaf and dumb and we're not listening to the news or looking at the reports and seeing what other people are saying. So the move to the second part of the question is, I would differ a little bit with you and I'd say there was a real floor last time. And while our operating margins got cut in half, I think we did a remarkably good job. And despite having our revenue go down by high 20-something percents decrease in revenue, the operating margins were always positive. They were always double-digits, and it rebounded fairly quickly. I think the question this time is, what is the actual situation? How does it differ? What's the most appropriate way to respond? And I think the other question, I think, for many companies, which is what I think someone was getting at before, is how should we respond to it this time? I worry too much about a lack of investment through what will be a 5-year period, if companies slowdown too much and cut too far back on their initiatives. So I think we've demonstrated our flexibility and agility in being able to respond. But I'm not committed to getting out of the gate ahead of it, especially since we haven't seen it yet.
Mark Hawkins: The other thing I'd like to add just to all the points that Carl made is that in addition to this comment on linearity this quarter, one of the things you'll note in the prepared comments is that our linearity in the last quarter finished strong. And again, that's not what you would typically look for in a -- it's not the typical signal that we would be concerned about. I also called out the multiyear subscription is one of the first things that comes off the table when our customers are starting to get nervous, and that actually increased substantially for us this year, this quarter. So just a couple of extra comments.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brendon Barnicle with Pacific Crest securities.
Brendon Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.: I wanted to follow up on the strength you are noting in the suites business, I mean if we can quantify that a little bit more? I know there were promotions during the quarter that get people to upgrade on that. Did you see or can you qualify the type of -- maybe ASP lift you were seeing around suites and where that -- and where to quantify, how much that might've impacted what we saw in the outperformance on the license side?
Mark Hawkins: Actually, I would say it's -- my sense is that the suites ASP effect is really just barely begun to take effect and show relative to the way I think it will over time. Again, we talked about, for people that did an upgrade, basically, through some of the promotions, Brendan, that you're referencing, that was a minor ASP lift. But when they do the renewal, there'll be another lift. And we're just beginning to see the front end of the ASP lift. So it's too early to give a really good quantitative figure, other than expect that, that will show up more later.
Brendon Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.: Well that leads into my follow-up, which is on -- in here we saw that the great improvement in maintenance billings and you listed out attach and renewal rates and a few other things there. Any way to quantify, sort of the suite impact on that? And whether how much of that we're starting to see? Is that the same situation as the licenses? Are we starting to see that sooner or later?
Mark Hawkins: I think it's going to -- I think there are -- we really break that out and call that a headliner per se. I would say that the drivers for the maintenance billings, which is the highest we've seen in the long-term, is a function of commercial new licenses, is a function of cross grades, is a function of multi-years, it's a function of big-deal renewals. It's a function of increased attach and renewal rates and aggregate showing up across all the geographies, and to a small degree, FX. So really a broad-based response to a nice customer offering that's getting -- the value proposition's getting better.
Brendon Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities, Inc.: And along the same line, we saw it looks like the best maintenance growth in about 2.5 years. So should we expect that we see, given what we're seeing in the billings, it would be right to assume that we would see continued sort of acceleration in that growth on the maintenance side?
Mark Hawkins: Yes, we don't guide in that aspect. But I think your notion that we're putting deferred revenue on the books that's going to show up over time, I think you want to model that out with all the algorithms that you guys naturally do. But I think it's a good sign that these billings are being booked to your point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: I would just like to drill down on some of the promotions and just a general point product to suite migration activity. And can you talk about the success or were you having success getting people moving from point products onto suites? And specifically, from 2D point products on to suites?
Carl Bass: Yes, I mean, the 2 things that I noted in my comments, Steve, where we were very successful in moving people from point products to suites, as well as moving people from some of the older suites. Because remember, we introduce that big bunch of suites this year and towards the end of last year. And so -- but we had some existing suites in the market. So we were both successful in transitioning people from the older suites to new ones, as well as moving them from point products. In some ways, if you just step back and think about it, the collection of products that are put together in suite are really meant as a collection of tools that work well together. And as we've always said, moving from 2D to 3D is just the first step. The real payoff for moving from 2D to 3D comes in that collection of tools that surround it, that allow for analysis and simulation and visualization. All those things that contribute to a better understanding of your design. And so the tools that we put together in the pack, in a suite, are exactly designed to do that. And when you look more closely at the suites, the sweet spot for the suites, "Sweet spot for the suites," is the premium level, which is the middle tier. And what we saw is really the performance of the middle tier, as well as the top-tier. And as pointed out, even in the last call, the top-tier continues to exceed our expectations.
Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And then maybe you could offer a comment on Japan and how that performed in the period?
Mark Hawkins: Sure. In terms of Japan, we normally don't call out all the real specifics in each of the countries. But Japan was actually, we're very pleased with it. We know they've overcome an incredible natural disaster. We had strong growth in Japan.
Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: Great. And just real quickly, the multiyear subscriptions, I'm assuming those are billed for just one year at a time.
Mark Hawkins: Actually, the multiyear subscriptions, they actually are billed up front. And it could be mixed, but largely, they're billed up front.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Blair Abernethy with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Carl, I just wondered, maybe you can dig in a little more for us on some of the success you're having in the automotive and the aerospace verticals. What's changing there? And are you supplementing what engineers have in these sectors? Or are you are you displacing or what?
Carl Bass: I think 2 things have changed. I think, by nature, both those industries, for really good reasons are fairly conservative, yet they both faced a bunch of economic pressure and they're looking for better tools to get their jobs done. We've been in the market for a while, but it takes a while to convince people of our seriousness in the market, the capabilities of our tools. And we've been slowly building credibility, which has really reached kind of tipping point where we are being on everybody's consideration list. In the early days of having our products, many times, we didn't even really make the consideration list, now we're always there and we're being seriously considered. Second thing that's going on is we've really broadened our portfolio all the way from conceptual design tools, all the way to Factory Design tools and everything in between. And particularly, as we've entered the market with more and more simulation and analysis tools, people understand that we're very serious about these markets. That in many cases, we have much better technology, and it's much more accessible. And so I think for all the reasons we win, we've done that. Now I'd say the other thing that really has helped is we've gone to market differently. Starting really during the downturn, we made a significant investment in our major accounts. Many of these sales cycles involved in aerospace and automotive take quite a bunch of time, they require a bunch of consulting services, and we made those investments. And so while we've probably -- the last 3 to 5 years, we've had products that were more than capable of displacing competitors. We didn't have the complete offering. We didn't have the right to way to go-to-market, as we've increased our footprint with major account sales people, as well as our consulting services, we now have what they need to actually choose us. And I'd say in many cases, we're displacing competitors, Most of these companies have already had stuff. In some cases, we're expanding the footprint within it to reach other users who may not have had the tools. But a lot of it is displacement of kind of the legacy, the old crusty, expensive stuff.
Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay, and just Mark, I wonder if you could just help us on your G&A this quarter improved quite nicely sequentially. Is that sort of a level we're going to be running at now? Or could you just explain that a bit?
Mark Hawkins: Yes, some of the -- what happened there, you can appreciate it when we go into the second quarter, some of the French goes down is one thing. The other thing is that we are managing costs very, very tightly. So as far as going forward, I don't want to guide you in a -- per se, but we are trying to keep a tight lever on that, while making the investments essential for supporting the infrastructure to grow the company.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Carl, you mentioned some of the things in the numbers that were the leading indicator as you went into the slowdown. But what were the customers saying? What were the body language that kind of gave the leading indicator to the slowdown in their spending habits as you went into last recession?
Carl Bass: What we saw last time was a real reduction in their pipelines. Many of them are already working with smaller workloads than they did when they went into the last recession. Many companies have been much more resourceful in where they're finding work, how they're doing work, the size of their workforce, it's been one of the issues behind unemployment in a number of places. So I mean, last time what we saw -- started to see was delayed deals, smaller deals, non-renewals or smaller renewals. And I think people were pretty freaked out. This time, I've been with a lot of customers over the last few weeks, and there's a little bit of sense of immunity, or they just have the sense, what, we've seen this movie before, we don't think the world's coming to an end. Many of them regret having not been more aggressive during the last downturn and being so reactive to the slowdown, but not in a long-term, healthy way. So most the customers I see right now, they're worried about getting new products out. But they don't have that same sense of fear that we saw last time.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. And then a follow-up on those, on the suite side, can you give us a sense of the order of magnitude, which of the suites is contributing the most now? And how should that evolve over, let's say, the next 12 months?
Carl Bass: Yes, I think the biggest contributor and the biggest surprise to the upside has been in the Building Design Suite, particularly because as we looked at the macroeconomic factors going on, this would not be a particular time you would have guessed that the Building Design Suite would be leading the charge, given all the economic factors out there. So that's pretty much surprised us the most. But the Product Design Suite's done well. Some of the -- and both of those are building off previously existing suites. The numbers on the other seats, like Factory Design Suite, Plant Design Suite, the basic design suite, those all are coming off much smaller bases and the movement from point products. So while the growth has been -- exceeded our expectations, those numbers are relatively small.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc: Just a couple of questions here, mostly financial in nature. I guess, first, just trying to understand on this, we noted the change in the FX methodology that was in the press release. Can you just clarify relative to the guidance you gave last quarter, did you change it since that guidance? And what impact it had relative to the guidance range you gave last quarter? And then, also, any impact that, that FX change methodology had on the 13% growth guidance for the year versus prior 12%?
Mark Hawkins: Yes, first of all, Walter, happy to address that. Keep in mind the change in the FX is actually quite straightforward. The U.S. dollar, no effect, no change, we've given guidance in U.S. dollar. The only thing that we did for this particular improvement is we just simply took out the gains and losses on hedge. And what that allows you to do is just have a better insight on what's happening in the local currency in terms of revenue. That's the upshot of this. So it's really quite straightforward from that standpoint. In terms of the impact, we even modeled the old methodology, and you can see it in the fact sheet.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc: Yes, I got it. I saw the 10 versus the 14.
Mark Hawkins: So it's really -- this is like really immaterial, the only thing that we find that's interesting, is when you go to try to understand for example, how Europe's doing, we can take a look at the constant currency rate and not have to worry about our four quarter layered hedge gains and losses, and you have a better understanding of what's happening on the ground, and yet, when you look at the FX impact, you can actually see the full effect, including the gains and losses.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc: Got it, great. That makes sense. And then, Carl, just on share gain comments, I guess, we talked to other players in the space, I mean everybody sort of claims that they're gaining share and defending turf or expanding into new turf. I think mostly, is around manufacturing. I think in the AEC space, not so much contended. But just curious, is it market industry estimates? Or is it your own work that -- or is it anecdotal that convinces you're gaining share Manufacturing and just maybe a little bit more detail on that would be helpful.
Carl Bass: Good. I always find this slightly amusing. That mathematical fact is the subject of so much argument by anecdote. It seems much better to go back to the math. And I think there are only 2 ways to look at market share. One is you can look at the number of seats and the other is to look at the amount of revenue. And I think if you do the math by those measures on any apples-to-apples comparison, I think that's where my comments come from. So I always find it amusing when somebody says, their CAD business is growing by 3%, but we're gaining share. I just don't know the how that's mathematically possible.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc: Got it. And then just, Mark, I just had one quick one on the maintenance billings and you mentioned long-term was driving it. I'm just trying to get a sense of if you're doing anything different there to try to incent that type of behavior, if that's just truly the customer feeling better about things and going longer to...
Mark Hawkins: Yes, it's actually, Walter, the customer feeling better. We're seeing that in the channel, we're seeing where there's no unique incentives. It's different than what's been there in the past. We offer a very small incentive, if they want to go multiyear, that's been consistent. What they're doing is their behavior is just different. And I think we like that trend and we like what we see there.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley: I was wondering just from a high-level perspective, obviously, you guys aren't seeing any impact in your business from the macro, but investors are. And significant pullback in your stock price. Looking at that versus $1.6 billion of cash on your balance sheet, any thoughts about getting more aggressive there or perhaps on using that cash to more aggressively buy back shares, considering the big pullback that we've seen?
Carl Bass: Yes, I mean, generally speaking, our program is around offsetting dilution. But certainly, when you see such a dramatic pullback, it's more than crossed our minds. At this point, we have no commitments to doing. But we certainly have thought about it a lot. And we generally don't try to time the market around that, but it's just, it's staring us in the face. So we've given a lot of consideration to it.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley: Got it. And then on your hiring plans for the year, kind of -- had there been any changes, given sort of -- you made a remark earlier that you're not blind to what you're seeing out in the financial markets and all the uncertainty out there. Has there been any impact on your hiring plans throughout the back half of the year? Or sort of the expense ramp? Or is it just business as usual for Autodesk going forward into the back half?
Carl Bass: No, I think we've definitely kind of put up the yellow flag. I don't want to put up the red flag because I think that's usually disruptive to the business, I think if we were to go through another period like that, if it was unwarranted. It unnecessarily -- is a jerky response to it. But we have been observant of it. What I would say is most of our investment has been moved closer to revenue generating activities. So the things that we want to preserve are the introduction of new products and services and continued investment in our go-to-market activities major accounts, our investment in the channel, marketing programs and promotions around, like suites and Web services. So where we would continue to invest until it seems unhealthy would be closer than the go-to-market activities, where we've pulled back from or proceeding much more cautiously is those things with much longer payback. Some of the R&D initiatives and things like that. And in many cases, we're just doing the work of figuring out which area, how to categorize these things, how to think about it. And we'll see but we want to continue to invest in this go-to-market activities to make it through. I mean 1 of the things that we saw is we have a certainly, a number of directions we're heading in as a result of the adjustments we made during the last downturn. Our investment in major accounts and consulting is a good one. Our relationships with a number of large system integrators. We'd like to continue that going through and I'd hate to pullback on that. And come out of this a year from now, and not have those in place. When they've been so successful, and I think in some ways, they speak to what's kind of booming our results, in certainly a rocky economic time.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley: Got it. And if I could sneak 1 last one in, just wondering about spending with governments in general. Both sort of U.S. Federal Government, as well as, perhaps the most -- particularly in Europe. In Europe, we're seeing a lot of austerity measures and in the U.S., were seeing crazy budget ceiling price. Any impact on your business from all this turmoil going on in terms of -- at least, what it appears like from the outside and from governments?
Carl Bass: Yes, what we've seen is uneven release of the money. So I think there's 2 things that go on. 1 is the policy decisions about how to spend the money, which is the ones that get the big headlines. In fact, what we've seen to be slightly more important is kind of the back end to the process, where the money actually gets released. And as our elected officials in Washington kind of gummed up the works, money got held back, we saw some of that happen early in the quarter. And so there is no doubt that government officials around the world have the ability to borrow up government spending, and it could have an impact. But it's somewhat tied to how they release funds a little bit more so than how they plan on spending the money.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley: So the funds might be that they're just getting sort of procurements more difficult?
Carl Bass: The difference might be something like if you look at something like infrastructure spending, it's many, many years before the money is first committed to the time that a project is built. That can be 5 to 10 years. So what's less important is whether or not they agree to move forward with a big infrastructure project, as compared to whether they're releasing funds from ones they've already committed to. I think -- 1 other thing I was just thinking about, I think we look a lot at government spending in places like the U.S. and Western Europe. But the other things to remember is, the other governments of the world, particularly the emerging economies and what the governments are doing there. There's significant spend in places like China, India, Brazil, Russia. They all performed really well and there's a lot of government spending there. And it seems to be on a very different track than what's going on in the U.S. and Western Europe.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan Cummins with Thinkequity.
Daniel Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC: A couple of questions. First, I wanted to know, Carl, if you could talk about your Direct business. I guess, maybe comparing the results and versus expectations this quarter and the prior quarter. And I guess I -- perhaps have never asked before, how much of that extends into emerging markets? Curious also about Revit adoption by the global geo regions and then finally, on DOT opportunities and infrastructure, do you expect to see approximately the same amount of vendor review opportunity along the lines of, I think, what you had in California going forward, even as some of the state finances are hobbled perhaps?
Carl Bass: Yes, so let me see if I get this right, there's a Revit adoption question about DOT and vendor review. And the first part of your question?
Daniel Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC: Yes, your Direct business, kind of what's -- how's that been trending over the last couple of quarters and the mood of the big customers, I guess, fine to ask it over the last 6 to 8 weeks, if you sense anything different about their ability, I guess, to build firewalls around Wall Street and bank nonsense?
Carl Bass: So what I'd say is our direct business has done really well. It's exceeded our expectations. It's partially a function of the customers' behavior, but it's also a function of the fact that we've been adding capacity to our direct sales force. And as they ramp up over time, you have greater capacity. So it's a combination of the 2 of those things. It's been interesting conversations. I mean, everyone's been crass [ph] about it. But in many of the meetings I've had with major accounts, there's almost a gallows humor about the financial markets. And I think everyone sees it, everybody hopes it doesn't affect it, but I don't think everyone of us is naive enough to believe that if it continues, that it won't affect our businesses. I think many of us are behaving in response to the things that we can see and feel everyday and running our businesses according to those plans and observations. And many of our major accounts are moving forward, if it wasn't for the downturn in the financial markets, I'd be sitting here telling you about hiring, we're seeing in the construction business, increasing projects that people were gearing up for. Now like I said, on one hand, I'm seeing that, on the other hand, I've been around long enough to know that if the banks go into another really bad period, and credit tightens up, you're not going to see financing of those projects. So right now, it's a little bit schizophrenic and it's hard to balance out those 2 things. But what we saw as our direct business is growing. It's doing really well. And in many cases, it's enabling us to reach customers that we weren't able to reach before. And like I talked about in aerospace and automotive, what the direct salespeople really allow us to do is take what I believe to be equal or better products to what already exists in the market and add the other components to it about how our customer really wants to buy and get service from us. So I'm feeling really good in whether it's aerospace or automotive or what you see at the DOTs, that's a result of our direct business. Revit adoption has really been strong. Revit is closely tied in the markets of this concept of BIM or building information modeling. BIM has been on a roll, it's way past the tipping point, it's doing incredibly well. People are thinking about BIM not only in terms of buildings, but in terms of civil infrastructures. So it's been doing really, really well. It's been doing well across the world, lots of countries, it's doing really well. We're seeing it strong in United States, we're seeing it strong in EMEA, particularly Australia and New Zealand. And the thing that I find most exciting about it is that early on in the rollout of Revit, there was a lot of adoption by the architectural community. As we proceeded further, there's a huge take-up in what's going on with engineering firms, as well as what's going on in construction with the large, general contractors. And that's obviously a much bigger portion of this global $4.2 trillion industry. So what I'm excited about is the use of BIM all across the value chain. And if you just look at the numbers from our point of view, Revit revenue, was at an all-time high. On the DOTs, DOTs have a calendar for their vendor review. And I think they will continue to proceed along that. A little less sensitive to the economic cycle. We feel good about the Department of Transportation, we've won in the United States and announced. We feel really good about the pipeline of opportunities, both in the United States, North America and around the world. And we're doing really well there. When you look at it right now with government revenues down, the DOTs are feeling real pressure to improve that process and to be more responsive and to get better projects built and brought to market much sooner. And that's what our tools do. So we have something valuable to say and to add to the process of how DOTs go about doing their work, as well as the whole supply chain, the whole value chain that supports them. It's all about getting things built better and getting them built more quickly.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Koenig with Longbow Research.
Steven Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: Just a couple of questions here. one is more of a narrow question first. The growth, particularly in the license and other line looks like -- it looks like it was led by upgrade and cross-grade, it was really good. The comparison looks pretty easy relative to last year. Could you maybe break that down a little bit for us or give some color on what drove the growth there in the upgrade and cross-grade?
Mark Hawkins: Well, one of the things that drove that is the fact that as we were introducing the suites, we gave people opportunities that had point products to actually upgrade to a suite. And -- so that's one of the factors that was involved there, Steve.
Steven Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Was that the major factor, would you say, Mark?
Mark Hawkins: I'd say probably is one of the major factors, yes.
Carl Bass: Yes, the most significant was cross grade hasn't been as big a part of it over the last few quarters. And this was a good upgrade, cross grade opportunity for many of the customers.
Mark Hawkins: I think the simplified upgrade, just continues to in the past, continues to have a favorable effect on this now today.
Steven Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: Okay, great. And then one other -- maybe a little broader question here is, I've been tracking your revenue growth, both in Manufacturing and AEC, versus employment levels. And you consistently have demonstrated an ability to grow significantly faster than staffing levels. For instance, in architecture and generic [ph] services or manufacturing, even when employment is relatively flat. But you certainly have been very levered to change the employment, especially in the last downturn. I'm wondering, is that kind of leverage to the employment level, the kind of relationship we should continue to expect? Or do you think things like BIM and the growth of your Direct business and the suites, do they provide you -- how do they affect that relationship?
Carl Bass: I think it's really -- look, the overall macroeconomic environment clearly affects our business. We saw during the last downturn, when spending turns off, it certainly affects our business. But I don't think there's great causal relationship between the number of people out there, the number of people employed. As a matter of fact, what we see during slowing economic times or low growth times like now, is this need for huge process improvement and efficiency. And I think during these times, that's where we make it up, is that people need to find ways to get the same amount of work done with smaller workforces. And they're looking for tools that drive efficiency. So I think the correlations out there. I would also say, there are places in the world that we sometimes tend to forget about that have big shortages in skilled labor. So I recently heard that in Brazil, they have 100,000 too few architects and engineers for the projects that they want to build. And almost 2 million people -- there's a deficit of 2 million skilled construction laborers. So there are parts of the world in which there is a need for more employment, even if in the U.S. and the EU, you see other things. So we found over time, difficult to correlate some of the simple numbers to our actual performance. But we certainly know we're not immune to overall macroeconomic stuff.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Philip Winslow with Crédit Suisse.
Dennis Simson - Crédit Suisse AG: This is Dennis Simson, for Philip Winslow. Could you guys comment about what you're seeing in the Manufacturing vertical across regions? Some of the ISM and PMI indicators are rolling over and we're just curious what the feedback from customers has been?
Carl Bass: Yes, sure. Yes, I mean, Manufacturing was really strong for us, it demonstrated strong growth. It was our biggest Manufacturing quarter ever. So we're really pleased with what we saw. When you try to break it down geographically, I mean, I would say relative strength across the world, the U.S. was strong. Central Europe was strong, northern Europe was strong, parts of Asia were strong. So I mean, it seems like the PMI moves much more quickly than the manufacturers do. I think if you saw a continued downward trend, they become more worrisome. But right now, what we saw is a fair amount of strength and like I said, it was our strongest quarter ever in Manufacturing with -- when you look at the subtext of it, lots of nice factors inside those numbers, when we look at individual products and suites and product adoption, renewal rates around subscription. A lot of the stuff underlying that number was really positive as well.
Operator: Today's final question comes from the line of Matt Hedberg with RBC Capital Markets.
Matthew Hedberg - RBC Capital Markets, LLC: I guess, Carl, broadly speaking within sort of in a large slobs here, enterprise, SMB and professional markets, where did you see the most upside versus your internal expectations? We've kind of talked about this a couple of different slices. But I guess I'm wondering in that slice?
Carl Bass: Yes, I mean, this time, nothing stuck out particularly. I think we continue to be pleased by how well we're doing in the enterprise accounts. But I would also say that I was really pleased by the resiliency of what we saw in the small and medium, as well as the small thing. Like I said, that was one of the places where we look to because of what we had seen last time going into the downturn. We've found that a much more difficult environment to control than the ones in which we have direct relationships with your customers. And so we were very mindful of what was going on with our channel partners, as well as what was going on kind of with volume channels, and people buying in really small numbers. And the run rate business continued to be strong. So I would say those numbers were resilient. And our suites business was primarily driven by our channel partners. I talked about this before that while suites is applicable across a broad range of our customers, the most appropriate place for it is through the smaller medium customers that buy through our channel partners. The smaller customers may not be willing to invest in such a big portfolio of products, and our enterprise customers have other flexible licensing options to get the same functionality. So it was really pretty solid across the various channels.
Operator: That does conclude our question-and-answer session for today. I would like to give it back to Dave Gennarelli for closing remarks.
David Gennarelli: Thanks, operator. That concludes our call today. Just as a note, we will be at the city conference in New York City on September 8. And we'll also be hosting our AEC webinar on September 14, and stay tuned for more details on that. Otherwise, if you have any further questions, you can reach me at (415) 507-6033. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you so much for your participation. You may now disconnect, and have a great day.

===== 2012 Q1  (2011-05-19 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Hawkins - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President David Gennarelli - Director of Investor Relations Carl Bass - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co Derek Bingham - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank Daniel Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies Steven Koenig - Longbow Research LLC
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the first quarter 2012 Autodesk Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the presentation over to Mr. Dave Gennarelli, Director, Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
David Gennarelli: Thanks, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss our first quarter fiscal 2012. Joining me today are Carl Bass, our Chief Executive Officer; and Mark Hawkins, our Chief Financial Officer. Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. As noted in our press release, we have published our prepared remarks in our website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments and we will not repeat them on this call. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the future performance of the company, such as our guidance for the second quarter and full year fiscal 2012, the taxes we use to estimate our guidance, new product and suite releases, certain future strategic transactions, business prospects and financial results, our market opportunities and strategies, the trends in sales initiatives for our products and trends in various geographies and industries. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time to time with the SEC, specifically, our Form 10-K for the fiscal year 2011 and our periodic Form 8-K filings, including the Form 8-K filed with the today's press release and prepared remarks. Those documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today's call but will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today's press release, prepared remarks and on the Investor Relations section of our website. We will quote a number of numeric changes as we discuss our financial performance, and unless otherwise noted, each such reference represents a year-on-year comparison. And now, I would like to turn the call over to Carl Bass.
Carl Bass: Thank you and good afternoon. Our first quarter results reflect a solid start to fiscal 2012. There are several areas of notable growth and achievement. Highlights for the quarter include: 11% growth in total revenue; 23% growth in revenue from commercial new licenses; 38% growth in non-GAAP EPS; strong operating margin growth; record deferred revenue; and the launch of our 2012 product line, including our new Design and Creation Suites.  Asia Pacific again led the growth for the quarter from a geographic perspective, and we also experienced strong growth in the Americas. Our EMEA region posted solid growth despite a difficult compare as it benefited the most from last year's promotion. Our Manufacturing business delivered another solid quarter, with growth in all geographies and particular strength in the Americas and APAC. Within our Manufacturing segment, revenue from commercial new licenses grew a strong 32% compared to the first quarter last year. We experienced strong growth in our data management business through broader penetration across industries and geographies. Enterprise and SMB customers are choosing our data management solution for its state-of-the-art technology, cost effectiveness and ease of use. Over the past 3 years, we've been building our portfolio of broad-based simulation technologies and will continue to democratize these technologies by bringing robust tools to design engineers. For example, during the quarter, we acquired Blue Ridge, a leading provider of simulation software specializing in computational fluid dynamics to add to our Simulation portfolio.  Our AEC [Architecture, Engineering and Construction] business grew 3% during the quarter. We experienced softness in our infrastructure business -- excuse me, our AEC business grew 3% during the quarter. We experienced softness in our infrastructure business in Q1 but we are looking forward to the introduction of our new infrastructure Design Suites, which we'll launch in Q2. The market demand and acceptance for products based on building information modeling technology is accelerating.  While we are disappointed by the tepid growth, when you consider that the majority of our PSEB [Platform Solutions and Emerging Business] revenue is sold into the AEC industry, our total sales to AEC customers are better than it may appear. Our strongest growth in the quarter was generated by our PSEB and Media and Entertainment business segments. Growth was driven by customer demand for our horizontal design and animation products, respectively. We also closed the acquisition of Scaleform, which adds strong UI [user interface] tools and middleware to our Media and Entertainment group's robust portfolio of tools for game development.  The most significant event for us in Q1 was the launch of several new Design and Creation Suites. While we did not ship these suites until very late in the quarter, our customers and partners are very excited about the suites. As you might imagine, the subject of suites was a major portion of the sales kickoff meeting we held during the quarter. We've been doing a lot of education and training with our sales people and channel partners. And today, we've had over 1,200 employees and nearly 4,900 channel partner employees trained on the new suites. There are a number of other positives in our Q1 results. We continue to see our subscription attach and renewal rates rise, and are now at levels at or above prerecession levels. And our balance sheet remains strong, with deferred revenue experiencing solid double-digit growth. Channel inventory remains at historically low levels and our cash balance is over $1.5 billion. I also want to take a moment to say that we're very thankful that none of our employees or partners was physically harmed in the earthquake or tsunami in Japan. They have shown incredible courage and resilience in the face of this tragedy. It's clear from the extent of the devastation that it will take some time before the economic situation in Japan returns to normal. We did experience some softness in Japan in the first quarter. Looking ahead, we have factored this into our guidance. Beyond that, we are looking forward to our tools helping the companies and people of Japan in their rebuilding process. Overall, we're pleased with the solid start to fiscal 2012. The better-than-expected start, coupled with a more positive outlook for the rest of the year, has allowed us to raise our expectations of our revenue and margins for the full year. It's clear that we are participating in the general market recovery. And it's also clear the rate of recovery differs by geography and by industry. We're very confident about our market position and strategy and more excited than ever about the opportunities before us. We will continue to focus on executing our strategy and driving growth in revenue, margins and profitability. Operator, we would now like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your first question comes from the line of Dan Cummins from ThinkEquity.
Daniel Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC: If we could just go back to the AEC results for a little more detail before you get back into what else you could perhaps tell us about infrastructure. The suite's results appear very, very strong. We're curious what else you're seeing in your business that correlates to a very rapid adoption of model-based IT by the construction verticals. Maybe something on how your data and project management tools are doing.
Carl Bass: Yes, so first thing I'll tell you is, we were a little bit late in getting the infrastructure suites out there for this quarter. It was according to plan that they will be coming. And so we're looking forward to the infrastructure tools coming out. I think generally speaking, what we're seeing in the market is broad-based adoption of building information modeling. And just as we started in the architecture and engineering part of the market, it is moving over to the construction part of the industry, which is the biggest economic opportunity for us to the construction market. And what we're seeing is broad-based adoption, we're seeing mandates in government, we're seeing lots of agencies requiring the use of building information modeling. And what we're really seeing is the payoff for people using these model-based tools, the payoff being that you can simulate and analyze, estimate things, where the greatest benefit is in the construction part of it. So we're seeing a lot of good stuff happening there.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Brent Thill from UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank: Carl, on the Suite sales, they were very strong, up 17% year-over-year. Can you just give us a sense of what you think about in terms of the pipeline, what you're seeing? You mentioned that you've gotten a lot of your employees trained. How much more training do you have left? And just a quick follow-up for Mark, if you could talk a little bit about -- you're bumping up your full year guidance to 12% growth from over 10% originally, what are you hearing from customers that are giving you this increased confidence?
Carl Bass: Yes. So Brent, just starting with the Suites. We were really pleased with the results so far. Like we said, we only had about a month of the new Suites in this quarter. We had some of the existing suites but what we saw is really the demand was led by our customers. And channel partners are often skeptical when we introduce new things. And what we saw in the fall last year, when we were piloting some of the Suites, were some skepticism or some reluctance to go whole hog, I think the value that Suites provides was seen clearly by the customers, and that motivated our channel partners to get a lot of their people trained as fast as possible. So we're really encouraged by the small amount of data we have so far and I'm looking forward to into the second quarter when we'll have a complete quarter of results for the Suites.
Mark Hawkins: And then just to chip in also, in terms of the approximately 12% growth rate looking to the entire fiscal year, I think we like the way the year started in Q1. We felt good about that. I think we also, I think you're aware, we get a lot of good input from our channel and all the different geos, our channel partners, they give us a good view of our funnel, the way the future's looking from that standpoint, and so I think we factor that in as well as our view on how Manufacturing is proceeding to lead the way. Asia Pac's proceeding to lead the way, and I think Suites kind of come into full bloom, if you will. And I think that really gives us the confidence to put out the approximately 12%.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Winslow from Crédit Suisse.
Philip Winslow - Crédit Suisse AG: Carl, I wonder if you could just spend another minute just looking at the verticals again. Obviously, Manufacturing continues to be very strong for you guys and you've talked a little bit on to the commercial construction front. Yes, wondering if you could give us a sense to just, in particular, what you are seeing in Manufacturing versus the others and just sort of how sustainable this very high growth that you have is? And if there's anything, yes, by geography that's really driving it, U.S. versus EMEA, et cetera?
Carl Bass: Yes. Sure, Phil. I mean, so what I saw is all through the downturn, the vertical that stayed the strongest was Manufacturing. And it continues to be very strong coming out of it. And it's more so than the others uniformly strong across the geos. I think one of the reasons is our unique competitive position in the Manufacturing market. As we've talked about, I think we sell great technology, a great value, it's in the right part of the market. And we are really the disruptor in that market. And we continue to win business, both new business, converting some of our customers to new 3D technology, but most often, winning share from other competitors. I think it's just better technology, better value of the products. So Manufacturing continues to be strong. I think when you look at some of the other verticals, I think it's a little bit more varied across the different geographies and across the different subsegments, if you will. And what we saw this time was pretty good growth in AEC in the Americas, but the backdrop is there are parts of weakness in AEC or places that still haven't recovered. We had temporary things like the spending freeze in Washington D.C. for a period of time. I mean, there are just these little things. There are parts of Europe that certainly haven't recovered, and commercial construction hasn't. So what I'm most happy about has enabled us to have produced such good results with a still not fully healthy AEC market. So we look forward to as the AEC market recovers. The one thing, we kind of pointed out, in my remarks was -- I think to really understand AEC, you have to really look at it, combined to some degree with PSEB. Some of those products sell primarily into the AEC market and so it's not a perfect alignment between the divisions we report on and the end-user customer segments.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Ashley from Robert W. Baird.
Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: I actually just like to drill down again on the AEC business. Can you give us any kind of metrics around, if we look at the Civil 3D and some of the infrastructure products, how they were year-over-year? And in contrast maybe how Revit or some of the Revit Suites performed in the period?
Carl Bass: Yes, so Steven I don't want to break down individual products. And as we move to suites, it becomes less important. I think what I would look at is, wait for the introduction of our infrastructure suite during this quarter. Generally speaking, we feel really good about our AEC business. We're really pleased by the adoption of the technology, people realizing that this building information modeling is really a game changer. And that's what we consistently saw, both in talking to customers, talking to our partners. And the one thing I've said many times is a single quarter doesn't make a data point. So I think, when you look at PSEB and AEC together, it's about the growth rate that I would've expected. It was a little lopsided towards PSEB. If that happens again, we can have a more robust conversation about it.
Mark Hawkins: Yes. And I mean, just building on Carl's comment there. The Revit Suites we’ve been called out in the disclosure of 25% growth. And so the Revit suites look good to Carl's point and I think and building on what he said, what I feel really good about, is the infrastructure suites are about to come to bloom as well. So probably a good context.
Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And then in EMEA, if you look at it in kind of net out that promotion from a year ago, it was particularly strong. Can you give us any color on kind of where that strength was? Was it products or markets or verticals or anything you could tell us there?
Carl Bass: No, I think you're absolutely right that if you net out the promotion, EMEA performed quite well. I think it was fairly consistent across EMEA, across the sub-regions, as well as the various disciplines. A little bit spotty but generally, it was very healthy and very robust across Europe. And so we were pleased with the results. The combination of what we saw there when you factor out the promotion and stuff led us to changing our estimates for what we expect this year.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer from Griffin Securities [ph].
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Carl, I'd like to ask about your -- the maintenance revenues and billings in terms of the fiscal '12 outlook for Q1, both revenues and billings were up in the single digits. But should we expect that one or both, it could be billings, for maintenance should grow in the double digits this year? That's a general question about that business. And with respect to the suites effect, when you look at maintenance to date, it looks like your average active license fee for all products is somewhere around $400 or so, give or take, per year. And I'm wondering if over the next couple of years, as a result of suites, better attach and mix, you can add potentially couple of hundreds of dollars per active license under maintenance, all else being equal.
Carl Bass: Okay. Jay, so on the maintenance and billings. The maintenance and billings, we don't really forecast of individual line items there. And then really, there is a fair amount of seasonalities. I'm sure if you go back and look at it, there's a fair amount of seasonality in the maintenance billings as you can see. So I think -- and I don't -- what I see is a recovering economy leading to increased attach and renewal rates. And but just the nature of the math of it is that builds slowly. So I think you'll see it building but you can kind of model out what happens as that builds. I think the question of perceived revenue -- averages are what averages are. And on average, people drown in a pool that's 3-feet deep, but they probably don't drown in the 3-foot part of the pool. And there's a lot of things that go into those maintenance revenues. But if you just isolate it and you look at it, you would see that subscription prices for Suites are higher than individual products, as you would imagine. So I won't -- at this point, I wouldn't say exactly how much I would raise, but -- how much I would expect that to rise, but I do expect that as the attach rates for Suites goes up, you will see the increase in this number.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Okay. For Mark, since you talked about the infrastructure business, would it be fair to infer that, that business, what you used to call ISD [Infrastructure Solutions Division], is somewhere in the range of $100 million to $200 million a year? Would that be about right?
Mark Hawkins: We typically, Jay, don't really break that out at that level of granularity. You can kind of see the entire AEC business but we typically don't break it out to that level of granularity.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: And then lastly for Carl, if I could just sneak one more in. Carl, since you mentioned data management as a highlight for the quarter, could you just talk about what the cross currents are in that market that are most relevant for you and your base? It appears that PTC [Parametric Technology Corporation] is going to retire their product point offering based on share point. They are addressed more or less towards the SMB market. There are some other older products aimed at SMB that are weakening, let's say. And I'm wondering if you could just talk about what's driving your opportunity, the growth that you're now referring to in data management?
Carl Bass: Yes. Well, they -- aren't we competing against all older products? That's the polite way of saying what the competition is in data management. I think you have to break our data management activities into 2 different parts. One is in Manufacturing, where we're seeing really good adoption. I'd say if you look at the part of the market that we're concentrated on, it would be more of the M out of the SMB part of the market and the work group out of the large enterprise. So it's a slightly different take in the competitors. I think business had been healthy, but they're really directed at a different part of the market. They're looking at enterprise PLM systems. We're trying to increase the efficiency of individual work teams and workgroups. And so we're involved with large workgroups within the enterprises and generally, medium-sized businesses. And we're seeing really good adoption there. We've talked about this for a while. It just keeps building on itself with the proliferation of more 3D data. There's a greater need than ever to coordinate and collaborate on your 3D models and that's working really well. The other place where we've seen a change certainly over the last year is the desire to have greater data management capabilities in AEC. And so we've been talking about new product introduction and rejiggering some of our product lines that already exist, and we've been doing a lot more work on data management. Again, I think it's the same underlying root cause, is that as people adopt model-based design and they had simulation and other capabilities, the amount of data just goes up exponentially, and the need to both control it and manage it as well as distribute and collaborate on it goes up. And so we have tools in both of those areas. Some places, we're using share technology. Other places, we're building things from scratch. But I'm optimistic about data management in both those markets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Walter Pritchard from Citigroup.
Walter Pritchard - Citigroup Inc: We have a couple of questions Mark on FX and just the impact on the quarter, a really surprised to see a headwind on the euro, and then also just any comments on FX guidance for the year. And then -- so that's on FX. And then just related to emerging markets, I guess, prior to the downturn, you guys were seeing emerging markets growing at nice premium to where you're seeing the developed world, and you're still seeing them grow kind of in the same range. And I'm just wondering if you could give us a little more color on sort of that performance and whether or not you're seeing certain markets grow faster than others and so forth?
Mark Hawkins: Sure. Couple of things here. One is that -- yes, you could see a little bit of FX headwind as revealed and broken out there for this particular quarter. I think you're aware, for sure, that we have a rolling hedge program. It's kind of a classic 4 quarter cash flow hedge that we do for the company. And just for everybody's benefit, we try to articulate that in some other back ends of our disclosures. But basically, to fully understand our FX, you have to understand that we were doing hedging, and it increasingly becomes more hedged as you get closer and closer to the current periods. So that really kind of explains what's going on there. As it relates to going forward for the fiscal year, we typically don't give the explicit assumptions, but you should assume that when we give updated projections that we've factored in everything that we can comprehend as of today, including our hedge positions. That's the first part of the question. The second part relates to the emerging markets. We're pleased to see them grow faster than our company average. I think we've called out in the past they get kind of lumpy. You guys, just by the nature of emerging markets, we really like our presence there. We like -- we see our growing capability in the emerging markets. We think this is a very attractive market for us and we expect that this will outpace our growth as a company for years to come. So I hope that gives you a little lens, but the lumpiness is definitely something we've experienced before.
Carl Bass: Yes, and we continue to see -- I mean what we're seeing now is strength in Russia and Brazil, as an example. A year ago, I wouldn't have been talking about Russia. 18 months ago, I wouldn't have been talking about Brazil. So I think it just changes over time. And so I would just be trying to look at that over a longer period of time in order to really gauge direction.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Derek Bingham from Goldman Sachs.
Derek Bingham - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: One thing I just want to make sure I understood, is there any more color you could give on the platform strength in the quarter? That was up strongly quarter-on-quarter. And then the prepared remarks also mentioned LT in particular. Just anything that you notice there? Anything that could explain that?
Carl Bass: No, I don't really have a great explanation for it. What I would say is I think it has something to do with coming out -- people who are coming out of the recovery. We noted on the way in that, that business fell off. I think less people operated this software. They may not have stayed on maintenance during the time period. They still remained good customers. They were still users of our software. The financial situation prevented them from being current. I think given the opportunity with improving economies, people are getting back on the bandwagon and we're seeing that with the attach rates and renewal rates and just the increase in revenue. And so tools that they may have kind of overlooked upgrading during a period of time, they're now just making current. It's probably the best explanation I have at this point. And the other thing that I've said it times, Derek, to watch out for, is when we do run promotions and stuff, we can really sway activity. And so there a number of promotions out there about it. I think there are also a number of questions that people had about the introduction of suites, they weren't quite ready at the beginning. So I think we'll get a more full-featured picture as we go into Q2 with all of the suites available, and a little -- few more months of recovery behind us.
Derek Bingham - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: My -- same question is just on Japan. Just wondering if you could give us any sense for order of magnitude of the impact relative to what you would've expected from Japan with the -- at the outset of the quarter. And then also, what you've seen so far in terms of the ability to improve or continued impact into Q2?
Carl Bass: Yes, so like I said, I mean, I think we saw remarkable resiliency. I mean we saw selling be strong even at the worst times of the crisis. I was surprised by both the resiliency and the resourcefulness. And I think there was a real determination on part of the entire country to make sure that business continued. I mean, I think you've read some of the things. I mean, there are certainly areas that have been devastated and some of the infrastructure has been damaged. When we talked about numbers going forward for both the quarter and the year, we contemplated what we've seen in Japan. So we're comfortable with what we spoke about given where it is. I think we'll continue to monitor the situation. There wasn't nearly as large -- you could have easily imagined business falling off a cliff, having watched the pictures and read the newspaper accounts. It didn't do that, but there was some drag on the business.
Operator: The next person to ask a question is Mike Olson from Piper Jaffray.
Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray Companies: Just one quick question. On the BIM and simulation and visualization fronts, do you feel that you have all the technology and product portfolio in place or are there holes that you still feel that you need to fill? And would that be done more likely through internal development or through a continuation of some of these smaller technology acquisitions?
Carl Bass: I mean, I don't -- I think we have a long way to go before I'd say we have a complete portfolio. Certainly, we've rounded out the portfolio over the last couple of years. We don't -- I'm proud of the development we were able to do even during the downturn. I feel really good about our position. But what we found out is that with each increasing capability we put in the products, we open up our products to more customers. We have more demands and push us to go further and further. And as long as it makes sense to, we'll continue to look. Once we decide there's a need, we have a process by which we determine whether internal development or acquisitions are the best ways to get there. We'll continue to do it. But in general, we think analysis and simulation is a growing market and that's true across all of our verticals, not limited to Manufacturing. And we'll continue to invest in that. It's technology that our customers want.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss from Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley: I want to ask a couple of questions on guidance. The first one being, if I'm doing my math right, at the midpoint of your Q2 guidance, it looks like revenue growth is going to accelerate to the 14% off of more difficult compares. But that 14% is also ahead of that 12% that you're looking at for the full year growth. I was wondering was there anything that shifted out of Q1 into Q2 that's giving you more confidence in the growth rate in Q2 or anything that you've seen in the pipeline? Something to help us sort of understand that sort of shift up in growth for 2Q but a more sort of flattish with 1Q-type growth for the full year?
Carl Bass: So I think, generally speaking, Keith, our business consists of smaller deals. And so we don't have those big shifts in which an enormous deal switches from one quarter to the other, and to the extent that we have large deals. Revenue recognition, rules don't allow for it to be taken in a single quarter. So that's usually not what's going on. I think we feel very good about the pipeline we're seeing. We're seeing robustness in the economy. I'm encouraged by the suites. The results that we're just talking about now for Q1 only have a partial quarter of suites results in there. So we're more seeing that and a continuing improved economy, and just a healthy pipeline of business.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley: Okay. But -- and conversely, there wasn't any particular impacts in Q1? You mentioned federal government, perhaps any delays in signings, maybe there's some pent up demand from these new Suites coming? That perhaps explain some of the up shift in revenue growth?
Carl Bass: Yes, I think everything seem the usual gives-and-takes that you see in a given quarter. And there's a lot of factors that go into each quarter but none of them really rise to the level of being worthy of calling out.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley: Got it. And then, one for Mark.
Carl Bass: Sure Keith.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley: The comments you've made in the press release about balancing both sort of investments and margin growth. I wonder if you could give us some detail or talk just a little bit about what types of investments you guys are looking to make in FY '12?
Mark Hawkins: Yes, absolutely. I think they really revolve, Keith, around 2 things. One has to do with just go-to-market activity. We're investing there to continue to drive revenue on the sales and marketing side. I think the other key area that we want to continue to invest in is in the product side and you heard Carl talk about simulation. It's clearly an area of continued investment for us. We're investing in suites and the full completion of that. We're investing in Web services, things of that nature. These are but a few examples. But I think you should have the takeaway as really go-to-market revenue generation and product.
Carl Bass: Yes. I think most of our activities are around the go-to-market. If you looked during the downturn, despite some of the big cuts we did, we continued to not only expand the capacity but also the capability of the sales force and that of our partners. I think we can continue to do that. We found more ways to reach more customers and we wanted to take advantage of that. We feel really good about the product portfolio we have. We feel really good about the suites offering, and so now the idea is to make sure that we're as effective as we possibly can be in bringing those things to market.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley: Excellent, and if I could just sneak one last one in. Carl, you got us all very excited last quarter when you mentioned seeing new hiring going on in a lot of your industries. Has that trend continued into your fiscal first quarter?
Carl Bass: Yes, absolutely. We, in example -- certainly, we've seen the bottom for -- I no longer hear about any customer who's continuing to reduce their workforce. Everyone's hit bottom at a minimum and most customers are hiring back. I think the real challenge in some places like United States is, in cases, there are places where they don't intend to hire back to the same levels, which I think has some long-term structural implications for the economy, but most of the customers that I'm in contact with are hiring. And particularly, some of the hardest hit segments, like architecture and parts of construction, there is new projects in the works and hiring is happening there.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Steve Koenig from Longbow Research.
Steven Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: I noticed the upgrade, crossgrade line was pretty strong this quarter, just like Q1 a year ago. We did pick up some promotions in the quarter. Were those responsible for the bulk of the upgrade, crossgrade revenue or at least a bump in the revenue? And related to that, were the legacy promotions, did those help the new license line for Pearsons [ph] that were over 3 years old being upgraded?
Mark Hawkins: So I think probably the biggest thing that would contribute to that is just the suites. And as suites continued to evolve, people look at that opportunity to do a crossgrade from that standpoint, Steve.
Carl Bass: Yes, so the movement from single products to suites is classified as a crossgrade, and with that as a crossgrade, upgrade in cases, people take various paths to get there. But that's probably what we're measuring there.
Steven Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. And I guess for my follow-up, I'm curious to know, the suites promotion, will that continue on into Q2 on the same base as Q1, same geographies, et cetera, or are you looking to modify that promotion?
Carl Bass: Yes, we were always tweaking the promotion slightly. As I said, we kind of rolled out the Suites, they're not already in all languages at the same time. So -- and we also look and we evaluate which are the ones that have been most successful, and so we'll continue to do that. But I expect some of them to come to an end and you'll see new promotions introduced. And as you may know, I mean some of the promotions come from us directly, some of them are managed by our channel partners. So some of the things you may pick up may have no root cause back at headquarters.
Steven Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: Okay. Great. And then the question about the legacy, if you could just wrap that up, did that help you on the new license line, the legacy promotion?
Carl Bass: Yes, I mean it always does. I don't think it was a huge effect but I think it goes more to the question I was answering before where you see people who now have the means to get back -- to get current and want to get back on. I think that's an opportunity that we reached out to customers who may have been damaged during the downturn and want to get current. And that's some of what you're seeing there.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty from JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Carl, I was just wondering, the comments on the little sluggishness in infrastructure, do you think you froze the market a little bit with the timing of the introduction of the next round of products? And how much bounced back have you factored into that sort of good guidance here for the second quarter?
Carl Bass: Yes. So I think there's always a possibility. It's hard to perfectly know what information is out in the market in terms of people making purchasing decisions. Certainly, we've been very transparent about an infrastructure design suite coming. So that was known. So I think there's some -- when we do projections going forward, when we give guidance, like for the second quarter, we generally don't do it at a product level. We've not found that to be very effective in understanding our business. We have more -- we have a bunch of other ways, a kind of metric ways of looking at it. We do pipeline analysis. We have a number of techniques. But forecasting by product, given all the variables, has not turned out to be our most effective tool.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: Okay. And then as a follow-up for Mark, as you think about the hiring through the year, trying to get a sense of the shape of the operating expenses, the profile through the year, how should we think about that investment? Because we talked about some of the sales and marketing. Is it more front loaded and we've already seen a bunch of it or is that really smooth through the year?
Mark Hawkins: Sterling, I'd say, you've seen some of it. We've done some modest hiring. And I think there'll be some continued modest hiring but it'll be on the modest basis for sure. So I'd say in that respect, I think you've seen part of it and some to come.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Blair Abernethy of Stifel Nicolaus.
Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Carl, just on the platform business one more time, you're tracking now at this level, still a good $100 million below sort of prerecession levels. And I'm wondering, where is -- is there still an opportunity to drive back up to that level as the business exists or are we seeing -- are the suites and the shift to 3D really shifting some of those rev -- some of that older, I mean that old customer revenue number into AEC and Manufacturing?
Carl Bass: I think what you will see, as we continue to go forward, is there's plenty of opportunity in our horizontal design products. They continue to evolve and so when you compare today's releases against those of 3 years ago, there are lots of advantages for customers. I do think some of them become more aware of vertical answers, some of those are just vertical solutions and some of them are 3D model-based solutions and customers choose that. And I have gone out and said that I do think that you will see a pronounced shift to people purchasing through suites. Now included in the suites are some of our classic products like AutoCAD and the AutoCAD verticals are included in the suites. So I don't think it shows any lack of desire to purchase those products. I think customers are realizing value in the suites. And you'll see a shift to the way they purchase the products, not in the usage of products.
Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Okay. Great. And just one more quick one. On the Media segment, strong recovery this quarter, up 18% year-over-year. Is that end markets getting better due to some extra promotion in that segment?
Carl Bass: It wasn't from extra promotion. It was just a good solid quarter and solid execution. And if you look over the history, over the last 5 years, 10 years, the Media business is smaller and tends to be a little bit more uneven than our other businesses. It is a little bit carried by larger deals and it's very sensitive to economic conditions. But I think what we were seeing is just the general recovery there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Dan Cummins from ThinkEquity.
Daniel Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC: I had 2 follow-ups. On the gross margin, on the maintenance side, if I've got that right, I think it's rounding to about 94%. Is that -- I think that's somewhat less than what we've seen recently. Is that the way we should perhaps model going forward? And a comment, please, on the large deal environment at your -- at the major account level.
Mark Hawkins: Sure. Dan, basically, at the -- I think you're right to pick up the difference there. And one of the things that you're going to notice is as we shift in our fulfillment, where -- in some of our suites in fact, for ease of customer installation, we have a kind of an advanced thumb drive as a way to think about it but it's a nice technology that allows people to have an easier install. And there's -- that's factored into the cost of goods sold. But you can see everything's factored into the total gross margin. It's just it has a shape in between the maintenance when you're doing the renewal versus the other part of the gross margin. Q1 is always low as well.
Daniel Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC: Okay.
Mark Hawkins: The second part has to do with large deals, and whereby, each quarter, we don't comment on those offers per se and I've -- there's not a lot to say about that. Carl, don't you have any additional commentary? But it's...
Carl Bass: Yes. I mean, I'd say generally speaking, we've been very successful in our major account program when we talk about future investment. One of the areas that we will continue to invest is in major accounts. We see it as being something very synergistic with our mainstream channel business. It's not as your -- sudden gain and what we found is as we win larger and larger deals and large accounts, the rest of our business does well. It's kind of a great entry point. And so sometimes, we enter markets and we do it through the small customers, buying 1 and 2 suites and work our way up. In other parts of the market, it's embedded into the market with large accounts. And we found our major accounts to be very effective for winning the lighthouse deals. Our channel partners are incredibly effective with the rest of the ecosystem and serving them well.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I will now turn the call over to Mr. Dan Gennarelli for closing remarks.
David Gennarelli: Thank you. First of all, we apologize for the audio difficulties on the call. Secondly, just a reminder, we'll be at the BofA conference on June 2 in New York City, and also on June 29 in New York City, we'll have the meeting with Autodesk management and we hope to see you there. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2011 Q4  (2011-02-24 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Mark Hawkins - Chief Financial Officer, Principal Accounting Officer and Executive Vice President David Gennarelli - Director of Investor Relations Carl Bass - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director
Analysts: Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Richard Davis - Canaccord Genuity Dennis Simson - Crédit Suisse AG Derek Bingham - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co Heather Bellini - ISI Group Inc. Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank Daniel Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated Kenneth Wong Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc. Israel Hernandez - Barclays Capital Steven Koenig - Longbow Research LLC Matthew Coss
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2011 Autodesk Inc. Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today's call, Mr. Dave Gennarelli. Please proceed.
David Gennarelli: Thanks, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss our fourth quarter fiscal 2011. Joining me today are Carl Bass, our Chief Executive Officer; and Mark Hawkins, our Chief Financial Officer. Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investors.  As noted in our press release, we have published our prepared remarks on our website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments and we will not repeat them on this call. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the future performance of the company such as our guidance for the first quarter and full year fiscal 2012, our five-year financial targets, the factors we used to estimate our guidance, the new products and suites releases, certain future strategic transactions, business prospects and financial results, our market opportunities and strategies and trends in sales initiatives for our products and trends in various geographies and industries. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time to time with the SEC, specifically our Form 10-K for the fiscal year 2010, our Form 10-Q for the quarters ended April 30, July 31 and October 31, 2010, and our periodic Form 8-K filings, including the Form 8-K filed with today's press release and prepared remarks. Those documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements.  Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today's call but we'll not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum.  During the quarter, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of the GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today's press release, prepared remarks and on our Investor Relations section of our website. We will quote a number of percentage increases as we discuss our financial performance and unless otherwise noted, each percentage represents a year-on-year comparison. In addition, during the call, we will discuss our five-year non-GAAP operating margin target. Autodesk is not able to provide a five-year GAAP operating margin target or reconciliation at this time because of the difficulty of estimating certain items that are excluded from the non-GAAP measure that affect the operating margin, such as charges related to stock-based compensation expense and amortization of acquisition-related intangibles.  And now I'd like to turn the call over to Carl Bass.
Carl Bass: Thank you, and good afternoon. Our strong fourth quarter results capped off a substantial year of progress. After navigating through the biggest economic downturn in Autodesk history, we're now experiencing a healthy recovery and even achieving record results in several areas. Highlights for the quarter include: 16% growth in total revenue; double-digit revenue growth in all of our geographies and business segments; a sharp increase in large deal activity; record total billings; record revenue for our Manufacturing business; record revenue for our Revit family of products; record deferred revenue; and strong growth in cash flow from operating activities.  We experienced strong year-on-year growth in all of our geographies with APAC again leading the way. Global revenue growth was led by our model-based design products. Our Manufacturing business had record quarterly revenue in the fourth quarter and grew 22% for the full year.  Over the last few years the dynamics of the Manufacturing segment have shifted dramatically. Historically, engineering software was targeting different sized companies and competition mostly occurred within those strata. Our initial mission was to provide 80% of the functionality at 20% of the price. So truthfully, we're often seen as a provider of high-value but less strategic software and we competed infrequently against our major global competitors.  Today, we do much more than that original mission. Through sustained investment in R&D and targeted acquisitions, we now have a product portfolio that is the most comprehensive and functional in the industry, while staying true to our original mission of providing great value. The combination of our modeling, data management and simulation capabilities has allowed us to grow much faster than our major global competitors despite the difficult economic times.  Coupled with the continuing investment by our channel partners and an increase in our direct sales effort, we are winning deals previously unavailable to us. Taken as a whole, we are substantially outperforming all of our major global competitors with stronger products and better sales channels. The Manufacturing segment continues to be our largest opportunity and I'm very optimistic about our market position and momentum.  What might be surprising to some is the strong demand we're seeing in our AEC business around the world, including the Americas. We're even beginning to see a pickup in hiring in American AEC firms. There continues to be improving demand for BIM solutions to retrofit the aging infrastructure of developed countries as significant infrastructure build out of developing countries. These demand drivers led to record revenues for our Revit family of products.  Growth in our Media and Entertainment segment was led by our Creative Finishing products, which had a very strong quarter in Japan. We also experienced nice customer adoption of our new Maya Entertainment Creation Suite, which we introduced back in August.  At the start of the fiscal year, we identified an opportunity to elevate our presence within major accounts. These efforts paid off as we saw increased traction with major accounts throughout the year and as a result, recorded 31 transactions that each exceeded $1 million in the fourth quarter. For fiscal 2011, the number of large deals exceeding $1 million was a record as well. What's gratifying is that we're seeing big deal activity in all geographies and across all business lines and we look to further this initiative in FY '12.  On the other end of the spectrum from large deals are our pro-sumer and consumer apps and products. Last month, we launched the Mac App Store addition of SketchBook Pro. On the first day alone, we effectively doubled the desktop user base for SketchBook Pro. And in just three weeks, we've seen more than a $0.5 million downloads of the free and paid versions combined.  We also added to our growing line of consumer apps with the launch of the TinkerBox app for the iPad, a really cool game to spark interest in mechanical engineering in teens. Just after launch, TinkerBox was the number one free iPad game app and it's still in the top 10.  Next up on the product release front will be our annual refresh happening in just a few weeks. Unique this year will be the launch of several new product suites across our business segments. For the past several years we've been on a path to develop greater interoperability and a more common user interface across our products and these efforts come to fruition with the launch of these suites. Each suite will deliver significantly more functionality and better interoperability at a much greater value to our customers. These suites were designed to be sold by our VAR channel and our goal for the first year is broad adoption of these suites. To accelerate our penetration into key markets, last week, we announced two pending acquisitions that we anticipate will close during the current quarter.  Blue Ridge Numerics will be a complementary addition to our growing portfolio of analysis and simulation products and will broaden our solution set for digital prototyping. It will provide our customers with a spectrum of computational fluid dynamics capabilities that allows mechanical and building system engineers to virtually test and predict real-world behavior of new and existing designs and eliminate expensive physical prototyping cycles.  We also announced our intent to acquire Scaleform, a leading provider of middleware and user interface tools for the media and entertainment market. This technology has already been licensed in the development of at least 800 games across all leading game platforms. We believe this technology will provide our customers with more complete workflows helping them to more rapidly develop immersive 3D and casual game experiences.  Overall, we were very pleased with our fourth quarter results. As I flagged last quarter, our revenue over performance for the year led to higher performance-based compensation in the fourth quarter. These expense levels are not expected to recur as the incentive plans reset at the beginning of this fiscal year. Nevertheless, we still managed to exceed our operating margin targets for the year.  Non-GAAP operating margin grew almost 500 basis points for the year and is a strong start to our five-year target of reaching a non-GAAP operating margin of at least 30%. We have a lot to be proud of in fiscal 2011. Our channel is strong, our direct sales team had a great year. We maintain strong cost controls and we significantly outperformed on all of the financial goals that we established at the beginning of the year.  We continue to out-innovate and outperform our competition. As we look at fiscal 2012, we have a lot to be excited about. We have never been better positioned to capitalize on the market opportunities before us and we have the right people and products to be successful. The economic downturn was difficult for many but I want to take a moment to acknowledge the determination, resilience and creativity of our partners and employees who worked so hard and helped us emerge from the downturn stronger than when we entered it.  Lastly, I want to acknowledge that we've promoted Steve Blum, to lead our global sales and services organization. For the past eight years, Steve has done a fantastic job leading our America sales team. He is highly respected by our customers, channel partners and employees. And we're confident that he'll do an equally good job in his new role.  Operator, we'd now like to open the call up for questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Brent Thill of UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS Investment Bank: Carl, if you can just maybe expand on the sharp increase in large deals, maybe expand on what you're seeing and how this is potentially tied into the suite sales. And if I could follow up with Mark, on the 10% revenue guidance, I believe you're targeting 12% to 14% long term. So is this just a natural function, just being conservative earlier in the year in terms of your guidance? I would assume you're still comfortable with that as a long-term target?
Carl Bass: Okay so, Brent, let me take the first one. I think the large deal activity we're seeing is somewhat a combination of what we see going on in the economy, just a general rebound across the world, as well as specific investments we made. So one of the things I'm glad we were able to do despite the extensive cost cutting we did, is we were able to invest in our major account sales force. And a lot of it is really a direct result of sales and marketing activity of those investments. But one thing I would say, we'll be able to differentiate more as we go along, is most of our major account deals involve some form of flexible licensing, it's generally global and flexible in nature. I would position the suites as being slightly different. Our suites will be for our small- and medium-sized customers. They're better value for them. They'll generally go through our distribution partners or channel partners and will be different than what you see in the large accounts. So two different initiatives and I think they're trying to give the right functionality and licensing models to the appropriate customer. Mark, do you want to take the...
Mark Hawkins: Yes, absolutely. And, Brent, in terms of the 10%, approximately 10% revenue growth, we feel good about that projection. We feel confident in that. I think the other thing that I would call out is, this is very much consistent with our five-year plan that we have. And so just want to reiterate that as well. This is very much part and parcel to the five-year plan and the achievement of the 30% plus operating margin, as well as the 12% to 14% compounded annual growth rate in revenue over time. I think, clearly, and we came out of '11 with broad-based growth in terms of both GO and industry. We feel like we got a solid plan going forward and we'll continue to drive that. Clearly, there's still are uncertainties in the world. And we're trying to be prudent appropriately with foreign exchange and the various developments of the day in the economy but we feel confident in our guidance.
Operator: Our next question comes from Heather Bellini with ISI Group.
Heather Bellini - ISI Group Inc.: Carl, I was wondering if you could talk to us about, if you start looking at the Bureau of Labor Statistics data, you've started to see headcount in some of your key end markets kind of it's not contracting anymore and it's actually kind of just starting to hover and show a tiny bit of growth. I'm just wondering what your outlook is in your revenue guidance for this year, what's baked in there and how should we think about your expectation for seek [ph] growth in your core end markets?
Carl Bass: Sure, Heather. What I would say is our guidance really was predicated on no real big change in the employment environment. What we are starting to see, and this is the first quarter in which we've really started to see in some of the hard hit markets, and I mentioned in the kind of prepared remarks. What we're starting to see is hiring, we've seen hiring in AEC firms, AEC firms in the Americas. We started to see some in Western Europe. So that's probably the most surprising thing we've seen. They were really clearly hard hit at some point. We talked about, there were numbers in certain cities in the U.S. in which the architects, the number of jobs have been reduced by 30%. And so we're starting to see both the architecture and engineering and construction firms begin hiring back. And I think the National Labor Statistics are reflecting that. We don't contemplate that improvement in the numbers.
Heather Bellini - ISI Group Inc.: And then my follow-up was just along the lines of, you mentioned suites when you're answering Brent's question to the kind of small and midsize customers. Can you talk a little bit about, do they need to change their workflow? How they do it today to kind of take advantage of the integrated offering? Is it a wait for them to be potentially more efficient with their existing workforce that might drive this uptake of some of the new products that you're starting to come out with?
Carl Bass: Yes, so I would look at it as they don't have -- I mean, first of all, people don't have to change. But it gives them an opportunity for people to have more tools available on the desktop and more interoperability between those tools. And it allows them to be more efficient because they focus on productive activities, use the appropriate tool for the appropriate job, spend less time moving data around and kind of just wrangling all the information. And so it's giving each of the practitioners more tools and more capabilities to get their job done. And I think that's particularly relevant for small and medium businesses, where as they come out of this downturn they were looking for more productivity.
Heather Bellini - ISI Group Inc.: And is the channel incented to help drive adoption of these more so than they might be on the standalone products?
Carl Bass: Absolutely. I mean I was wondering -- as you can imagine, you know it's valuable for customers if -- our channel and our salespeople are not properly incented, it would take much longer than necessary. And we talked about this a little bit. Remember, we launched a couple of suites during this year as kind of a trial run to make sure we could get everybody lined up in all the incentives and kind of run a drill, so everyone understood it. Early results were promising. We'll go broad as we launch this in March and April. But all the incentives are in place to do that.
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Winslow with Crédit Suisse.
Dennis Simson - Crédit Suisse AG: This is Dennis Simson for Phil Winslow. Can you please comment on what feedback you're getting from your several products customers given the budget issues of various governments?
Carl Bass: Yes, sure. I mean, so our civil engineering, our infrastructure, our mapping products are used both in public and private sector. What we've seen is a healthy rebound, we've seen lots of good government business. It's debatable how affective the stimulus money has been. But there is a fair amount of build out and when you look at our products worldwide as I referenced before, in the developing countries, it's improvement and it's continuous improvements to what we have. Build out around the world is actually much more general and broad. And so when you look at the emerging economies, there's quite a lot. The other things to remember about these products is they're used across a wide variety of domains from designing parking lots around buildings to building bridges, tunnels, highways, dams, railroads, I mean. So it's quite an extensive one and I would say as the economies change, certainly the usage profile changes but really good reception to our civil engineering sub particularly in the public sector.
Dennis Simson - Crédit Suisse AG: And can you expand on the strength in your model-based design segment in the quarter, was there anything in particular that drove the strength there?
Carl Bass: I didn't see anything particular that really drove the strength. I mean, I think, it's a continuation of the efforts we've put and people recognizing the value and going to model-based design, which we've talked about for a long time. And so, I think, was just a natural continuation.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: If I look at the revenue by segment, the platform solutions, the $181 million, that's the only segment that actually, the fourth quarter was not the high point for the year. Can you just talk, are we actually starting to see even a further shift into the more vertical, Revit had, obviously, a good quarter. So just a little color there and then I have one follow-up,
Carl Bass: Yes, as I often remind all of us, ourselves included. One quarter doesn't make a data point or makes a data point doesn't make a trend, and I would say maybe. We predicted a strong move to model-based design and more vertical products for a long time. But our horizontal products continue to be very strong. Sometimes individual incentives, just the dynamics of the end of your business lead to one thing. It would be good for us if that was happening. I just wouldn't be too anxious to jump on that as a long-term trend yet.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan Chase & Co: And then the follow-up is actually on the maintenance revenue side. Mark, as we look at the improvement overall in the business, how should we think about how the maintenance revenue will start to kind of improve in that kind of correlated manner, obviously, in a lag effect, but should we start to see a little bit more catch-up in the next couple of quarters or will it still be kind of a slow gradual improvement lagging behind the improvement in license?
Mark Hawkins: It's a good question, Sterling. Let me just say this. Certainly, there is a lag effect to your point. I think there's several variables that we always like to look at with the model. The first thing, it always starts with is certainly the billings. And it was called out, we have a 13% year-over-year growth in billings, which we really liked. And that over time will obviously translate into maintenance revenue. And so I think you need to look at that and factor that into the equation. I think, the other thing you have to factor into the equation as you start to model out the maintenance revenue over time is you have to look at the renewal on the attached rates, Sterling, and kind of call it on that because we don't actually do that. We don't guide that per se forward-looking. But those are the variables that you want to look at, right? It's the billings, how they're looking at now, how that's going to work itself out into revenue over time and what your prediction is on the future attachment renewal. I do want to comment on a couple of things here that might give you a little bit of extra color. Again, our renewal rates were up year-on-year and quarter-on-quarter. We don't talk about specifics but directionally, we think that's a good sign. Our cash was up year-on-year and that's, I think, is a dynamic that you want to think about. So hopefully, that algorithm answers your question and gives you a little perspective as you start to model that going forward. But it certainly has a lag effect.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Davis with Canaccord.
Richard Davis - Canaccord Genuity: So, Carl, so couple kind of questions that kind of go together. So with regard to Moldflow, how does that lived up to your expectations pluses and minuses? And then more broadly kind of derivative question, is the new categorization of new and adjacent, it's kind of a bunch of different products. If I'm working in one of those units, am I hoping that one of those units gets big enough to kind of graduate to become a suite or a flagship? Or kind of what is that? Is it science projects? Is it -- how do you think about that segment of the business?
Carl Bass: So I'm very happy with Moldflow. I think we had not a typical integration issues. We had a very different selling model than we're accustomed to. I think we're long past that. I like two parts of it. One is the way it complements our manufacturing portfolio, generally. When you now look even in places were we're not the primary design tool, primary, let's say, engineering tool, we maybe in there with design tools like Alias. We're in there with documentation and tooling stuff, we're there in the design of the factory, we're there with our analysis and simulation capabilities. So we can have a footprint even when we're not the primary engineering tool. Obviously, we prefer it when we're more than that. But just when you look at being able to serve customers in many different ways, Moldflow is just one part of it. Just in the way I look at Blue Ridge Numerics is providing the same thing in simulation and analysis. So I'm overall thrilled with what we've been doing with analysis and simulation. When you get to new and adjacent, what I think you should look at there is a movement towards more of the products moving to suites. Suites should be our primary delivery vehicle over time for the majority of our customers. And I think you'll see revenue moving into the suites category and it's the best way to gauge it. I think, some of this is a potpourri of stuff. I mean, it's labeled that way. Generally speaking, we have a bunch of products that are not broadly applicable enough to be in the suite. Some of those are still valuable businesses. We will continue those business, continue to invest in them. But I think what you should look for is products maturing to the point where they get included in suites as kind of a graduation.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: I'd actually like to follow-up on two lines of questioning. And first just relates to the simulation and analysis market traditionally sold into the manufacturing sector. Do you have an opportunity to take those tools to the AEC sector and maybe integrate them with Revit and bring them to an engineering kind of group that is historically not been a simulation and an analysis customer?
Carl Bass: Yes. So we surely have -- the first and foremost, we have a way to bring them more broadly to the manufacturing sector. We have historically not offered many of those tools and this gives us an opportunity to give our customers more on manufacturing. But we certainly have that same capability in AEC. We've provided some tools around energy analysis so far. We've done some around structural engineering analysis. When you look at things like the CFT software we just acquired, it is applicable to both markets. And as people in AEC are doing more model-based design, our ability to provide them with more simulation and analysis just grows.
Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co. Incorporated: And then I'd just like to drill down just a little bit more on the new suites that are pending and kind of Heather's line of questioning, what is going to make them more channel friendly than the existing line of suites today?
Carl Bass: I don't think it's more friendly necessarily than the existing suites. So I wouldn't start there. I think you have a broader range of suites, so the number of industries or industry subsegments they cover is much broader and they're tiered into three different offerings. So they should be easier for our channel partners to sell. The overall offering is more rationalized in terms of what's out there. As we talked about with, in answer to Heather's question, there are incentives in place to make sure that our channel partners are incented to sell them. But really what's in it is a better workflow for our customers. What was contemplated as we put together is what is the person trying to accomplish? So when you look at the engineer or architects sitting there, in their day job, what are they trying to get done and what tools do they need to get that done? And how can we make those tools work as well as possible? And as you know, we're not breaking any ground here. If you look at what Microsoft did with Office a decade ago or more or if you look at what Adobe has done with the Creative Suite. Those are good examples of people really doing the same thing, taking discrete products that were often used by the same person, putting them together in ways that are more conveniently packaged for the go-to-market part and provide better value to the customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley: It looks like it's a pretty strong quarter for updates and upgrades at $61 million this quarter. It seems like that line item every once in a while comes down and surprises us to the upside. Anything unusual that sort of drove that revenue line this quarter?
Carl Bass: Some of these cases that surprises us too.
Mark Hawkins: Let me -- Keith, I'll add a couple of commentaries. One of the things, Carl had talked about some of the major deals that were going on. We found some customers as we -- got increased account penetration where they were doing some upgrades and cost-grades and just really nice packages that were coming together with the customers and so that translated into some nice business results. So that was really one of the big drivers that was influencing that line.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley: And then as a follow-up, it looks like the non-subscription related portion of the deferred revenue balance was up very strongly in the quarter. I calculate $79 million, up 50% year-over-year. Anything in particular are going in that bucket like undelivered products or something and does that give you something of a head start for Q1?
Mark Hawkins: Well, there's a variety of things that go into deferred revenue in general. Certainly, we understand the subscription is the absolute lion's share of that, there is also multiyear subscription that will actually classify itself beyond just one year, for example, is another major dimension of that. We have other things that are in there including training and things of that matter. But in terms of whether it's a jump on Q1 or not, I think all that's fully factored into our guidance and our thinking for the quarter and for the year.
Carl Bass: And as generally speaking, the unfulfilled product is a miniscule part. I won't take that as being a big thing. That's just generally not there.
Mark Hawkins: It's absolutely is a miniscule part. I can see the data here.
Operator: Our next question comes from Walter Pritchard with Citi.
Kenneth Wong: This is Ken Wong from Citi in Walter's place. With your commentary around big deals, it sounds like large enterprise is showing pretty good health. Can you talk a little bit about the SMB and professional market?
Carl Bass: Yes, I mean in order to post the results we did, absolutely, our SMB market has to do well. It's still the lion's share of our business. The majority of our business is to small and medium enterprises. We've laid that out a little bit over time. About 30% of the business is to our top-tier customers. 15% of the overall business goes through us directly. But 85% of our business is through our channel partners and I mean, and that's the majority of the business. So when our business does well, it's because we're seeing a pickup in small and medium business. And as we talked about as we went into this downturn. The place where the business fell off the most was in the small and medium business. So we've seen a nice rebound around the world in terms of small and medium business. In order to get back to levels we were at before, we still think we want to see a decrease in unemployment and as employment levels get back and as hiring continues, we think we'll continue to see that but we were very pleased overall with how the small and medium businesses did.
Kenneth Wong: And then perhaps, can you -- in that same vein, can you maybe talk a little bit about how suite adoption between those three markets differs?
Carl Bass: Yes, I mean, right now -- I mean, we only have the historic data about the suites that we offered before. Most of the new, the introduction of the suites will happen in the spring of this year, in the next couple of months. And so as we look at that introduction we'll be able to give you more color about that. Right now, for our flagship products, like Revit and Inventor, a majority of them are sold in suites we introduced in the summer of last year. Our Entertainment Creation Suite is doing real well. So I believe this will be the primary way we go to market certainly for small and medium business but we don't have any more detail right now.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Cummins with ThinkEquity.
Daniel Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC: I had a question on the visibility of the business. If we exclude maybe four quarters a couple of years ago at the tail end of the bubble, the peak of the bubble. I'd say, in my judgment, Autodesk, you're back, so to speak. So I guess my question is, why not guide all the way down to the EPS line? And if you could give us a sense of how much, what level of visibility, maybe percent of recurring revenue and so forth is inherent in the guidance, in the 10% revenue guidance?
Mark Hawkins: A couple things here. Certainly, Dan, I think the visibility is better. And we acknowledge that there's, as we all see around the world, there's some economic unevenness and uncertainty. But it's certainly better, we feel confident in the guidance that we put forward. It's good double-digit growth on top of a strong year that we just completed in FY'11 that Carl talked about. And so from that standpoint, I think, it kind of stands on its own. In terms of guiding all the way down to the EPS level, right now, we felt like people are primarily interested in what's happening at the operating margin level and in the revenue level. Certainly, we've given some direction on the tax of being approximately 26% non-GAAP for the year, something to think about for the year, so that helps people get around that. And then the delta has to do with share buyback and things of that nature. You can certainly see our pattern historically and share buyback has largely been to cover dilution. But I think that's probably the biggest thought I would give you there. In terms of reoccurring versus non-reoccurring, I think, I'd go back and look at the history that we're showing in terms of the subscription revenue relative to the license revenue and you can kind of see how that's breaking and how that's trending right now. And just imagine that we're factoring that in as we go forward. We don't guide the breakout of that on a forward-looking basis but you can see the trending.
Carl Bass: Yes, there's no doubt our subscription revenue has been growing. But still the majority of our revenue comes from non-subscription. And I'm not sure we will cross that line any time soon.
Daniel Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC: Can I ask a follow-up on Revit?
Carl Bass: Sure.
Daniel Cummins - ThinkEquity LLC: I've been trying to track it, I think, it feels like it's perhaps crossed the threshold of 10% of revenue overall. It feels like it's really on the cusp of breakout demand. Is that fair to say?
Carl Bass: Yes, I think that is. I mean, I think it's become a commonly accepted, it is kind of industry standard for BIM. So when we introduced -- I mean, remember, we acquired some technology a bunch of years ago. At that point, it had almost no revenue and no customers. We've invested in it heavily over the last few years. We've invested in the idea of building information modeling and the industry has now accepted this is a better way to do business. I don't think that's in dispute at all. And I think when you look for products that deliver on BIM, Revit is the category leader. And so I think we've hit this point where people now recognize that they need to move to BIM products, it's not a question of if, it's just a question of when. The downturn allowed a lot of firms to retool. Many people went into this saying, okay, first reaction was, how do I cut my expenses, how do I cut my staff? The second reaction is, how do I come out of this better positioned to be more effective and more efficient and to be more competitive? And in many cases, that involved adopting a BIM workflow that centers around revenue. So I'm really pleased to how well we've done with Revit. And I think you've correctly identified that it's become the tool of choice for doing BIM.
Operator: Our next question comes from Derek Bingham with Goldman Sachs.
Derek Bingham - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Just on the suites, just curious what you learned from kind of this first kind of trial rollout over the past year or so in terms of how long it takes the channel and customers to kick the tires on these things and then start to really get interested, and do you expect the kind of maybe a similar kind of lag or a shorter lag when you put out your next route of suites?
Carl Bass: I would say the biggest lesson, I think, we knew it going into it but we now probably have more details and particulars, is to make sure that everybody involved is aligned around this. It's probably about getting alignment, so we may make a great offering and the customer could find it incredibly valuable but unless all of our sales and marketing, all of our go-to-market efforts, all of our people, as well as that of our channel partners are aligned, those things will not be successful or as rapidly adopted as we might see it. So I think a lot of it is fine tuning around how to make sure everything is aligned in terms of messaging and incentives and everything else. The other thing is, I'd say, is we knew when we put these together for many of these suites, they would be a version one of the suites. And so for many customers they just sit there and wait and see. For a customer who's been buying Inventor up for 10 years, they'd want to understand what more do I get? But overall, the general reactions has been great. If you were to go up and look at the newsgroups or the blogs about it, really, customers are really excited about the value that's delivered and particularly, these ability to integrate the different products together. So generally speaking, very good but the biggest lesson is to make sure we're aligned as possible both internally and externally.
Derek Bingham - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: The increase in the maintenance attached and renewal rates that you're talking about, is that just kind of a very straightforward function of the increased mix in model-based and suite products? Or is there anything else that you're doing kind of proactively to drive that?
Mark Hawkins: I think some of it has to do with what you described there, Derek. I think some of it also is related to when we went to the simplified upgrade pricing, it just makes more economic sense to stay in subscription. And I think customers see the value of it. And as the economy recovers, they want the benefit that we offer with our subscription.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brendan Barnicle with Pacific Crest Securities.
Matthew Coss: This is Matt in for Brendan. Is there a way we could look at ASP increases and things like BIM and suites and see how that translates into revenue growth?
Carl Bass: No, you can't. Generally, we haven't broken that out. But historically, what we've said and it continues to be true is we don't see dramatic shifts in ASP on a line item by line item basis. When you SKU by SKU, you don't see great variability in ASPs. What you do see occasionally is a substitution of one product for another. So a suite for a product would result in a higher ASP but if you were to look at standalone products quarter-over-quarter, there's not a huge amount of variability absent promotions in the ASPs.
Matthew Coss: And then on emerging markets, how are efforts to combat piracy been able to help your growth there? And also, due to the fact that most of the users who pirate your products are pirating the kind of highest ASP products, have you been successfully converting any of those users?
Carl Bass: I don't think we did. It's kind of a tale of two cities. It's the best and worst in the sense that I don't think we've been particularly successful. And on the other hand, we've been more successful than many other software companies and both of those things continue to remain true. I think there are some things coming on the horizon that I'm slightly more optimistic about than I had been. A lot of the work we've done to combat piracy either involves direct enforcement or policy change with local governments. What I see coming forward for the first time is the ability to do things technologically different by virtue of offering products that are a combination of our traditional desktop delivery, as well as a cloud-based delivery. And as more value gets embedded in the cloud, obviously, there's less piracy there. So I think that's the most optimistic thing I've seen in many years in terms of looking forward. Looking back, I think it's same old, same old. We continue to work on it in the same ways that we have with moderate success.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Koenig with Longbow Research.
Steven Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: I'd like to dig into maybe one of your favorite topics, competition with our friends at SolidWorks and DISO. So clearly, you have a bigger base overall. It looks like they're obviously being very successful selling model-based tools into manufacturing. And now, they're trying to attack AEC and they're also trying to move to the cloud. And I'm just wondering, what are your thoughts on they're moving to AEC, would you plan a competitive response? How do you see yourself dealing with that situation?
Carl Bass: Yes, first of all, I would say is, I think, we've been much more successful than DISO as a whole. So you have to look at their high-end product, CATIA and their low end product, SolidWorks. What we see is them trying to co-mingle these two things in ways that they've never done before and we think that's to our advantage. Every quarter, I'm more and more amazed by the number of competitive swap outs and displacements that we have of CATIA, as well as the number of replacements we have for SolidWorks. So we think of them as a competitor in the manufacturing space and we're increasingly pleased with our performance relative to them. If you were to look, it's very hard given the limited and obscure financials that they've disclosed. But if you were able to break through it, you would see very limited growth in their CATIA product. So their flagship product really is not growing much at all. And we think that's in part a result of how well we're doing in offering a broad range of manufacturing solutions. When it comes to AEC, we'll see what they do. But right now, I think they have their hands full competing in manufacturing.
Steven Koenig - Longbow Research LLC: Can you guys comment on how many -- each of these acquisitions by themselves may not be significant but in total, would you expect them to add, one, two points to revenue growth this year in terms of all the acquisitions you do this year? How should we think about that?
Carl Bass: Yes, I would say your general idea that we'll add, it's a little bit hard to know at this point given the size of it. Right now, we were in a slightly awkward position in that there's two deals that we've announced but not closed yet, and fully accounting for some of the accounting details is not done yet. But for what I have seen so far and corresponds with history pretty well is as times get better, the number of deals goes up slightly and we also see slightly larger deals that we're already seeing that. So absent the accounting details of deferred revenue write-down, those are the kind of things you'd see. But in general, what I expect us to do is to concentrate on those kinds of acquisitions that are mostly for technology. Mark, do you have anything to add about accounting?
Mark Hawkins: I totally agree with your point. And I would say from the standpoint, Steve, that it's largely immaterial in the current year. As we can see it right now, we'll see as we go on with the particular deals that we're talking about, the two immediate ones. But that would be my point there and certainly reaffirm Carl's point that we like the opportunities to add technologies to our business.
Operator: Our next question comes from Israel Hernandez with Barclays Capital.
Israel Hernandez - Barclays Capital: My questions were just that but maybe a follow-up with respect to your performance in the emerging markets, which was up 16%. Can you maybe comment and drill down on what you're seeing across the various BRIC countries? And what are the possibilities that we could see acceleration going forward in those markets?
Carl Bass: Yes, I think we're coming out of a period and we certainly saw a decline and then a slightly chaotic period and it's increasing. And I think we could surprise ourselves to the upside there. When you look broadly at the emerging markets, signs in almost every one are positive. I think it's still -- there are a handful of places, when you look at some of the geopolitical concerns in places like the Middle East, are still an issue for us that could weigh on us. But other than that when you look at the major parts, all the signs are kind of hopping [ph] to the right.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Blair Abernethy with Stifel, Nicolaus.
Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: Carl, just back on the manufacturing briefly. Great performance this quarter. Can you give us a sense of the 31 large deals, how much of that came from the Manufacturing segment? And I'm wondering if you can just sort of expand a bit more on where you're getting your traction there? Is this expansions, just mostly displacements, new customers? What's driving that, the outperformance in that segment?
Carl Bass: So we don't break it down by segment for the large deals and one of the main reasons is what we see in most our major account activity and just in general when you look at that 30% of revenue that comes from the top 1% of customers. When you look at that kind of customer, they're almost always buying products from multiple groups. So when you look at the reporting segments and we've crossed all the segments, they're buying products across them all. When you look at the character of what's going on, to generalize a little bit, a lot of times -- we generally don't do a big deal from nothing. So it doesn't show up on our doorstep and buy $5 million that hasn't been a customer before. A lot of it is expansion within an account and a lot of it comes from consolidation. As we've talked about before, many accounts have heterogeneous engineering environments. They use multiple products by choice, they've ended up with multiple products that they inherited through their own acquisitions, and this is usually part of a process of rationalization. Occasionally, it's also a process of expanding their business. So it's a combination of rationalization, sometimes it comes from centralization and more central coordination within their accounts. And sometimes it is just improving their tool sets for going forward. A lot of them do involve competitive swap outs. So in many places, the increased use of our tools is replacing something else. I mean, it almost never comes at the expense of having them do nothing. So it's almost always that they're replacing someone else's tools with our tools.
Blair Abernethy - Stifel, Nicolaus & Co., Inc.: And any update on the data management side or progress with the Vault product?
Carl Bass: Yes, I'm actually thrilled with our data management product. We have thousands and thousands of implementations of data management. Sometime during this year, we'll talk about it a little bit more. I'd like to give you more detail on it. But our strategy, which has been in to kind of stark contrast to that of our competitors, we've stuck pretty close to data management for the engineering teams has been very successful, considered high-value, widely deployed, easy to implement and I think that's worked really well. It's very different than what many of our competitors are doing and they're finding some success there but we're happy with what we're doing in this space and when we disclosed the numbers, I think everyone will be quite surprised by the amount of data and the number of users who are managing the life cycle of products through Vault and the associated products.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our Q&A session for today's event. I would now like to turn the call back over to Dave Gennarelli for closing remarks.
David Gennarelli: Thanks, operator. That concludes our remarks. We'll be at the Morgan Stanley conference next Tuesday, the first, in San Francisco. And if you have any questions in the meantime, you can reach me at (415) 507-6033. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes today's presentation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2010 Q4  (2010-02-23 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Dave Gennarelli - IR Carl Bass - President & CEO Mark Hawkins - EVP & CFO
Analysts: John Byun - UBS Jay Vleeschhouwer - Ticonderoga Securities Heather Bellini - ISI Group Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse Steve Ashley - Robert Baird Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities Sterling Auty - JPMorgan  Richard Davis - Needham Sasa Zorovic – Janney Derek Bingham - Goldman Sachs Kash Rangan - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Steve Koenig - Longbow Research Ross MacMillan - Jeffries & Company Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray Blair Abernethy - Thomas Weisel Partners Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank Israel Hernandez - Barclays Capital Ben Rose - Battle Road Research
Operator: Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the fourth quarter 2010 Autodesk Incorporated Earnings Conference Call. My name is [Evat] and I will be your operator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of the conference. (Operator instructions). I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dave Gennarelli, Director of Investor relations. Please proceed, sir.
Dave Gennarelli: Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss our fourth quarter fiscal 2010. With me today are Carl Bass, our Chief Executive Officer and Mark Hawkins our CFO. Today’s conference call is being broadcast live via webcast, in addition a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. As noted in our press release, we have posted our prepared remarks on our website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments and we will not repeat them on this call.  During the course of this conference call we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and future performance of the company such as our guidance for the first quarter of fiscal 2011, remarks about fiscal 2011, and factors used to estimate our guidance, our future business prospects and financial results, our market opportunities and strategies and trends for products and trends in various geographies.  We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us and that actual results or events could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time to time with the SEC, specifically the Form 10-K for our fiscal year 2009, our Forms 10-Q for the first, second and third quarters of fiscal 2010 and our periodic 8-K filings including the 8-K filed with today’s press release and prepared remarks.  Those documents contain and identify important risk factors that may cause our results to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during today’s call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or viewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information.  Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today's call, but we will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum. During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today's press release, prepared remarks and on our website. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Carl Bass.
Carl Bass: Thank you. Good afternoon, everybody. I'll give you a quick overview and then we'll jump right into Q&A. I think we can all agree that we are happy to have calendar 2009 and our fiscal 2010 behind us. Navigating our business through the worst economic recession of our time was challenging to say the least. Despite the challenges, there were a number of notable highlights in the fourth quarter and throughout the year. For example, our software was a critical component in the success of Avatar, the highest grossing movie of all time. The market for 3D films and now television is getting a lot of attention and we believe this represents an excellent opportunity for our media and entertainment business segment over the next few years.  This year we launched Autodesk University Virtual extending the AU learning experience to Autodesk users worldwide and we had over 20,000 participants virtually this year. We also launched SketchBook Mobile, an iPhone app. This has helped drive awareness of Autodesk and was an instant success in the app store surpassing one million downloads only two months after being introduced.  Over the course of FY '10, we further strengthened our technology portfolio through a few highly focused M&A transactions. It was also encouraging to see large deal volume experience a notable uptick in each geography in the fourth quarter. We closed 22 deals greater then $1 million, doubling the total from the first three quarters of the year. These large deals were driven in part by pent up demand and end of year budget spending.  We ended the year with stronger than anticipated fourth quarter results and several encouraging signs as we head in to fiscal 2011. Revenue for the fourth quarter increased 9% sequentially to $456 million. Highlights in the fourth quarter include a strong sequential increase in revenue from commercial new seat licenses. We also posted sequential revenue growth in all of our geographies including an 18% sequential increase in EMEA. Our Asia-Pacific geography grew on a sequential basis and posted a small year-over-year increase as well. It was also encouraging to see the Americas grow sequentially for the second consecutive quarter. Our manufacturing AEC and PSEB business segments each grew sequentially led by a robust 20% sequential growth in manufacturing. For the third consecutive quarter, we delivered a sequential increase in profitability. This quarter, however, the sequential improvement was driven by revenue growth rather than expense reductions. We are pleased to see this progress but also mindful there is more work to do in FY11 and beyond. Speaking of expense reductions, our cost control efforts in FY10 yielded excellent results. We achieved a reduction of $312 million in non-GAAP total spend in fiscal 2010 compared to fiscal 2009, significantly exceeding our initial goal of $250 million. Our success with expense reductions in fiscal 2010 will help us achieve modest non-GAAP operating margin improvement in fiscal 2011.  Going forward, we will continue to make the essential investments in Autodesk to ensure long term growth. At the same time, in the spirit of continuous improvement, we will continue to seek to optimally align our investments to improve our growth, productivity cost structure and operational excellence.  These actions are focused on increasing productivity across the organization and optimizing our investments. While we are pleased with the progress we made this quarter, the recession’s effect on customer demand can be seen clearly in our full year results. Despite the decreasing revenue and profitability compared to fiscal 2009, we believe we have improved our efficiency and our channel and our continued investment in R&D has resulted in a product portfolio that has never been stronger.  As we enter fiscal 2011, the shape of this economic recovery remains unclear, so we focus on things within our control. Investing in growth opportunities to drive revenue and improving our profitability. With an unmatched portfolio of design engineering and entertainment software solutions, a strong balance sheet, outstanding employees and an unparallel channel, we believe we are well positioned for the future. Operator, we would now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions). And please stand by for your first question.
Dave Gennarelli: While the operator is polling for questions, I want to note that Autodesk will be attending the following investor conferences this quarter: the Goldman Sachs technology conference in San Francisco this Thursday the 25th, and the Morgan Stanley conference in San Francisco on March 4. And I’ also want to note – to say the date for our Annual Investor Day which we will be holding at our gallery here in San Francisco on June 24. And now I'll turn the call back over to the operator. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with UBS.
John Byun - UBS: This is actually John Byun on for Brent Thill. Just two questions, one on the guidance for Q1 which seemed to imply about a 6% sequential decline, which is much lower than historical averages. And if you could maybe talk about the key factors behind that? And then in Europe if you could maybe go into, a little bit more into what drove the outside strength?
Mark Hawkins: So let me, John, take that question. This is Mark Hawkins. In terms of the Q4 to Q1, obviously looking at the sequential pattern, we’ve taken a look at everything we can see in the economy, everything we can see about our business. As you know, visibility is not as clear as it was certainly pre-reset. With all that comprehended, this is our view of the revenue growth for the particular quarters. So that's, we think this is a solid set of range of guidance for revenue to give you from that standpoint, so that's the first part of your question.  The second part of your question?
John Byun – UBS: It was related to the European region. 
Mark Hawkins : In terms of -- if there is any additional…
Carl Bass : I think what we saw was a rebound in EMEA. I mean we detailed some of the stuff around the effects of currency. I think currency continues to remain volatile and we watch it both ways and so we were mindful of it for the year going forward, going down. It had help from much of this year. And other than that I think we are at that stage of the recovery where we've seen a stabilization over the last quarters and now we're starting to see increases, even if small ones, in terms of the business in end user demand. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Ticonderoga Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Ticonderoga Securities: Mark, in light of the maintenance billing strength in the quarter, particularly sequentially, would it be fair to say that your renewal rates are now on average back into the normal 80% plus kind of a range? Would you expect them to stay there if so and any comments you can make on idle capacity being reactivated would be helpful? And secondly for Carl, with regard to the channel, at last year’s analysts meeting and in light of today’s announcements from CRN, I thought it would be helpful if you could comment on any particular new programs or economics you might be putting in place for the channel for fiscal ’11.
Mark Hawkins: Okay let me jump into this Jay, the first two parts of it and then let Carl take the third. In terms of the renewals, again we don’t speak on specific renewal rates. What I would say to you is you are correct in that sequentially our renewal rate is up from that standpoint and that’s factual and it’s largely flat year-on-year in terms of the renewal rate. So that was a tick up for sure. In terms of idle capacity, I think perhaps you're alluding just to clarify things like shelf ware as one of the things that you've addressed. Just want to call out again, our view historically is that we have seen the thesis that have been put out on the wire and such on that, that’s not something that we’ve actually experienced a lot. Historically, that's not been a factor. I am sure technically somewhere there is a “shelf ware” but our business experiences has not been an impact on our business.
Carl Bass: Actually I would go further Jay. I actually think there is anti shelf ware out there right now that I think that if you were to net it all out, that there is more pent up demand than there is excess capacity sitting around. But there are a number of factors that have led people to not upgrade or not renew their subscription over the years. There have been technology changes as well in terms of computing platform, operating systems and so people are starting to find themselves out of date. So I think when you net it all out, anti shelf ware outweighs shelf ware.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Ticonderoga Securities: All right, then on the channel.
Carl Bass: On the channel, one of the things that we've learned over the years was the wisest way to work together with our channel partners is to give lots of directions about where we're headed, not making sharp changes in direction. It’s a very difficult thing when you're working with thousands of partners around the world and so I would say we're really working on a continuation of trying to tune the business and as you know we did a number of things this year, both long term things as well as many short term things because of the economic situation, and going forward, we continually what I would refer to as tweaking the model and continue to work with ways that strengthen their business and our business but I don’t see any really dramatic changes there.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Ticonderoga Securities: All right. Just if I could squeeze one last one. For fiscal '11 and beyond, what are your thoughts on the possible upside to Autodesk from redoing your suites offering? By our calculation, your suites, all of them together are less than half of what Adobe gets just in Creative suite alone. So many products versus one product in their case, and so the question is, do you see much potential for substantially scaling up your suites business?
Carl Bass: Yeah, I'm very jealous of both Adobe and Microsoft Suite business. I think they've both done a great job with suites, I think it’s a very effective strategy for the company and I think it’s very cost effective for the customer and so we’ve talked about it. We'll probably talk a lot more about what we're doing at analyst day in June and we'll give you more details but I think there is great potential in suites.
Operator:   Your next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with ISI Group.
Heather Bellini - ISI Group:   Carl, I had a question. I don’t know if this is for you or Mark. Two questions. One, what type of benefit if any did you see from people trying to get ahead of the price increase in March and I guess going back to the question that someone asked for Brent, is that maybe reason for the magnitude of sequential decline given I think we probably all thought that you would be at least flat at the mid point. And then the second question would be back on the fiscal 3Q call, you guys mentioned that the definition of modest for operating margins was in the 200 to 300 basis point range. I just wanted to make sure that that definition of modest still holds?
Carl Bass:   Yeah, so two things. One is, it’s hard to pin point exactly but I would not anticipate that much of the business we saw was anticipation of the price increase. I would say it’s a very, very small effect, if any at all, and I didn’t see that. I think when you look at Q1 guidance as Mark referred to, I think we're just being cautious. Visibility is limited. We continue to have concerns about volatility in currency. Unemployment still hasn’t picked up. The credit situation hasn’t improved dramatically. So I think there's still enough dark clouds on the horizon just in terms of the economy. We're just being cautious about what we see out there.
Mark Hawkins: Yeah, I would add in color from that standpoint. When you look at what was happening with billings and such, if you ignore what happened from Q3 to Q4 last year because of the economy and you look back further, I think there is a large component of this is just purely seasonal and you can see it. And as far as the modest range on the operating margin, we continue to view the range that we discussed is a reasonable range.
Heather Bellini - ISI Group: Okay, so that’s 200 to 300 bps, right?
Mark Hawkins: That’s correct.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse: You showed a nice sequential uptick in the maintenance revenue quarter-to-quarter in the January quarter. Are we mostly behind call it flushing through the tough renewal seasons there and going forward do you actually expect to start growing again quarter-to-quarter and basically making Q1 beginning of that trend?
Carl Bass: Yeah, I think what we’d like to say is, we think it’s a good indicator, it’s a good data point, it doesn’t make a trend yet, we’ll continue to watch, I think truthfully we were a little bit surprised by it, we had indicated that we might see lower renewal rates in the fourth quarter, so we were pleasantly surprised by that, I wouldn’t go too far out on that limb until we see it continue into the first or second quarter, certainly won’t make projections about what that revenue line is going to do.
Mark Hawkins: I agree, and I think you just want to look at the data that Carl talked about and then also factor in the history of the prior three quarters or fourth quarters and model that into your total view of revenue going forward for maintenance.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Ashley with Robert Baird.
Steve Ashley - Robert Baird: Yeah, my question is really just around building activity, I mean we read a lot about construction being very distressed. Are you seeing any pockets of building activity taking place either by geo or by vertical?
Carl Bass : I mean I think this is an interesting question. I think if you look in the United States commercial construction, there are a lot of issues with it, and I think that a lot of questions remained unanswered going forward about commercial construction. I think on the other side, what you see is there still continuous to be construction in things like institutional and I think there is a move where you will see a lot more renovation.  There are a number of factors that will drive a lot more renovation work than has previously been done including things like energy legislation. I think when you look more broadly across the world, I think it varies a lot by geography. One of the things that intrigued us was, amongst the large deals that I mentioned, were the number of those large deals that were in the AEC space and were in places like the Americas, in places like Northern Europe, which just won't sound like the places where you’d expect these kind of deals at this time.  If I just try to step up back from it a little bit, Steve, what I see happening is, just like many other businesses, our customers have readjusted to the current economy and they've all gone from a state of a year ago, people were really in panic about what was going to go on. They were very uncertain about the future. They’ve recalibrated their businesses, and along with that, they are looking to invest in the future. Once they stabilize their business, they need to invest and they want to move it forward and they want to be more productive and efficient than before, so we're seeing things that are moving in lockstep with the traditional economic indicators. 
Mark Hawkins: Steve, I might add too that AEC actually was a leading business segment in Asia Pacific on top of all of the stuff that Carl said, so it just gives you a lens. 
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Brendan Barnicle with Pacific Crest Securities.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: I had two quick ones. On the large deals, can you give us the breakdown there between the indirect and the direct channel, and if you have it in the press release I missed what the upgrade revenue was during the quarter?
Carl Bass : Okay, on the large deals, I don’t actually have the breakdown, but most of our large deal business goes through our channel partners to one degree or another. We work with our channel partners. I don’t have the specific number on the large deals. One other thing I would say, Brendan, is, I think if you look at this quarter our proportion of business that went direct and indirect is right in line with historical norms. There’s really no difference. We’ve often talked about kind of an 80-20 between the indirect business and the direct one. We are right within that range.
Mark Hawkins: On the upgrades it’s $37 million.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan : Can you give us some more color on what you saw on the media and entertainment business in the quarter and what we should think about going into the New Year, the drivers and may be the trajectory?
Carl Bass: All I saw during the quarter was Avatar. I think like everybody else. I mean I think it seems to have dominated, not only dominated the headline, it dominated the box office, but I think it’s also kind of dominated the mind share of the industry about that large a blockbuster hit, and so I think for many people it’s making them reexamine what their plans are and where they are headed and the viability of 3-D and I think it was a good injection into the entertainment market. We are continuing to invest, and despite terrible economy, they were still able to break all time records. So that’s what I see there, I mean we are really proud of the part we played in Avatar and what we see is there's a lot of more 3-D films coming, there is a lot of investment in 3-D TV, as well as you know the more traditional gaming segment and the mobile games continue to grow through the down turn.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Davis with Needham.
Richard Davis - Needham: Apparently after two years of work, NVIDIA is going to incorporate mental images into their rendering engine, into the NVIDIA upcoming Fermi GPU. Is that all a competitor to you guys, do you think of it that way, because when you listen to them, I don’t follow the company specifically but they talk about being a software company and they’re kind of vaguely entering into your space, how should we think about that or is it just interesting but not relevant?
Carl Bass: First thing, they are a software company like we are a hardware company. You see our software is really not useful unless you have a piece of hardware to run it on. One of the things as we used their product mental ray, our customers used their product mental ray, so for the most part it is something that we collaborate on and our customers choose it. Many of customers choose to use mental ray as the renderer, many of them choose to use other solutions out there. You know there is no shortage of rendering solutions out there and customers use them for a variety of reasons, so I think it's interesting.  Generally speaking, anytime the hardware, or the hardware-software platform increases in capability in ways that benefit our customers, it’s a good thing. So more capable 3D hardware, faster CPUs, better connectivity, all that’s generally good because we are always at the end of the spectrum, where we were like -- we have compute intensive, graphics intensive applications and anything that’s catered to that end of the market rather than to the email end of the market is a good thing for us.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sasa Zorovic with Janney.
Sasa Zorovic – Janney:
 : Have you notice any or could you tell us about competitive changes in the quarter that may be would be notable to talk about?
Carl Bass: Yeah, I think one of the things that we saw a lot of a fair number of competitive swap outs, I mean particularly in manufacturing. Our manufacturing business did particularly well. We have held the opinion for a long time and I have been eager to voice it that a lot of manufacturing customers, particularly larger ones, are working on old antiquated systems. They running these legacy systems that are complex and expensive and no longer the best tools to do the job. And so we were very successful in either wholesale replacements or in many places getting pilots in order to replace these old expensive systems. So that’s one of the dynamics that’s changing and I think in some ways it’s been a long term trend; we’ve certainly spoken about it for the last three years. But I think one of the things that happened during the economic down turn, every company including large manufacturing companies examined their cost structure, and I say what can I do to be, a, more efficient, more cost effective, but also more importantly how do I get my products to market faster and better when I come out of this. So many of them were just trying to create a different profile as they emerge both from a cost basis and the ability to bring high quality products to market. When you look at some of the stuff that we have done over the last few years, we believe we have the most complete portfolio for people to bring manufacturing products to market, so that’s the place where I saw the biggest difference.
Sasa Zorovic – Janney: Now, in manufacturing specifically, is there a sort of specific part to it where you would say that you have been particularly gaining share or that you could share with us?
Carl Bass : I think it’s right in the center, it’s kind of hardcore manufacturing. Things like industrial machinery, automotive, making something related to aerospace, those are the places. We have done a fair amount stuff in consumer products, I think it’s just the heart of manufacturing and where we have done a really good job throughout the supply chain, I think when you look some small shops up to people tier one, tier two to the large OEMs, I think we have done as good a job as anybody in covering that broad spectrum.
Sasa Zorovic – Janney: Given that you have gotten so many large deals this past quarter, would you say that maybe your larger customers have more appetite than smaller ones, or could one not sort of say that given the quarter?
Carl Bass: Again I wouldn’t draw too many conclusions from it yet about the large deals. It was certainly a good indicator compared to the beginning of the year. I said this quarter the large deals outnumbered all the other quarters combined, I’d wait to see more about any trajectory, I think there are a number of factors like pent up demand, end of the year spending, so I don’t have a lot of certainty around that yet, Sasa.
Operator: Your next question comes form the line of Derek Bingham with Goldman Sachs.
Derek Bingham - Goldman Sachs: Hey, guys. Congratulations. Carl, you talked a little bit about pent up demand and I was wondering what you have thought about the new product releases coming out in the early part of this year, could they have more of an impact than usual given some of that pent up demand?
Carl Bass: So I think the products that are coming out in the beginning of the year are fantastic products. We've just gone through that last stage of releasing products and I think we have this awesome collection of products. One of the things that we did is we worked really hard to preserve our investment in technology through the downturn and so I think the products are great. On the other hand I'd say commercially, we've tried to mute the impact of any particular release through changes in business model and so I don't expect a lot. I think more business will be driven by what goes on overall with the economy than specific to any particular release of software.
Derek Bingham - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And Mark, on the maintenance renewable rate, I wonder if you could characterize just in a little more granularity, when you saw that renewal rate bump up, was this just a very modest bump up or was it more significant than that?
Mark Hawkins: I would put it as a kind of a decent bump up. That's probably where I would characterize it. Again it's up sequentially. It's pretty much in line year-on-year. So that's maybe the way to kind of triangulate on that. I don't want to overstate it or understate it. It's kind of a middle of the road bump up in renewals. But we're pleased to see it for sure. And I think what it does, Derek, is it just kind of reinforces the value that people see in our offering and I think they just leave it at that. It's a good offering.
Operator: (Operator instructions). Your next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan with Bank of America/Merrill Lynch. 
Kash Rangan - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch : Looking at the regional breakout, Carl, it looks like America seems to be still looking at a range somewhat pretty close to where you did in Q1, start of the year and looks like the improvements have really come in Europe and also looking at the product breakout of the company, it looks like the improvement has been relatively significant on the manufacturing side rather than on the core AEC although you're certainly up relative to what you did in Q1. Any thoughts there, you've used the expression bumping along the range here and there. It looks like Americas and AEC, the two biggest constituents still seem to be bumping within that range. Any thoughts there, maybe I'm misinterpreting that but I just wanted to get your thoughts on the trajectory of these two significant pieces of your business.
Carl Bass: I think you have a charitable memory. I talked about bouncing along the bottom. I think it was more like it. What I would say is all through this, we have seen manufacturing be stronger. I think we continue to see manufacturing be stronger. I was pleased with the change in direction we saw in the Americas business, just more fine grain detail than we report on. So I was very pleased. I think we’ve gotten to that place where we’ve not only stabilized but we're starting to see sequential increases, and barring anything unforeseen, I think the trajectory is good there. Overall, I think the AEC business is doing well. We will have no doubt a drag from commercial construction in the U.S. but I think there are many other factors going on and that’s commercial new construction whereas I think there will continue to be lots of commercial construction and many people are adjusting to kind of the new levels that we see in the economy. So overall I was really pleased with it.
Kash Rangan - Bank of America/Merrill Lynch : And also one follow up thought, maybe a question on shelf ware? I don’t know if my voice can still get through at this point but if one were to subscribe to the view that if the AEC firms that laid off people started to hire these or at some point start to hire these folks back again and therefore are going be using that old shelf ware, even if you believe that for a second, I know you don’t really believe that, but even if someone were to take that position, what kind of impact can the new release on the horizon have on that? Do you think in other words a new release might spur people to pass up on the option to use the unused shelf ware and instead go for the new licenses just because there is so much new incremental functionality in the upcoming version?
Carl Bass: That is my thesis of the anti shelf ware is really that that if you're sitting two releases back, there are business reasons that you want to be on the latest. There are technical reasons. A technical reason could be anything like compatibility with your suppliers or your vendors. It could be something like running on the latest operating systems like Windows 7. It can be running on the latest hardware like 64 bit. So there's technological reasons, there are business and commercial reasons that you would not stay there. Also even during some of the darker quarters, I talked about what saw with many, many companies doing pilots or other kinds of small test trials in smaller amounts that we're used to seeing. So if they did have a 100 employees and they were going to swap something out, in the past, they might have bought more. Maybe this time they just did a trial with five licenses. So that’s why I believe when you net it all out, there is more demand either because new releases, new technology, economic motivation to get up on the latest release. as well as when you look out there, in terms of people who have already made the decision to switch, they may not have had the budget or the projects in place yet, and now they're getting ready to do that. I think when you look at some of the large deals we saw, many of those deals just didn’t get created in this quarter. They have been worked on for a while. What happened is the budget money became available, they saw enough light at the end of the tunnel for their business to decide to make those kind of investments. So no, I mean it's hard to get me in the place of believing in the shelf ware argument although I know it’s one some people believe in.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley:   Thank you guys, very nice quarter. I want to ask you in terms of the new commercial seat growth that you are seeing, perhaps you can help us characterize where those new seats are going, because you said in your earlier comments that employment really hasn’t turned around, so it’s not an employment driver. Can you give us some sense of where you are seeing new seats being created in the most recent quarter?
Carl Bass :   So, I would say I don’t think it’s changed substantially from historic places, a number of things I think about, just because in aggregate, employment’s not changing doesn’t mean that there is not a lot of flux in the workforce. Firms are growing, others are shrinking, people are moving, M&A is happening. So there is still a lot of movement and remember there is not a liquid market in licenses, so just movement in and of itself means people go out and buy seats. One other things that I think is also true during a downturn is there are two things that go on, one is customers tend to consolidate around their preferred vendors. So we often operate in heterogeneous environments. During good times, the heterogeneity tends to get larger; people have three, four, five vendors. When times get tough they get down to one or two and I think in many cases we have been beneficiaries of them narrowing their selection of vendors. The other thing is tough economic times make people make tough business decisions and one of the things is that we have always tried to stress is that the value of our software was much greater. And I talked about how we are manufacturing, there is no reason to be buying a $25,000 CAD system when a $7,000 CAD system is a better tool, and people are coming to that awareness particularly as you look at other companies and they have gone through this thing up, okay I’m paying a $1 million or $2 million in maintenance, so it’s not just the initial purchases, people are looking at this ongoing pricing and they are going this doesn’t make any sense for my business. And they are saying I have a better tool over here, I have a trusted relationship with this vendor, and I have already used it in portions of my facility, and now I’m going to switch over.  So I think that’s one thing that goes on. We have also talked about emerging markets, one of the things that we did see was a rebound in our emerging markets where there are certainly people entering the workforce and so I think some of the dynamics have changed, maybe the motivation why people bought new commercial licenses this quarter maybe different than if we had talked about this two year ago. But the places you would find them are very similar.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley: If I could squeeze one last one in, maintenance billing is I understand being very positively impacted by renewal rate. In terms of the actual maintenance revenues, were there any one time items in there that causes sequential growth or perhaps any catch up on maintenance revenues in that figure that were out of the sort of the ordinary catch up?
Mark Hawkins : I would say no, not at all. Just the basic business here, renewals were really the driver.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Koenig with Longbow Research.
Steve Koenig - Longbow Research: Just one tactical question and one kind of longer-term oriented follow-up. Tactical question, so the unshipped orders looks like they billed pretty well in the quarter? What caused that and then where should we expect as a trend in Q1, should it stay the same, go down, et cetera?
Mark Hawkins: I think the comment I recall is backlog was $26 million. You can see historically how we've disclosed that, it's a little bit on the high side of the range, but not completely out of the norm, but on the higher side for sure. I think you would really look at that and then the channel inventory together; their channel inventory is as we said below three weeks and I think those two kind of play hand-in-hand. I don't think there is any real special story there other than that. 
Steve Koenig - Longbow Research: Okay. Let me move to the follow-up question then. I've heard some channel partners concerned around, they love to increase functionality of the products, the products are just getting better and better all the time. They deliver a lot more productivity to customers. But I've also heard a concern that down the road customers are going to be able to do a lot more with in fact fewer people and that there could be -- the concern being there could be an adverse revenue impact. Is that a factor, is that for real or is that something that shouldn't be a concern at all?
Carl Bass : It kind of reminds me of the conversations around the paperless office. I mean we are 25 years past the idea of the paperless office, I'm sitting at a table with more paper than I would have had 25 years ago. I think there is always this idea that you will do more with less employees and to some degree efficiencies, productivity measures by traditional economic measures do go up. But what you find is that in a competitive environment, people still need to produce the best projects or the best products and more often than that, they reinvest the time in savings into producing the best product. So I still need a cell phone that out competes the other guy. I need a more fuel efficient car than my competitors, or I need a better more aesthetic and energy efficient building than somebody else. So what we see over time is there is always -- this thought underlies lots of people when they look at long term trends. It’s never played out and they don’t really see it playing out in the future.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross MacMillan with Jeffries & Company.
Ross MacMillan - Jeffries & Company: Mark, you mentioned 22 deals over a $1 million or Carl, can you just put that into reference relative to last year in your fiscal fourth quarter?
Mark Hawkins: Let me give it to you in the context of the entire year. We are pleased with the sequential tracking of the big deals within FY10 as we talked to you about compared to last year of course, we said it’s probably down about 50% year on year. The trajectory obviously is the key point that we were calling out in terms of Q4.
Ross MacMillan - Jeffries & Company: Absolutely. Just a quick one on the maintenance from my side as well. You obviously you’ve seen basically maintenance billing I think now on average for the last fourth quarters be around flat or just modestly down. Was that a good starting point for us to kind of work from when we think about how we should think about maintenance growth may be in the fiscal first quarter of 2011.
Mark Hawkins : I think from that standpoint, Ross, I look at a couple of things. One is the billings that we had this period that we talked quite a bit about, and as Carl said, you know certainly seasonally what you would normally see a seasonal up tick but maybe better than we expected a bit and that was driven by the renewal rates. So the way I think about this is take a look at the prior three quarters in terms of the data that we shared with you, look at what’s going on in this quarter and the data we have shared with you, and then make a view on the renewal rates. And that will be the key drivers to get you to Q1 and beyond. Our renewal rates, as you can see, has a fairly important dynamic.
Carl Bass : Let me just take a step back for a second. I think what happened to our business as with many is we were most gravely affected by the overall economy. In response to it, we changed the way that we go about doing our business; hopefully, we made some smart decisions during that, focused our energy on things that mattered, got rid of some of things that didn’t matter. Right now, we are sitting here, we are very pleased with the quarter. It’s one data point that there is more work that needs to be done and we hope that many of the things we laid in that were of our own doing turned out to be successful going forward. And of course, we hope the economy continues to improve, and this time we think we got a little bit of benefit from both as we go forward and we see more quarters hopefully the same, we will be able to put a little bit more, greater ability to identify how much comes from things of our own doing and how much comes from just the rising tide of an improving economy.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray
Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray: Quick one here with the total upgrade pricing change towards putting anyone behind the current version in a position where they need to pay 50% of a new seat price, what do you expect the impact will be on subscription attach rates and what do you think subscription will be as a percentage of the user base over the next couple of years?
Carl Bass: I think in some ways if you look historically we have talked about this for a long time since the program has been in place. Upgrades have become a smaller and smaller portion of our business. Right now, they’re a fairly small portion of the business. I think there is a small amount of the people involved in that, that will choose to go on subscription. My guess is -- certainly they hold for both attach and renewal rates, they will go higher, but I think it is much driven by the value that we are putting in the program by any of the economic motivation. On other hand, it is more likely than not change in pricing. We will move people towards subscription. Generally speaking, what we looked at is, it became a small enough portion of our business, that we were really interested in was in the business model simplification that came from doing that and not needing to manage all that complexity, both from our point of view and the point of view of our partners and certainly on behalf of our customers.
Operator:   Your next question comes from the line of Blair Abernethy with Thomas Weisel Partners. Please proceed.
Blair Abernethy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Thanks very much, and nice quarter guys. Wonder if you can just expand a bit on Autodesk Vault and how you are positioning that on the market and what you see for that over the next couple of years?
Carl Bass: We are tremendously excited about what we are doing with our vault, which is our data management product. We rolled it out to a broader audience, it’s a product that started in manufacturing, we are using it in broader ways right now. I mean it’s one of untold kind of stories in the business. People often see us not in this very kind a heavy iron expensive enterprise PLM market and we are not, and we are happy not to be there. But when it comes to data management, we think it’s a real issue for our customers and we had amazing success with the product. One of the things I was going to do in June is kind of detail more about it, tell people what’s going on with the business because I think it’s been a great success story and we given it enough time to gestate. There is meaningful success in it and we really understand the pain points that sell through our customers.
Blair Abernethy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Two more quick things. Just again on the large deals, can you give us a break out or give us some sense of how many of the 22 deals fell into manufacturing versus AEC or other areas?
Carl Bass: Two things, one is that, I don’t really want to break it out. And number two is, some of the deals are not that easy. When we get to our larger deals, there is a lot of cross pollination between the two and so we have a lot of those.
Blair Abernethy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Fair enough. One last, if I can, Mark, just your tax rate, 27% for Q1 next year. What should we be thinking about for the full year?
Mark Hawkins: From that standpoint, Blair, the 27% you get (inaudible) up a bit because basically the R&D tax credit has not been renewed, and so at this stage, that’s our best view of the world. We're are not giving guidance for the full year. As that tax law changes or potentially changes, we'll obviously update our projection each quarter. But that’s our current view right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line Greg Dunham with Deutsche Bank.
Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank: Yes, just one quick question. Was the linearity in the quarter in line with historical Q4 pattern?
Mark Hawkins: I think there was no major change in the linearity from that standpoint, Greg. No big story to tell there.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Israel Hernandez from Barclays Capital.
Israel Hernandez - Barclays Capital: In some of our checks, we're finding that business information modeling, BIM requirements are becoming more pronounced in the competitive bid process, particularly in some of the federal government initiatives that are coming out of the stimulus. Can you comment on these BIM requirements and do you see as a driver of some of the 3-D products like Revit?
Carl Bass: That's actually a good pickup. We certainly see it. It's one of the things I was kind of referring to slightly obtusely before about some of the things that we put in place during the downturn. We worked really hard with governments around the world, particularly in Americas with the stimulus money to help make sure that when the stimulus money was spent, people were getting the most for their money and we believe the way to do that is through BIM modeling. And so I think it’s made its way into many of the programs that are being launched by federal governments. It's going on in some of the state and local governments and we're seeing more of a trend internationally around it. I think the other thing that's really important is, so on one hand it’s being driven just by mandate by being part of the legislation. The other place is, I think many people are underestimating the magnitude of change that's coming with the legislation around energy. It's a much bigger deal than many people have really accounted for and so I think some of the ways that building information modeling is getting built into the standards and the codes is in order for people to really understand carbon footprints of the buildings that they're making going forward. So I think both those factors play into it. Both of them play to our strength and we believe revenue is the strongest end product in the market. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ben Rose with Battle Road Research.
Ben Rose - Battle Road Research: A question for Carl. I was curious to know a little bit more about the performance of the mechanical simulation products during the quarter. I know that over the last couple of years, you've made a number of acquisitions there and was curious how those products are playing out? And I guess a follow-up question would be to what extent are you seeing synergy between those products and the inventor product?
Carl Bass: Yeah, so we worked hard to make sure our simulation products work really well with our inventor product. What I would say at this point is, I'm really pleased with how far we’ve gotten with the simulation products. This is both Moldflow and the stuff we did with Algor. I think they’ve had great success in terms of what I would really look at is those early stage pilots. So I think we’ve been able to get it into a lot of places, seat it and test it. I don’t think it had a big impact on revenue this quarter. This is another one of these areas that I think we would be wise to detail a little bit more for you in June, we will have a little bit more traction there with what we're actually doing. But in terms of people who want to lower the cost of production, they want to simplify the process and the time it takes to bring products to market and there is no doubt that the integration of design and engineering tools with simulation tools is the way to do it. And what’s interesting for us, it’s certainly true in manufacturing where it’s a long established technique, but we're also seeing it in some of the things I referred to in the AEC markets where those same kind of needs are there. As people understand that regardless of what you're building, if you model it rather than just draw it, if you have a 3-D model based design, you're able to do analysis and simulation. One of the places we've seen it really clearly is in road design, an area where people don’t really think of analysis and simulation, but equally important there. So we really think it's the next step and it really fulfils the promise of what model based design tools are really about so that you can really understand the thing you're building in a more complete way than you're otherwise capable of.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brendan Barnicle with Pacific Crest Securities.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: I was just checking the tax rate. That’s been answered.
Operator: With no further question in the queue, I would now like to turn the call back over to Dave Gennarelli for closing remarks. You may proceed, sir.
Dave Gennarelli: That concludes our formal remarks today. If you have further questions, you can reach Investor Relations at 415-507-6033. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation at today’s conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q3  (2009-11-18 17:00:00) =====
Executives: Dave Gennarelli - Director of IR Carl Bass - President and CEO Mark Hawkins - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray Heather Bellini - ISI Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities Brent Thill - UBS Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley Ross MacMillan - Jefferies Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank Jay Vleeschhouwer - Ticonderoga Securities Dan Cummings - Soleil Group Steve Koning - Longbow Research Sterling Auty - JPMorgan Sasa Zorovic - Janney Montgomery
Operator: Welcome to the Q3 2010 Autodesk, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions). I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host for today's call, Mr. Dave Gennarelli, Director of Investor Relations.
Dave Gennarelli: We apologize for the delay, we had some trouble getting our 8-K filed, but thank you for joining us today to discuss our third quarter fiscal 2010. Carl Bass, our Chief Executive Officer, is dialed in from Beijing, China. Here with me today in San Rafael is Mark Hawkins, our CFO. Today's conference call is being broadcast live via webcast, and in addition a replay of the call will be available at autodesk.com/investor. As noted in our press release we have published our prepared remarks on our website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to serve in place of the extended former comments and we'll not repeat them on this call. During the course of this conference call we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the future performance of the company, such as our guidance for the fourth quarter fiscal 2010, anticipated pre-tax spend for fiscal 2010, remarks about fiscal 2011, the factors we use to estimate our guidance, our future business prospects and financial results, our market opportunities and strategies and trends for our products and trends in various geographies. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to documents we file from time-to-time with the SEC, specifically our Form 10-K for fiscal 2009, our Form 10-Q for first and second quarters of fiscal 2010 and our periodic 8-K filings, including the 8-K filed with today's press release and prepared remarks. These documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today's call, but we will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum. During the call we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today's press release, prepared remarks and on our website. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Carl Bass.
Carl Bass: Consistent with the format we adopted a couple of quarters ago, I'll give a quick overview and then we'll jump right into Q&A. Over the past three months, global economic data has shown some improvement. Recent government data indicated that the US is no longer in the recession and last week it was reported that many European countries are no longer in recession. I think in some ways our increasingly stable results are of a reflection of this data. While it's encouraging to see more positive economic indicators, we'd also like to see more positive data on jobs. Economies may be recovering in terms of GDP, but jobs are still being lost and that is a key component to Autodesk recovery. Revenue was $417 million. While essentially flat with the second quarter, we were pleased to see it stabilize after four quarters of sequential declines. Highlights in the third quarter included sequential revenue growth in both the Americas and EMEA, commercial new licenses, 2D horizontal, government sales and 3D animation. We also delivered a solid sequential increase in profitability. This was achieved by reducing our operating expenses again as we realized the full benefit of the restructuring activity we implemented earlier this year and our focus on efficiency and cost controls. Our cost control efforts this year have yielded better than expected results and we believe that we will exceed our prior cost savings projection. We now expect to reduce our pre-tax spend in fiscal 2010 by more than $300 million as compared to fiscal 2009. These savings will be achieved this quarter despite a seasonal sequential increase in fourth quarter expenses. Of course, we will continue to look for ways to increase our efficiencies and profitability, while making essential investments for the future. With the excellent progress we have made on reducing our cost structure and the increasingly stable business environment, we are now shifting gears to rekindle revenue growth in addition to continuing to look for ways to increase our efficiencies and profitability. Our revenue forecast for the fourth quarter calls for a sequential revenue increase of between 1% and 6%, which is modest, but another step towards recovery. We will look to build on these steps as we finalize our plan over the coming months for fiscal 2011. Last week I gathered our top leaders from around the globe to strategize on how we can effectively grow revenue as well as to generate innovative ideas to strengthen the business longer term. While we were not ready to overlay these ideas in our current forecast, we were excited about the potential they represent. Everyone who attended this meeting left with the spirit of optimism regarding our long-term growth prospects. We have an unmatched product portfolio of design, engineering and entertainment software solutions, and with over $1 billion in cash and no debt, we remain very confident in both our financial and our market positions. Operator, we'd now like to open up the call for questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). We have a question from the line of Mike Olson, Piper Jaffray.
Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray: You talked about sequential growth in 2D in the script. What do you attribute the growth in new seats of 2D AutoCAD and Lt 2?
Carl Bass: I mean, a couple of things are going on. I think one thing is that the compares are low. We're operating off of low levels coming out of the trough, it is one arithmetic fact. I think the second is while the US and a few other countries are still struggling in terms of jobs, there are other economies that are starting to see rebounds.
Mike Olson - Piper Jaffray: The second question, in an improving environment, will the channel expect increasing levels of marketing dollars from Autodesk and how will you weigh the balance next year if we're seeing revenue growth on a year-over-year basis?
Carl Bass: We will continue to invest marketing dollars to help generate demand. The marketing dollars that go directly to the channel partners are formulaic. So there's an algorithm based on the sales and stuff in terms of the marketing development funds that they'll get.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Heather Bellini, ISI.
Heather Bellini - ISI: I just had a question really about your comments about operating expenses in fiscal year '11 and I don't think you commented on this in your prepared remarks. Sorry, I've been going back and forth with another call. I was just wondering when back on the July call you talked about $60 million of costs that were suppressed this year that would come back next year, but to get to the operating margins that you are talking about next year either our revenues are way off or expenses are really going to ramp more than the $60 million you guys talked about. I was just wondering if you could help us think about our models for next year.
Mark Hawkins: A couple things here. One is that we talked about also in the prepared remarks that our operating expenses would be now in excess of $300 million reduction year-on-year on a non-GAAP basis when you look at the exit of fiscal '10 compared to fiscal '09. That's the news that we reported thus far. We've also talked about the fact that about 20% of those costs as reflected in FY '10 are what we call cost suppression and we're also making the point that only a fraction of that will come back in FY '11, so we're just trying to size and frame this to a degree. So that's one part of the equation to consider. The other part of the equation to consider is the normal seasonality for Q1. There's a seasonality of Q1 plus some fraction of a return of operating expenses, and therefore, always try to give you some early view of what could be in Q1. Again, we're not giving formal targets at this point. We're just trying to begin to share our thinking. There will be a time when we come to the formal targets for Q1.
Heather Bellini - ISI: That makes perfect sense. Normal seasonality seems to be what the Street is looking for. If I look back, ex April of '09, you guys have been flat, plus or minus a few points sequentially, which is where the Street is. Yet to get to the margin to be below, it looks like you have to add about $25 million in operating expenses back, and then to get to the target where you say modest fiscal '11 operating margin expansion just implies that you are going to put back more than the $60 million in costs you've suppressed unless we're mis-modeling revenue going out and it's going to be potentially worse than normal seasonality. That's what I'm trying to get at. Those are the calls I'm getting right now and the emails I'm seeing in my inbox.
Mark Hawkins: We're not prepared to talk about the entire fiscal year '11, if you will. What we're trying to do is just give you a sense of a few things that we think are important for you to look at, but we're certainly not prepared to have a revenue discussion at this point. What I think is clear is there's a fraction of the 20% of the $300 million plus that we saved in FY '10 that will come back, a fraction of that will come back in FY '11. That's a statement that's out there and we're also saying that our operating margin we think will improve year-on-year even with some of that return of suppression. So that's the case there. So it could be 200 to 300 basis points of operating margin improvement year-on-year in FY '11. Again, this is not targets, this is not guidance, this is early days, but we're trying to give you a sense of direction and things to think about. I hope that helps.
Operator: We have a question from Brendan Barnicle, Pacific Crest Securities.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Just to follow-up on that, in terms of revenue seasonality which Heather was alluding to, is the environment stabilized enough where we would expect to see typical seasonality or are we still sort of off cycle there?
Mark Hawkins: The way I am thinking about this revenue is basically the following is that we first talk about the importance of stabilization and what you're hearing today is this notion of stabilization. Over time, you would expect in any kind of recovery that that will gradually transition into some modest growth and eventually more towards the kind of growth rate you would expect in this marketplace post-economic reset. Where we're at right now is we're not prepared to get too deep into the revenue topic at this stage, but we are trying to give you a general sense of a couple important indicators we think you'll want to think about at the beginning of the year.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Maybe I can follow-up then on the subscription revenue because we saw that decline sequentially for the first time. We expected that given what's going on with billings. If I have it right, we also saw a 10% decline in billings in the third quarter. That's better than 11% decline in the second quarter and 14% in the first quarter. So do we now expect that we'll see this decline or should model it through the next three quarters as this rounds the bottom and then starts to head back up and has like a one year lag behind it?
Mark Hawkins: I don't know that I would go that far, to be honest with you. What I would say to you is you certainly got a good read on it though I think with billings down minus 10%. Billings over time drive subscription revenues over 12-month ratable period for the majority of it. So I think you got the right angle there. I think there is couple of opportunities for us to change the shape of the subscription revenue. One is renewal rate increases is an opportunity to change that vector and that shape over time would be certainly one thing to think about there, and also new seat licenses, which we saw a sign that we liked, which was a sequential increase quarter-on-quarter this quarter. That we thought was an important indicator. So I think you got it right. The way you are thinking about, understanding the fact that billings are down and it's going to lead to subscription revenue being down with the other proviso that obviously there are things we are trying to impact to change that over time.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: If I could just ask one last question about changing that over time and I understand we'll have new pricing that goes into effect next March. I started to hear about that for the first time substantially this past quarter. Did you see that change start to impact or improve renewal rates at all?
Mark Hawkins: I don't know that I would say that at this stage. I couldn't make that point at this stage. I think it's too early.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Brent Thill, UBS.
Brent Thill - UBS: If you look at some of your peers that have taken some pretty significant action and when you benchmark yourself against other peers in the software industry, it seems like you are running still at a pretty high rate in terms of your fixed costs relative to what you are producing. So are you comfortable now with the current headcount where you are at or do you anticipate you need to make additional changes to realign to the lower demand that you are seeing?
Carl Bass: First of all, I would say we've always told you that headcount is really not a good indicator. I think the place to look is more at the operating expenses itself. So just to calibrate you, I would stick on the expenses themselves. As I said on the last call and I'd say the same thing again, if demand doesn't pick up during this year we obviously have too much expense in there, but if the news coming out of all the different countries and the change we're seeing in our business materializes, I think we're in the spot to deliver increasing profitability and good revenue growth.
Brent Thill - UBS: Carl, if you could just contrast the Americas versus Europe and any common trends that you are seeing across both geographies that would be great.
Carl Bass: I think what's happening is Europe, I think we were certainly afraid. Certainly the last time we all talked, we were much more afraid that Europe was headed into the [griper] and was looking like it was headed down in the same way that the US had gone and possibly was going to be down for so long. I think none of the economic news out of there really supports that. Germany and France have managed to do well. Our business is uneven across Europe, but much better than we would have expected. I'd say the Americas is stabilized. It's relatively flat. Like we said in the prepared remarks, I think we still need to see some job growth and I think we need to see a loosening of credit, especially for the small and medium companies. I think we're at a point where the large companies certainly have access to credit, small and medium business I still think are capital-constrained. I'd add one thing, there's no sign of a recession in China.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Steve Ashley, Robert W. Baird.
Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird: I just want to talk about that revenue seasonality in Q1. I guess when we look back over the last several years the sequential trend in revenue has been flattish during normal times. Last year it was under normal time. Is that what you are inferring that we would go back to normal times and we would see normal flattish revenue seasonality in Q1?
Carl Bass: I think if there are two big effects, there's the normal seasonality and there's the economic recovery, I would say that the economic recovery is probably a stronger force where we would expect to see flatter revenue in the beginning of the year and a pick up towards the second half of the year. I think it would break the trend somewhat of traditional seasonality.
Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird: In terms of deferred maintenance revenue, it has been trending down here. When might you expect that to level off?
Mark Hawkins: In terms of the maintenance revenue, I think the key thing obviously is to really understand the billings and how the billings are going to be changing over time because the billings are a precursor to that. So we're not giving necessarily forward-looking guidance on the subs revenue at this stage, but I think as I was trying to cover before the billings will be a precursor. Largely it's ratable over 12 months, but not 100%. The other factors are will our renewal rate go up and we are pleased to see that stabilize as well by the way. That was an important indicator in addition to the fact that new licenses went up sequentially. So those two factors could impact ones projection of subs revenue in addition to the billing indicator. Those are the three things that we're looking at as we model it. We're not at a stage where we want to give forward-looking guidance on that.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Keith Weiss, Morgan Stanley.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley: Sorry to beat a dead horse here a little bit, but when you look at the guidance, if we look at the midpoint of guidance for your fourth quarter, both on the revenue side and the EPS side, it seems to imply a pretty nice ramp in total expense. If I take the midpoint of both of those and sort of like work backwards I'm getting to expenses somewhere around the $360 million range. Does that sound right to you? What would those ramp in expenses be due to and is that something that we should expect to sort of continue to grow sequentially like we've seen in prior years into Q1? Is that the kind of seasonality you are talking about that's going to lead to flat year-on-year operating margins?
Carl Bass: What we often see is seasonal increase in expenses in the fourth quarter that's tied to things like sales commissions. If you look back historically, you'll see last year, of course, we'll be a little bit off, but if you go back years before that you could see that. We usually see a little ramp up there. The confusion is what we see in Q4 and Q1 are often different things. When we get to Q1 in normal times, we see ramp ups from salary increases as well as some other compensation payments. One set of payments goes down and the other goes up and that's what you usually see from Q4 to Q1.
Keith Weiss - Morgan Stanley: Is that what's in that guidance for the call, flattish operating margins into Q1 2010, those salary increases and the like starting to ramp back in?
Mark Hawkins: We do some localization and (inaudible) that seasonally kicks in Q4 every year. Those are things that are there. There are even smaller things not to get too precise. For example, certain people cap out with FICA and things like that and there's matching expenses that can show up even in different times after the beginning of a New Year and such in terms of the calendar year. There are a lot of little bits and pieces that contribute to the seasonality that we've seen historically from that standpoint. So that's just to cap off on your question regarding Q4.
Carl Bass: The only thing I was going to say is we gave you guidance for this year about taking up $300 million. We talked about $60 million coming back. I think you can do the math from there about our thoughts for next year.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Heather Bellini, ISI.
Heather Bellini - ISI: I just had a follow-up in terms of how should we think about the customers that have deployed in a server-based model that might be on multiyear contracts with you guys? How do we think about the headwind for top-line growth and how long do you think it is before you get to your normalized comps where we've worked through some of that?
Carl Bass: I would say for the most part, most of our sales are by the seat. If anything, I think there's been some chatter about unused licenses. If anything, I see a pent-up demand for licenses, but it really is tied directly to the number of people sitting there, doing design, engineering work. I don't see much of a headwind in terms of absorbing what's out there already. Many people have adjusted their licenses. You can see it in terms of the subscription revenue. I think for the most part it moves along with employment numbers in the various firms.
Operator: We have a question from the line Ross MacMillan from Jefferies.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies: Mark, just going back on the costs, I'm curious as you think about next year aside from a part of the $60 million that's going to roll back, is part of what we're missing that you have other expenses that you plan to put back into the P&L, whether that be lead generation, marketing spend, things to stimulate demand, or is it really just that all we should think about is part of that $60 million rolling back into the income statement?
Mark Hawkins: Certainly an important part as you think about Q1 is the fact that a fraction of that $60 million rolling back the cost suppression is coming back. Again, we control that and we reinforced how much we will control to come back, but that's certainly a factor. Beyond that, in terms of any other OpEx that we may make investments on, of course, we'll continue to make selective investments to drive growth for the year and for the long term. Very select ones.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Greg Dunham, Deutsche Bank.
Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank: I wanted to follow-up on the maintenance opportunity in terms of improving renewal rates. Can you give us a sense of where are we in terms of the magnitude below the normal renewal rates we are at?
Mark Hawkins: Just to be clear, in terms of your question on maintenance, you're trying to get at a sense of the magnitude. Frame that just a little bit better for me.
Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank: Obviously, renewal rates have stabilized, but my sense would be that they are stable at a much lower level than they are typically at. I just want to get a sense of where your renewal rates are now versus where they can go and how that can affect the maintenance business billings going forward.
Mark Hawkins: It's fair that the renewal rate is lower. We don't describe or disclose the exact renewal rates and that's been a historical point of order, if you will, but you are absolutely right. The renewal rates are lower and we see some opportunity to take those up. It's not like they are massively lower, but they are lower and an additional uptick on that has significant good implications if we can drive that higher.
Carl Bass: The way to look at the subscription revenue is the function of two things. It is the attach and renewal rate, but the attach rate is really highly dependent on the volume of new licenses. That's been the biggest driver of the reduction. The secondary effect is people reducing their renewals. The renewals for the most part are tied to reduced headcount employed rather than a change in their perception in the value of the subscription program. For example, if they have 10 seats on subscription and they now only have seven employees, many firms are just making the choice to just renew seven of them.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Ticonderoga Securities.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Ticonderoga Securities: During the call you've made pretty clear that you have outperformed on reducing your expenses and you said as well however that you are now shifting gears towards rekindling growth. Apart from the cyclical effect, I'd like to ask about the commitment you have for your expectations of the various new and incremental initiatives you've spoken of in this past year, for instance, expanding the line of preconfigured suites, design, on-demand, simulation, Autodesk products on the Mac, so on and so fourth. So, to what extent did the cost cuts affect any or all of those newer initiatives and how committed are you to following through on all of those for incremental growth?
Carl Bass: What I'd say is a number of things you talked about, things like suites, doing things like web-based services, all those initiatives we are able to continue, some of them we had a slowdown, but funding for all of them will not be incremental. We're doing it out of our existing cost bases. So we've redeployed resources to make sure that happens. So we've moved people from these projects to other projects in order to make sure that we can see those things through. What I'd say is really the focus was, in order to get the $300 million out of expense out, took a fair amount of just the bandwidth of the management team, it was a big initiative. Now the focus is turned to the other thing, turned to the other initiatives, but I wouldn't infer from that that there's more money coming behind that. It's really out of existing spend.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Ticonderoga Securities: Just to be clear, everything you've previously talked about will occur at some point or be expanded beyond what we've seen so far?
Carl Bass: Yes. You'll see suites, you'll see on-demand applications, you'll see new applications on the Mac, all that will happen this year.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Dan Cummings, Soleil Group.
Dan Cummings - Soleil Group: I wanted to try to get to, in real simple terms, the difference between Autodesk today as a $1.7 billion company and what you were a few years ago as a $1.7 billion company. I mean, the disparity in margins is really striking. I'm asking really with respect to the guidance, are you giving us worst case, worst case with respect to revenue and cost such that you're probably talking about a very high incremental margin relative to this guidance once you do see growth?
Carl Bass: In the simplest terms, the difference is this 1.7 is a smaller 1.7. Not to be too facetious about it, I think the difference is, this is 1.7 where the direction was heading down and the other was 1.7 where the direction was heading up. What you would see, as we've always said, is we can return to mid 20s to 30% operating margin at almost any revenue level. What we've done is we've made a decision that we think this is the appropriate level of expenses right now. As revenues grow as we've seen in the past, a large amount of that ends up dropping to the bottom-line. So I think you would see the same thing as you see economies recover. As our business picks up, you'll see a large incremental amount drop to the bottom-line.
Mark Hawkins: I agree. I think the issue is just trying to take a measured approach here from that standpoint of how to (inaudible) basically to take the margin back to where we want it and yet lay the groundwork for the franchise and opportunity we have over the long term with this company, which is a really exciting long-term opportunity. We're just trying to be very thoughtful and measured in terms of how we take this thing forward.
Carl Bass: The only thing I would add is that I think we can do some stupid things right now. I think we could cut expenses to the point where we are unable to really participate to the upside that comes with the recovery. We try to get ahead of the downturn by making cuts early, but I think we also want to be deliberate in our attempts here to make sure that we have the appropriate structure in place, the appropriate resources as we go forward to make sure that we can really take advantage of this. One of the things that we've seen in the downturn is the ability to displace many of our competitors. So, right now while the displacements we're seeing are relatively small, these are laying the groundwork for much future displacements, much larger displacements with much greater revenue potential. We're very excited about the market position we have and we don't want to miss out on that when the recovery comes.
Operator: We have a question from the line of [Steve Koning], Longbow Research.
Steve Koning - Longbow Research: Looks like the AEC segment did better sequentially than manufacturing this quarter. Was that due to strength in government or other factors? I'm also just wondering what's your view now given what you are seeing on what segments could grow faster first in a recovery.
Carl Bass: I'd say, generally speaking, during the downturn we've seen manufacturing holdup better than AEC. One of the things that we've seen episodically through the downturn is some very large sized deals from the largest AEC firms. A lot of it is coming from consolidation around one vendor where they've had a heterogeneous multi-CAD environment and now have decided to go with a single vendor. The downturn has created a fair amount of M&A activity, so there's a fair amount of consolidation amongst our customers, and in many cases we're being the beneficiary as they bring those companies together and they're trying to standardize again on one CAD platform. I think what we've seen in manufacturing has been slightly different. As I talked about and when I was talking about the competitive swap-outs, we've been winning many smaller deals in manufacturing and that's buoyed us through the downturn, but we haven't seen the large deals yet that we expect to see when we come out of this.
Steve Koning - Longbow Research: The sequential decline in manufacturing being a little bigger that was perhaps an anomaly this quarter.
Carl Bass: I wouldn't read much into it as a one quarter thing yet.
Mark Hawkins: I agree. One thing I would add is that we have talked about our government, in general, the government business is up, you had alluded to that, it is up sequentially and even year-on-year albeit not a huge segment and it's something to address as well.
Carl Bass: One of the things that is interesting that we've seen this time is we're seeing some of these larger deals, we're seeing some good business in the government, much better than we've historically seen. It's really hard to trace a lot of benefit to stimulus dollars, particularly in the United States. Other parts of the world you can see it, but not in the United States.
Operator: We have a question from the line of Sterling Auty, JPMorgan.
Sterling Auty - JPMorgan: Sorry to be nitpicky, but Mark in answering one of the very first questions, I think it was off the cuff, but you actually said you're looking for modest margin improvement for 2011 and then made the comment 200 to 300 basis points. I would consider that more than modest. Is that really in the range of what you consider modest?
Mark Hawkins: If you look at where we've been, I think that's the way we would couch it and that's a comment that we're putting out there. Again, I'm telling you these are not targets, but we're trying to give you a sense of our thinking and that is our thinking.
Carl Bass:
 : I think we're appropriately aware of the fact that it doesn't get us to the same place and we don't think it's appropriate to try to do that in one fell swoop, and so this measured and balanced approach to making sure that we continue to improve operating margins, while making sure we have enough investment in order to continue to grow revenue.
Operator: The last question will come from the line of Sasa Zorovic, Janney Montgomery.
Sasa Zorovic - Janney Montgomery: Specifically, you referred to (inaudible) and you did buy some stock back during the quarter. Going into the stabilization and potential growth ahead, would you then assume that cash is even more deployed in buying stock back more aggressively or would it be more for making acquisitions, because in an improving environment that much cash is arguably not going to be needed on the balance sheet.
Carl Bass: It was really hard to understand you, but I'll do my best to try to interpret what I think your question was. We continue to have a program where we will offset dilution from employee stock programs. We'll continue to do that. The other thing I would remind everyone again is that a large majority of our cash is offshore, and so I don't see any big changes in our capital program, I don't see any big changes in our stock buyback program. Right now, we had made a number of decisions about what to do with our cash heading into the downturn. I'm pleased with the decisions we made heading into the downturn and how we've been able to grow cash even through this downturn. And I think now is the time for us to reevaluate it and we're going to look at it, but that's really no hint of any necessary change in direction.
Mark Hawkins: I agree wholeheartedly. That's exactly where we're at here.
Sasa Zorovic - Janney Montgomery: What I wanted to ask was specifically regarding seeing the business stabilizing, specifically wanted to see if the quarter has indeed returned to the linearity that it used to have with one each week being a 13th of the quarter roughly, have you seen that within the October quarter?
Carl Bass: I don't think that it ever really was perfectly 13th, but we've always shown those charts, we'll show them to you again. I think the linearity is much more similar to how it has been in the past albeit at reduced levels. One of the things that we thought important was not to do anything unusual at the end of the quarters. It's a discipline we put into place probably four or five years ago and we want to maintain that discipline. So, given the nature of our business, we can influence the shape of that curve particularly at the end of the quarter. We've chosen not to do that. We will continue not to do that, and so I think you'll see linearity that's very similar.
Mark Hawkins: To reinforce Carl's point, in addition to that, even our weeks of inventory in the channel is down sequentially and is below three weeks. So it just reinforces Carl's point. It's a healthy sign.
Operator: This concludes the question-and-answer session of today's conference. I'd like to turn the call back to Mr. Dave Gennarelli for closing comments.
Dave Gennarelli: As a reminder, we will be at three conferences this quarter, the NASDAQ OMX Investor Program in London on December 1, the Credit Suisse Technology Conference in Phoenix on December 3 and the Barclays Capital Global Tech Conference in San Francisco on December 8. We're also hosting our Annual Users Event Autodesk University in Las Vegas December 1 to December 3. So, thanks for joining us today. If you have follow-up questions, you can reach me at 415-507-6733.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2010 Q2  (2009-08-13 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Gennarelli - Director of Investor Relations  Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Mark J. Hawkins - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President
Analysts: Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird  Keith White - Morgan Stanley Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities  Analyst for Ross MacMillan - Jefferies Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch  Israel Hernandez - Barclays Capital Analyst for Richard Davis - Needham & Company Sasa Zorovic - Janney Montgomery Scott Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan Blair Abernethy - Thomas Weisel Partners  Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the second quarter 2010 Autodesk Incorporated earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dave Gennarelli, Director, Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir. 
David Gennarelli: Thanks, Operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss our second quarter of fiscal 2010. With me today are Carl Bass, our Chief Executive Officer; and Mark Hawkins, our CFO.  Today’s conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at Autodesk.com/investor.  As noted in our press release, we have published our prepared remarks on our website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to serve in place of extended formal comments and we will not repeat them on this call.  During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the future performance of the company, our guidance for the third quarter fiscal 2010, the factors we used to estimate our guidance, our future business prospects and financial results, our market opportunities and strategies, trends for our products and trends in various geographies, and the anticipated benefits of acquisitions.  We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time to time with the SEC, specifically our Form 10-K for fiscal 2009, our Form 10-Q for the first quarter of fiscal 2010, and our periodic 8-K filings, including the 8-K filed with today’s press release and prepared remarks.  These documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements.  Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information.  Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements.  We will provide guidance on today’s call but will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum.  During the call, we will also discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP is provided in today’s press release and prepared remarks on our website. And now I would like to turn the call over to Carl Bass. 
Carl Bass: Thank you. Good afternoon, everybody. We received great feedback on our new process of posting the prepared remarks with our press release, so like last quarter I am just going to say a few quick comments on the quarter and then we’ll jump into Q&A.  Let me start with the economy, because I know that’s the first thing you will want to talk about.  We have all seen the decidedly mixed U.S. economic reports that have been published recently. Some are simply less bad relative to expectations, so I think it’s unclear that a sustainable global recovery is underway. That said, relative to what we experienced late last year and early this year, our business was less volatile as we exited the second quarter. The environment is still challenging but it feels like global demand for our products is showing signs of stabilizing.  Revenue in the quarter was consistent with our expectations at $415 million, which was a decrease of just 3% sequentially. Within total revenue, it was encouraging that we delivered sequential revenue growth in several parts of our business, including emerging economies, manufacturing, Asia-Pacific, model-based 3D design solutions, 3D animation software, and government sales.  We also made strong progress reducing costs. Through our restructuring activities, we have significantly reduced operating expenses. Everyone at Autodesk has really embraced these saving initiatives. Last quarter we said that our goal was to reduce our pretax spend by $250 million year over year. However, based upon the success we’ve had in reducing costs the first half of the fiscal year, we now anticipate reaching nearly $300 million in pretax cost-savings in fiscal 2010 versus fiscal 2009. Of course we’ll continue to examine our business on an ongoing basis for more ways to improve our long-term efficiency.  You should keep in mind that while the vast majority of the anticipated savings or costs that have been eliminated, there is a component we would classify as cost suppression. These costs would naturally come back in fiscal ’11 and beyond, and relate to such things as payroll, employee incentives, travel and entertainment, and mandatory vacations, among other things.  Even with some of these costs coming back in fiscal ’11, we have made substantial reductions in our cost base and improved our efficiency. So it feels like business is regaining some stability and our business visibility has improved. The caveat is that our business has been reset at a lower level, so whether this economic cycle is going to be U-shaped or L-shaped or any letter or number or hieroglyphic, our financial condition is solid with over $1 billion in cash and no debt. We are going into the third quarter confident that Autodesk is well-positioned for the market’s eventual recovery.  Operator, we’d now like to open the call up for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Steve Ashley with Robert Baird. Please proceed. 
Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird: My question is about maintenance revenue. I see that deferred maintenance revenue declined a little bit sequentially for the second quarter and I wonder what the prospects are for maintenance revenue. Maybe you can talk about that on a sequential basis. Is it possible we could see that cascade down a little bit in the future quarters? Thanks. 
Mark J. Hawkins: As far as the maintenance revenue, Steve, this is Mark -- yeah, that is possible. I think you could potentially see that. I think the driving factor with the maintenance revenue has to do with the number of people in seats, basically. People see a lot of value in our maintenance offering -- it’s just that you have to be in a seat to see that value, so I think that is possible.  
Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird: Great. And if we look at R&D, it’s 24% of revenue. You’ve talked about the business being reset. Is that a level -- expense level that you are comfortable with going forward?
Mark J. Hawkins: I think from a -- let’s look at this way, Steve -- obviously there was a reset in the marketplace in general from a revenue standpoint. When we look at our R&D, we have a good level of investment today. We are planning for the future and as far as the ratio, we’ll be thinking about it in terms of our long-term model over time. 
Carl Bass: I think if you looked at every one of our ratios, I don’t think any of them are acceptable -- I mean, unless we were to believe that long-term operating margins should be in the teens, every one of the ratios is off. So I think R&D is off, I think G&A is off, sales and marketing are way off. 
Mark J. Hawkins: So we’ll be driving to a long-term model over time and Carl’s called that out before to get to a higher level of operating margin and the key thing is over time. 
Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird: Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Keith White with Morgan Stanley.
Keith White - Morgan Stanley: Thank you for taking my question. I was wondering if you could help us perhaps try to quantify those costs that are suppression costs versus what is actually a reduction in the cost base?
Mark J. Hawkins: So Keith, the way I think about this is, as Carl called out, nearly $300 million year-on-year savings. Of that, if you think about it from like an 80-20 approach, the 80% is really structural costs that are gone and kind of figuratively speaking but there is some that will snap back with the release of cost suppression. You know, things like sabbaticals and things of that nature but if you think about the big end of the wedge, the 80% is structurally gone. That 80-20 rule would be a good way to apply [inaudible] at $300 million. 
Keith White - Morgan Stanley: Got it, and if I could follow-up -- I mean, you guys had a really nice job at taking expenses out of the business. And your run-rates in R&D and sales and marketing are definitely much lower than they had been -- particularly on the R&D side, can you talk to us about perhaps what are some of the programs that got sidelined or sort of put off to the side in order to achieve those kinds of cost-savings?
Carl Bass: I think one of the things we did when we looked at our portfolio, I think rather than sidelining things, I think there were a number of projects that we decided that we would bring to market more slowly, so I think that -- that was the way we went about it.  I think one of the tendencies during a downturn is to get rid of your new initiatives -- companies sometimes reflexively do that and I think it is the wrong answer. And we carefully worked to make sure that the new initiatives that we thought they were promising were actually funded and some of the things that were more mature products, which we were going at a certain rate -- just imagine slowing those down.  I think along with that, there were a handful of projects that we didn’t think they would actually bear fruit in any reasonable timeframe, and so I think down economies make it easy to make those decisions, so I think there was some projects that we killed but we were very careful to make sure that we had a balanced portfolio coming out of this and that our mature products generate lots of the revenue and lots of the profit, we’re still being funded at good levels, as well as some of the newer initiatives. 
Keith White - Morgan Stanley: So when you slow down a project, does that mean you just put less people on it?
Carl Bass: Yeah, so what it means is -- yeah, it means you have less people working on it, is the simplest way to do that. 
Keith White - Morgan Stanley: Excellent. Thank you very much, guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brendan Barnicle with Pacific Crest Securities.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Thanks so much. Mark, I wanted to just follow-up on a question about the maintenance revenues decline. We saw the year-on-year decline in billings, sequential decline in billings and I think those are about the same numbers that we saw last quarter, so we’ve seen six months of the decline so we haven’t seen any decline in the revenue there yet. How long is that lag? I mean, is that something we should start to expect to see an impact next quarter and then it will roll over the next 12 months or -- can you give us a little more color on how those two correlate?
Mark J. Hawkins: Sure, Brendan. You’re right -- in terms of the maintenance billings, they were down 11% year-on-year compared to 14% in the prior quarter so directionally, a similar dynamic. In terms of the maintenance revenue, as you know, the revenue that we have on maintenance is ratably recognized over a 12 month period for prior billings, if you will, so there is a lag effect.  We don’t give guidance on specific line items, if you will, but you can anticipate there will be a lag effect over time. There’s a 12-month dynamic that goes on there, so -- 
Carl Bass: The vast majority of our subscription contracts are for 12 months. We have some longer ones but it’s not a material amount. 
Mark J. Hawkins: Exactly. 
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: I guess another way to ask that is I think you’ve only give us this billings number the last two quarters, so were billings down year over year in quarters prior to this past six months?
Mark J. Hawkins: So prior to the last six months, billings in Q4 were down, yes, that’s correct. 
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay, and Q3 last year? 
Mark J. Hawkins: They were not. 
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay, great. That’s helpful. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross MacMillan with Jefferies & Company. 
Analyst for Ross MacMillan - Jefferies: This is Horacio for Ross, thanks. I guess I wanted to focus a bit on the license line, in terms of what we are seeing there, a little bit less of a moderated decline on a quarter over quarter basis. As you guys look to the back half of the year, are you still thinking that you will see some sort of typical seasonality into Q4, which has traditionally been up from Q3?
Carl Bass: You know, I think this year, a lot depends on what the overall economy is doing. I think we are seeing some signs of usual seasonality in all aspects of our business but I do think the greatest influence is going to just be the overall economy. So I think if things keep bumping along as they have been going, I would expect an up-tick but I think that’s all caveated by the fact of whether or not -- you know, where we really are in this economic recovery. 
Analyst for Ross MacMillan - Jefferies: Okay, and in terms of linearity, your transactional linearity in the quarter, or month to month, are you still seeing sort of an on and off strength, or is it pretty -- building consistently? And what have you seen in August?
Mark J. Hawkins: Sure, let me just speak to that -- we went and tracked our linearity over the last several years and it’s really I would say normal by month, so there’s really no new there. We looked at that within this quarter by month and no new news there to speak of, very normal. 
Analyst for Ross MacMillan - Jefferies: Okay. Thanks, guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse: Carl, I was just wondering if you would give us a feel for what you are seeing just by geography? You mentioned sort of an expectation for a lag recovery over in Europe -- do you think it’s bottoming over there and how do you think about the geographies, Asia-Pacific, EMEA, and the Americas?
Carl Bass: I think Americas has just about hit bottom. I think we are bumping along the bottom in the Americas. I think if you look at Asia-Pacific, I think there are several areas of strength and several question marks in my mind. I think Europe is decidedly mixed. I think you see places like the U.K. that seem to be a reflection of what is going on in the U.S., even if there’s a lag built in. Because you know, you guys saw news out of Germany and France was pretty good this morning. And so I think there are parts of Europe that are doing well. I think there are others that look more like the United States.  And I think what you are seeing is a recovery -- excuse me, a recovery in the emerging markets. 
Mark J. Hawkins: There’s a recovery in the emerging markets, you know, basically that you are starting to see sequentially with sequential growth from that standpoint. So I think that’s a good sign from that standpoint. But I do think Europe is the spot where it is decidedly mixed. It went into the recession later than some of the other geographies and likely will come out later. That being said in aggregate, I think you are starting to see, and we’re seeing signs of some stabilization. 
Carl Bass: Yeah, so I would agree -- my area of concern is Europe. If you were to look at the emerging economies, I think the difference between now and a year ago is there are some of the emerging economies that came out of this fairly quickly at fairly healthy rates, and I’m thinking about China, India, Brazil. I think there are ones that have more structural problems that I’ve talked about before, like Russia, that aren’t improving in the same way. And then there are ones that may have long-term structural problems, places like Dubai I’m not sure will ever recover, ever back to the levels it was at. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Dunham with Deutsche Bank.
Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank: Thank you. On the emerging markets note, part of the growth historically has been compliance initiatives but looking back the past six months, those were not -- countries were not helpful in pushing those, yet you saw a bounce this quarter. Would you characterize the bounce this quarter more as demand driven and yet -- and we’re still not seeing the willingness from countries to implement compliance initiatives?
Carl Bass: I think there’s always an element of compliance that goes on in every country around the world, including developed economies -- clearly more so in emerging markets. But I think governments are still at the stage where they are much more concerned about the economic health of the country than they are agreeing by trade packs or intellectual property agreements that go cross-border. So I didn’t think we got much help from that but obviously there’s a fraction of our business that is driven by license compliance. 
Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed. 
Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch: Thank you very much. Carl, I was wondering if you could talk to some of the leading indicators just a little bit more -- I know you mentioned the words stabilizing, visibility improved and you are confident. I was just wondering if you could talk to a little bit more about the pipeline indicators. What are some of the projects you are seeing in different geographies, be it stimulus driven or absent the stimulus that causes you to at least look like you may be [inaudible] than you did the last couple of quarters? And I have a follow-up question as well. 
Carl Bass: Sure. I think there’s a couple of things out there. I mean, all the indications of stabilization, I’m really just looking at the numbers. It’s purely numbers driven, you know, less than the anecdotal has been that the declines we’ve experienced over the last few quarters have now been moderated a number of places, I picked out places where we have seen sequential increases.  So that’s what gives me the sense of kind of this bouncing along the bottom is where we are at.  And there are a number of things that I find encouraging. On the one hand, you are seeing some of the stimulus projects but only a fraction of the stimulus money has been spent so we see infrastructure projects on a worldwide basis being invested in, although certainly we know there’s a lot more money to come there.  I think the other dynamic that we have seen that has helped us is generally speaking, we are a lower cost provider of design and engineering tools than anyone else. In really good economic times, we may not be in the consideration set. People are not willing to change. Having gone through this downturn, there’s almost no company that went back and didn’t do the kind of cost examination we did and said what can I do to come out of this structurally different with a lower cost basis, more efficiency and an ability to build better projects or products -- and that favors us.  And so when I look, we haven’t really seen the benefit economically of people selecting new tools but we have seen lots of small wins where we have pilot projects and people who have chosen our software who never were customers before or never would have considered us. And that to me is the most encouraging because I see as they come out of this, as people come up to full speed, they will ramp up with our software. 
Mark J. Hawkins: If I may add to, just to complement the points Carl made, you can see in some of our disclosed comments, the sequential growth in a number of different areas -- I won't rehash that but we also are seeing things like sell-through data sequentially growing. We are not going to get into too much detail in the various geographies but that is a data focused item that we take into consideration. Our government vertical is another example that reinforces the point Carl had talked about -- we are seeing growth there.  So I think some of those things are just adders to the points that Carl made. 
Carl Bass: Kash, the other thing is, where you started with the indicators, the place I look is we look at overall construction spend, we look at overall manufacturing spend and those are pretty good indicators of what is going on.  You know, we’ve talked about counter-bailing factors recently. I mean, the two things that are important for us are the availability of credit, where I think there’s a decidedly mixed picture out there about the availability of credit for different sized businesses and I think the second one is unemployment. You know, at a certain point, people need to go back to work in order for us to enjoy a full recovery. 
Kash Rangan - Merrill Lynch: Got it. That was actually the second part of my question, Carl -- that you’ve talked about the AEC firms have cut back employment. Are you starting to see them resume headcount additions? And even if that’s not happening, when that happens, do you think there’s a chance we might have to wait for your end demand improving? Because there’s still inventory of unused software that these folks still have based on the layoffs that they have done. I’m just wondering if you could talk about any potential lag effects at all, or maybe that’s not the case. I just wanted to get your commentary there. That’s it for me, thanks. 
Carl Bass: So the first thing I’d say is I have seen hiring back in manufacturing firms. Some of them made drastic reductions early on. I have seen improvements in manufacturing firms. I have seen less so in AEC firms, although there are some standout companies that have come back to life faster who are reporting really good earnings and the pipelines are pretty full. But I would say I’ve seen more of a recovery in terms of jobs in manufacturing than AEC.  I think when you think about the dynamics of people coming back, I think there are a number of things that play into it. Generally speaking, our sales cycle is short and I would expect as people come back, one of the things you will see, you will see a PC cycle. With the PC cycle, people will be buying new software. I don’t expect people to try to kind of recycle much or take much off the shelf. I think some of the things we’ve already seen in a decline in new seat sales and subscription renewals means that there’s not much sitting on the shelf. 
Mark J. Hawkins: The other thing to keep in mind is our channel is down a bit, so that’s -- that’s another way to think about things as well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Israel Hernandez with Barclays Capital.
Israel Hernandez - Barclays Capital: Just a question here on the competitive environment -- are you seeing any change among the major vendors here of your competitors in terms of how they do business as they try to get down and dirty here to compete with fewer deals?  And Carl, last quarter you talked about you are starting to see some benefit from vendor consolidation as some of the larger customers begin to choose fewer vendors. Can you just talk about some of those trends again this quarter?
Carl Bass: Yeah, so I would say not dramatic changes in competition. I think the behavior out there is the same. I don’t think anyone has been particularly opportunistic nor has anyone behaved particularly stupidly. I think people are working their way through the downturn.  I think the one thing I already pointed out was I think there are places where we are advantaged just by where we are in the market -- you know, generally speaking we have newer offerings, lower priced offerings, more complete offerings and I think that’s helped us in a number of cases. So that’s really kind of the big change that I see.  But other than that, I see some competitive swap-outs. I think there’s going to continue to be vendor consolidation as long as there are cost pressures. That’s a natural thing that happens in every downturn and I see it somewhat amongst some of the large players where our big customers are going from three vendors down to two, and I certainly see consolidating on a single vendor in some of our smaller customers. And generally speaking, I think we are winning our fair share of those. 
Israel Hernandez - Barclays Capital: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Davis with Needham & Company.
Analyst for Richard Davis - Needham & Company: It’s actually D.J. for Richard. Carl, I was wondering if you had any commentary around direct versus channel sales -- I know last quarter you were pleased with direct sales performance so any additional color there? And then the second question would be, and you touched on it a little bit earlier about new customers coming and signing on for smaller pilots, so instead of 20 seats, maybe taking on five seats. Have you seen any traction in up-sales there? You know, customers coming back for larger deployments or is it still a little too early on that front?
Carl Bass: So just for variety, last quarter we were thrilled with direct and less thrilled with indirect. This quarter we are thrilled with channel and less thrilled with direct. It may be too short a sample time to know, so overall I don’t see a big shift in our business but these two quarters were decidedly different in that our channel business did much better this quarter relative to last, and our direct business did proportionally worse.  In terms of new customers, no, I think we are still seeing more of those seatings, more of the small deals. People aren’t coming back yet. Like I said, I’m seeing inklings of increased employment of manufacturing. I think it’s too early to take stuff to the bank. And I still think depending on the industry, there’s still a lot of people that don’t have availability of credit or are still anxious out there so I don’t want to be ringing the bells saying the recovery is over here. I think there’s still a lot of hard work to go out there.  What is true is visibility is better, you know, as we saw, we came well within our guidance range. We were able to see that. Six to nine months ago, that just wasn’t the case. We like many other companies didn’t really know where the bottom is and I think this is a very different environment and it just makes running a business and planning for it that much easier. 
Analyst for Richard Davis - Needham & Company: Got it. Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sasa Zorovic with Janney Montgomery.
Sasa Zorovic - Janney Montgomery Scott: Thank you. So my question would be specifically regarding the language you used in your prepared remarks regarding the business being less volatile -- so what do you really mean by that? I mean, specifically I want to refer to that -- to what used to indicate your business as being very linear. Is the business very -- not really linear through the quarter anymore? What specifically do you mean actually with that volatile?
Carl Bass: I think volatile translates to like explosive, and what I would say is what happened in September to me seemed explosive and it was truly non-linear, that if you were to look at our -- you know our famous graphs we’ve shown year after year. That really isn’t linear. Something happened in the middle of September of last year that made it non-linear. It just fell off the cliff.  We are now back to linear at a reduced level. That’s exactly what I mean by it -- that’s why Mark talked about the seasonality there, about the linearity through the quarter. Business is being transacted on a normal basis, albeit right now at a lower level than it was at the same period 12 months ago. 
Sasa Zorovic - Janney Montgomery Scott: And then my follow-up would be specifically kind of maybe the continuation of your competitive question previously -- I guess [inaudible] for the downturns I guess that you can sort of -- it’s too good of an opportunity to waste really, so you are obviously doing a great job with costs and cutting those but competitively really, how can you -- what are some of the things that you are taking advantage of so that once the business does start to -- you truly roar to growth better than your competitors?
Carl Bass:  I think there’s all kinds of things. It’s across the board. There’s almost every part of the business where there’s something to do. So if you were to start with products, we believe we have the best and most complete product portfolio. We are continuing to develop that. We are continuing to expand that. We have new product offerings, we have new ways of bringing products to market. We are doing that.  As we talked about the cost cutting, some of the cost cutting is merely cutting costs and some of it on a temporary basis as we talked about but some of it is about streamlining operations and making things more efficient and making them more effective. That’s great for when the economy rebounds, our ability to transact business better, more smoothly, provide a better experience to our customers and resellers in doing that, all comes about because we’ve improved both the systems and processes around doing that.  So I think we’ve taken this as an opportunity to say look, we’re going to do the best job we can selling and marketing our products during this downturn but it’s also a great opportunity to clean up the things and improve the areas of the business that were truthfully hard to pay enough attention to while we were growing so quickly.  So we’ve gone about and made a lot of changes to clean up the business, all in preparation for the upturn and in the meantime, we’ve been making sure that we do the best job we can in managing the costs through this. 
Mark J. Hawkins: And also keep in mind all the way through this cycle, we are adding to our cash balance to position to fund the business as we continue to go forward into the eventual recovery as well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with J.P. Morgan.
Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan: Thanks, guys. Actually first an administrative one -- Mark, can you give us a little color as to what happened in other income? Maybe break it down because it looks like there’s a big change sequentially there. 
Mark J. Hawkins: I sure can. We had a couple of things that were going on here, one is we had the gain on the sale of a business for our location-based services, and so think about that more in terms of a penny. We had some investments that were mark-to-market. You don’t want to plan on that every period. We picked up maybe a penny and then there were some other kind of normal activity in there, foreign exchange and what not. So there’s a couple of items in there that were special, as you might imagine.  And Q1 was unusually low too, so if you look at it from a year-on-year compare, you can see a pretty sensible kind of compare and you can understand some of these anomalies. 
Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan: Okay, so what should we be thinking about for the next quarter in terms of where your guidance is?
Mark J. Hawkins: Well again, I think you would not want to plan on [inaudible] one-off kind of things, if you will. I wouldn’t think about it that way, so I would kind of normalize for that and then make your call from that standpoint. We don’t give targets at that level but certainly I would break out those two anomalies. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Blair Abernethy with Thomas Weisel Partners.
Blair Abernethy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Thanks very much. Carl, I wonder if you can just expand for a bit for us on the government stimulus opportunity for Autodesk at this point and how are you approaching that and how can we start to see some -- when you are going to start get some benefit there?
Carl Bass: I would say the first thing you have to do, you have to look in the stimulus country by country. We’ve kind of prioritized based on what the -- first of all the size of the program. There are a bunch of countries that have really large stimulus programs. There’s a lot of other ones, so we kind of prioritize just on the magnitude.  Once you get beyond that level, you actually have to look at where they are spending the money. There are certain kinds of projects that we would benefit from stimulus spend. There’s other ones that just have absolutely nothing to do with it. So then trying to pull out which of the ones that we have an ability to play a role in.  And then beyond that, it’s a little bit more tactical in the places where we compete effectively, have the best products, possibly already have a foothold. You know, obviously the U.S. is one of the big markets where we’ve been participating. There’s others like Germany, China, the other places in the world where there are large stimulus packages. And we’ve gone around and looked.  If you look at it slightly differently, most of the money is coming in to -- the relevant part of the budgets and just to break it down, like in the United States where you have a $900 billion package, there’s probably somewhere north of 100 but less than $200 billion that’s applicable for the kind of things we do. Breaking that down, a lot of it is around infrastructure, like things like roads, highways, bridges, and then there’s a fair amount and a little bit less visible around buildings -- you know, government facilities, army bases, and then things like airports and other big projects.  Those are the places that we are looking and we’ve taken an approach that is somewhat different than we have in the past because I think in many of these stimulus packages, the government is not going to directly spend this money. And so a lot of it is how you go about influencing the policy of the government in terms of doing it.  Now our most effective thing in most of these places, and certainly in places like the U.S., is trying to ensure that the government officials feel like they are getting the best for the money they have spent. There’s a lot of public scrutiny about all this, regardless of how you feel politically about it. There’s a tremendous amount of public scrutiny and our whole angle with government officials is making sure that if you want to build 21st century infrastructure that you use 21st century technology to design it. And that’s really the goal, and it’s very effective in trying to convince government officials that they need to put policies and specifications in place that make sure they use the latest and most up to date engineering tools. 
Blair Abernethy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, great, thank you and just Mark, a question for you -- on the maintenance renewals, do you have a -- can you give us a little more granularity in terms of what sort of patterns you’ve been seeing and sort of what product lines or what verticals might be fairing better than others?
Mark J. Hawkins: I don’t know that I would distinguish from that standpoint, Blair, between the ones that are doing better than others. I think the bigger, broader pattern really for the maintenance activity has to do with where the seats are. If there’s a person in a seat, people like the offering, it’s a good, high value offering, we have to have a seat in there to get the renewal. Our renewal rates are pretty stable across most of the geographies, pretty stable across most of the businesses and I think the bigger sound byte is seats, basically people in the seat. Hopefully that helps. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Michael Olson with Piper Jaffray. 
Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray: Thanks. Sorry about the background noise here. So again, just beating a dead horse on the OpEx, you know, with [certain expenses] kind of being in the category of out of the business more permanently and others likely to come back with demand rebound, if we see revenue growth in fiscal ’11, will we also see OpEx growth year over year next year? How should we interpret the comments you made that we can see some expenses coming back into the model with the rebound? Thanks. 
Mark J. Hawkins: First of all, Mike, we’re not giving guidance for next year and so -- I totally understand your line of questions but I just want to be clear on that.  I really think the best way to think about this is that if you think about $300 million year-on-year, you’ve got a clean view of our view of the finish for FY10 compared to FY09. If you think about applying the 80-20 principal, you know that 80% of that -- I’m just talking directionally as a concept, is structural costs that’s gone, right? And then there’s some suppression cost pressures that we’ll deal with. Again, we’re not at that stage -- we’ll approach that stage at some point but we are not at that stage where we are going to get projections.  One thing you should keep in mind though is we are going to make the strategic investments we need to grow the business long-term but we are going to be relentless on costs that are discretionary and not related to driving the channel, the sales, and new product generation.  So Carl, I don’t know if there’s further -- 
Carl Bass: No, I mean, maybe Mike, one way to think about is there’s some suppressed costs, so for example, asking people to take salary cuts -- as soon as we feel it’s prudent, we’d like to restore salaries to the prior levels. That’s a cost that will come back in the business. We haven’t said when we will do that. It could be later this year, it could be next year but that cost will come back in the business and that’s the costs that were there.  There’s a second cost that if you were to model in the out years, there’s some amount of costs that come back with increased revenue -- things like commissions and bonuses. And then there’s a third category that you think about which is places where we would make investments. We haven’t talked about any of that because like we said at the very beginning of the call, we still think a bunch of the ratios are out of whack, so you won't be seeing us doing any of that for a while.  And finally, there’s a bunch of costs that are just gone and hopefully forever. 
Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray: All right. Thanks a lot. 
Carl Bass: Maybe that categorization helps. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with J.P. Morgan.
Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan: I thought I would reload -- Carl, you answered this but I wanted to ask it this way -- again, looking at a lot of the language that you talked about in terms of the business feels better than it did at the end of last year, beginning of this year -- and some of the other terms that you used, if that’s the case, why is the midpoint of the guidance range for next quarter actually showing a sequential decline?
Carl Bass: I think we just looked at a number of factors and we said given all the factors out there, that’s where we felt comfortable. 
Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan: Okay, and then the follow-up question is actually for Mark -- in terms of the expense savings, the extra expense savings would get you to $300 million lower than where you were last year. How should we think about that savings being split between the third and the fourth quarter, because I could make a case for the $0.18 to $0.23 looking actually a little low, unless more of the expense savings was actually back-end loaded to the fourth quarter?
Mark J. Hawkins: Sterling, it’s a good question -- I don’t want to -- first of all, we don’t usually give OpEx guidance per se. We’re just kind of doing the year-on-year to kind of give you guys a refresh, an update.  I think the one thing that might help you a little bit is to think about that historically there is some seasonality in Q4 naturally of having spending being a bit higher than Q3 and that’s a natural progression in our business. And so that is something that you should at least keep in mind and be aware of. But hopefully that gives you a little bit of color there. 
Operator: With no further questions in the queue, I would now like to turn the call back over to Mr. Dave Gennarelli, Director, Investor Relations, for closing remarks. Please proceed, sir. 
David Gennarelli: That concludes our call today. Thanks for joining us. If you have any further questions, you can reach me at 415-507-6033. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a great day.

===== 2010 Q1  (2009-05-21 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Gennarelli - Director of Investor Relations  Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Mark J. Hawkins - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President
Analysts: Ross MacMillan - Jefferies Heather Bellini - UBS Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray Blair Abernethy - Thomas Weisel Partners  Steven Koenig - Keybanc Capital Markets Richard Davis - Needham & Company Brent Thill - Citigroup Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse Jack Miller - Robert W. Baird  Israel Hernandez - Barclays Capital Keith White - Morgan Stanley Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan Dan Cummings - Lime Rock 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the first quarter fiscal 2010 Autodesk Incorporated earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Mr. Dave Gennarelli. Please proceed, sir. 
David Gennarelli: Thanks, Operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss our first quarter fiscal 2010. With me today are Carl Bass, our Chief Executive Officer; Mark Hawkins, our CFO; and Sue Pirri, Vice President of Finance.  Today’s conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at Autodesk.com/investor.  As noted in our press release, we have published our prepared remarks on our website in advance of this call. Those remarks are intended to replace extended formal comments and we will not repeat them on this call.  During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the future performance of the company, such as our guidance for second quarter of fiscal 2010, the factors we used to estimate our guidance, our future business prospects and financial results, our market opportunities and strategies, trends for our products and trends in various geographies, and the anticipated benefits of acquisitions and cost savings initiatives.  We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time to time with the SEC, specifically our Form 10-K for fiscal year 2009 and our periodic 8-K filings, including the 8-K filed with today’s press release and prepared remarks. These documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements.  Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements.  We will provide guidance on today’s call but will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum.  During the call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of the GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today’s press release and prepared remarks, and on our website at Autodesk.com/investors. And now I would like to turn the call over to Carl Bass. 
Carl Bass: Thank you. Good afternoon, everybody. We are going to try a new format for the earnings process this quarter that we hope works for you. The intent is to give you a detailed review of the quarter in prepared remarks that we will post on our IR website. You will, however, miss out on my dramatic reading of the script but we hope that this approach provides you with more time to review the information and allows us to spend the time more wisely really doing question-and-answers.  But before taking questions, I just want to emphasize a few points from the prepared remarks. I think the main question that people continue to want to know is about the health of the global economy and whether we are seeing stabilization. And I think just as you think that particular regions and economies entered the recession at different times, it stands to reason that certain economies will recover before others come out of them.  You know, from our point of view, the global markets are still in decline and I would say we are not seeing the same level of decline we previously see but we are also not seeing signs to lead us to believe that a recovery is imminent.  With the global economy so vastly different than it was at this time last year, I think year-over-year comparisons have become less meaningful, while sequential variations provide a better indicator of how our business is trending, and we are going to provide both where appropriate.  Our revenue in the first quarter was $426 million, a decline of 29% year over year and 13% sequentially. Our non-GAAP earnings came in better than expected at $0.18 per share as we made significant progress in our expense reduction efforts.  As generally expected, the international geographies declined more than the Americas and it was not surprising that revenue from the emerging economies declined much more sharply than that of developed countries.  While all of our major product categories posted year-over-year declines, revenue from our model-based 3D solutions did better than our 2D products. 2D is being hit hard as job losses continue and customers are cutting back on the total number of seats purchased.  On the other hand, customers see the advantage that our 3D solutions provide and they are focusing their spending on upgrading the design and engineering capabilities. The value proposition of our 3D products is resonating stronger as customers seek to increase their competitive advantage in a cost-effective way.  Relative bright spots for the quarter were the continued strength of our direct sales as compared to our channel business. In addition, our sales to government agencies grew, as many countries are focusing on stimulus spending. Shortly after our first expense reduction in January, it became evident that we had more work to do to take additional costs out of our structure. Today we announced a plan that will save approximately $120 million in operating expenses in FY10. We originally announced this plan at our investor day in April and it is in addition to the restructuring we announced in January. So combined, we expect these two initiatives to reduce our OpEx by approximately $250 million this year as compared to fiscal 2009.  These expense reduction actions are really aimed at improving our efficiency now and over the long-term.  I am also pleased to have Mark Hawkins here as our new CFO. Mark has been on board for less than a month but is quickly coming up to speed and will be taking your questions along with me. Mark has great financial and operational experience and we look forward to all of his contributions.  Lastly, I would like to thank Sue Pirri, who did a great job leading our finance organization during the search, as well as the rest of the finance team.  So with that, I will ask the Operator to open up the call for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes from the line of Ross MacMillan with Jefferies.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies: Thanks a lot. So maybe the first one on the cost side, you are outputting costs this quarter at $326 million non-GAAP. That’s down about $46 million from last quarter, so annualize that, $184 million of annualized savings. So assuming that’s just really the first riff, the one that you explicitly laid out on January 15th, that looks like it’s running well ahead of plan. Can you just talk to that? Because it seems to be a much deeper cut, if you will, in round one. Thanks. 
Carl Bass: Ross, I think there were a number of things here and it’s hard to parse specifically. We started cost-cutting actions some time last year, towards the end of last year. They layer in at all kinds of different rates and so just taking one snapshot, one quarter over another and extrapolating out from there doesn’t actually get you quite to the right map.  I would say, however, one of the things that we did do in the first quarter is way beyond headcount reductions -- we dug into other expenses where we thought there was more opportunity to make cuts and we continued to do that. So some of it is purely related to headcount but there were a number of other cuts that are layered in there. 
Mark J. Hawkins: Just to echo on to Carl’s point, I think, Ross, the best way to think about it is the number he called out, $250 million year-on-year, is a pretty clean way to think about it in terms of comparing it to the actual for ’09.  I think the other thing to think about is if that OpEx, you are going to see the benefit in Q2, largely in Q2 going forward, so just go ahead and apply your seasonality accordingly but that’s what you should expect. 
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies: So just to be clear, that $250 million is really just a headcount reduction and any other discretionary cost-savings or other that you would get on top of that could lead to incremental cost-savings, fiscal ’11 versus fiscal ’09?
Carl Bass: No, Ross -- this is a combination of all kinds of expense reductions that are in there together. 
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies: Okay, that’s -- 
Carl Bass: -- all the actions and as Mark said, the cleanest way to think about it is year over year, 250. 
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies: That sounds fair. But that $250 million, that’s a fiscal ’11 number, right?
Mark J. Hawkins: The $250 million -- 
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies: Or fiscal ’10, I beg your pardon. 
Mark J. Hawkins: -- compare FY -- well, when you think about FY09, you look at the actual, you take $250 million out, and that’s what you should land at in FY10 in terms of the OpEx reduction. 
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies: Perfect. One other one, just on the revenue side, just on the maintenance line, I think we’ve had a couple of quarters now of negative maintenance billings but that line item seems to be declining -- in fact, it was up sequentially so really not that much change from last quarter. How should we think about the progression of that? Do you feel like that’s stabilizing around these levels, that we’ve seen that now for a couple of quarters?
Mark J. Hawkins: A couple of things here -- one is you know what’s driving the maintenance billings, basically, Ross, from that standpoint, which is fundamentally the number of seats that are in place and also the renewal rates, and hence that’s a real driver of what’s actually happening here. And so you can see that that rate of growth has declined in terms of the year-on-year growth from that standpoint. So in terms of going forward, we’re not really giving guidance per line item going forward, if you will, but I think it’s important to look at that trend and watch what’s been happening to the velocity year-on-year and understanding the underlying drivers.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with UBS. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: I had a question for you around your revenue guidance range -- you guided 395 to 420, which is a tighter range, being $25 million versus the $40 million range you’ve guided to over the last few quarters.  I was wondering if we should take this as does this imply that your visibility is better than the last few quarters? And then from a geographic standpoint, I was wondering how should we -- should we be expecting now -- do you think we are going to get back to stability in the July quarter for the Americas, meaning revenue could be flat? But do you still see the rate of change decelerating in Asia-Pac and EMEA? Thank you. 
Carl Bass: Sure, Heather. The first thing I would say is I would take the narrower range as an indicator that visibility is better, but it’s less than perfect. So I think we -- you know, at these lower levels, we have more confidence with this and as I kind of mentioned in the opening remarks, we see the rate of deceleration slowing and so I think we have more confidence and that’s why we went out with the range that we did.  I think in terms of geo-stability, I mean, the first thing about North America is clearly slowing down in deterioration may even be bottoming in North America. We’re not really sure yet what’s going on. In some ways, that’s the $200 million question for us. I mean, my nervousness is clearly more outside of North America these days than it was let’s say in the last few quarters, where we experienced the greatest declines in North America.  You know, I am worried about Western Europe and differentially -- I mean, I think the U.K. is much closer mirroring what’s going on in the U.S. economy. I think we’ve seen places like Germany and France hold up pretty well in our numbers but I have some concern, and I think Asia is kind of mixed. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Okay. And should we be expecting -- is there -- you’ve taken a lot of cost out of the business and obviously you are ahead of plan on the cost side in terms of taking it out. Is there more that we should expect as we look out over the course of the next 12 to 18 months if you get to a point where revenue just gets to a stable ground and it’s neither declining nor growing? Would you still be looking then to take more costs out? Or after these costs cuts, is it really going to be all about revenue growth to get your margins higher?
Carl Bass: I think the primary focus, kind of one, two, and three is going to be revenue generation and how to stimulate demand in this environment, you know, and chasing the deals that are actually out there.  What I would say is on the cost cutting side, if it stabilized at these levels, I would imagine possibly some cost savings but not through things like headcount reduction. I think, you know, one of the things is when you kind of turn the magnifying glass inward and start looking at all the places where you think there’s opportunities to save, you turn up more than you ever expected and I think that’s no doubt true here. And I think with the addition of Mark, I think we will have someone who can full-time focus on some of the cost-cutting.
Mark J. Hawkins: Absolutely. I will be heavily looking at just ways to be more efficient, looking at things end-to-end and just ways to continue to help us be stronger as we go through the recession and come out of it at some point. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Olson with Piper Jaffray.
Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray: Good afternoon -- just a couple of quick ones here; gross margin, down 200 basis points quarter over quarter. I think you mentioned in the script it was somewhat seasonal so do you expect gross margin will bounce back to over 90% in Q2?
Mark J. Hawkins: I think you will see some bounce-back here, Mike. I am not going get real specific there but certainly we have some seasonality as it relates to annual releases and such but I think you could see some bounce-back. 
Carl Bass: I think one of the problems with gross margins in this quarter is that we ship all the new products out, including those that are on subscription and so the costs go up. That’s what drives the seasonality. 
Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray: Okay, that makes sense. And then can you talk about the change in upgrade pricing that’s going to hit in March next year where you are basically moving away from tiered upgrade pricing? I assume the drive behind it is really to push customers to subscription but can you just kind of elaborate on that and talk about maybe what response from customers has been?
Carl Bass: Sure -- a couple of things. One thing that’s going on is we’ve certainly been doing a number of policy changes over the last half-dozen years to encourage our customers to be on subscription and we’ve outlined numerous times we think the benefits both to us and to the customers of being on subscription.  The second thing about subscription, or about upgrades, is they become a much less meaningful part of the business as planned. And we’ve kind of mapped out for you over the years how we thought that would decline and that in contrast, we hope subscription would rise even at a greater rate than our upgrades declined, and that in fact is exactly what’s played out.  So now that we have only a handful of people who are doing the historical buy a product and upgrade at some point in the future, we are really looking for simplification, along with an encouragement to move to subscription. I hope that makes sense. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Blair Abernethy with Thomas Weisel Partners.
Blair Abernethy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Thank you. If we can just go back for a minute on the subscription business, Carl, I wonder if you could talk to how that business actually is performing in this environment, i.e. with the new customers -- are you seeing more of a shift towards subscription from the perpetual? And also on the existing book of business, what are the renewal rates like on the subscription?
Carl Bass: I would say what we are seeing our rates, the attach rates and new licenses being similar to what we have seen historically. The big issue for us in some of the declines we are seeing come from the fact that new license sales are down. So it’s the volume of new license sales, not the rate at which customers are choosing to attach to subscription.  I think when you look at renewal, and we never gave specific numbers, but I think you -- we are seeing a decline in our renewals. A lot of it is just tied to -- unlike other companies whose subscription or maintenance programs are tied to the enterprise, ours is tied to the number of seats and with less engineers, architects, and designers working at certain firms, they are not seeing the need to upgrade 100%, so we have a fair number of renewals in which it looks like it’s less than 100 but that’s just because 100 engineers have become 90 engineers or 80 engineers during the downturn. 
Blair Abernethy - Thomas Weisel Partners: Okay, great. And in your prepared remarks, you talked about a large transaction in the quarter. I’m just wondering if you can shed some more color on that and how much of that might have been booked in the quarter?
Carl Bass: It was a very large transaction -- it was the largest, actually, in our history but it was actually -- it was a five-year deal and I think about it, a couple of things that were important to me were really just the strategic nature of it -- it was very large, multi-disciplinary firm committing over a five-year timeframe to our technology because they saw the advantage. I mean, it’s nice to have the biggest deal.  Two other things -- we never really want to break out the bookings on that on a specific deal basis and as you know, our deals are not really much -- no single deal is a large part of our overall revenue. It’s unusual for us to have even a single year in a deal be half a percent of revenue. I mean, these are relatively small but there was a more thematic thing that I think comes out of this, which I also had in the prepared remarks, that we have seen places where we are dealing directly with the customers. So our major accounts and the major accounts at our reseller partners -- those have held up better than our more transactional business. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steven Koenig with Keybanc Capital Markets.
Steven Koenig - Keybanc Capital Markets: I would wonder about the commentary on direct versus indirect. I understand that you don’t break out the specific revenues from certain deals but if you don’t consider the large enterprise deal, did direct grow or just not decline as much as indirect? You know, any sort of commentary or metrics there would be helpful. And secondly, I would like to -- I do have a follow-up about your channel. 
Carl Bass: Okay. I’ll do some math, why don’t you ask the follow-up?
Steven Koenig - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay. In the channel, as we’ve talked to the channel partners, we’ve heard complaints that there’s increased competition between channel partners for maintenance renewals. I am wondering if this is something that you have seen historically and/or is it something that you are concerned about in terms of maintaining the health of channel partners? And related to that question, I am wondering what kind of qualitative commentary can you give about the general state of your channel ecosystem in terms of number of partners or the general health of that channel as we move sequentially through the quarters here into this recession?
Carl Bass: Okay, so what I would say is I never like to see it when there’s huge amounts of competition between our channel partners in a negative kind of way. I mean, our channel partners are independent businesses and they are out there to compete and do the best they can every day but when their attention turns solely to competing with other channel partners, that’s obviously unproductive.  I would say times of scarce resources, you see it inside a company, you see it outside and as deals have become scarcer, I am sure there’s more competition going on out there.  As regards to the overall health of our channel, I mean, just as it’s hard on our business, it’s got to be hard on our channel partners. However, many of our channel partners have been with us a long time, many of them are quite entrepreneurial and quite resilient and the thing that I have been most impressed with is how innovative they have been during this downturn and it’s got to be a difficult me for them but many of them are finding ways to get through it. You know, I had one channel partner in particular said to me the other day you know, I’ve been a channel partner for more than 20 years. I’ve been here through good cycles and bad cycles, through when the economy was great, when the economy was terrible, when you had good products, when you had bad products, and we’ve made it through -- we’ll make it through this one. And I think there’s a sense of that amongst a lot of our channel partners. They are scrambling, they are doing things differently than they otherwise would have done, or might have designed it, but I think they will make it through. 
Mark J. Hawkins: All right, just one follow-up, Steve -- we don’t historically disclose the exact percentages but let me just give you a sense of direction. First of all, we have some big deals in every period, so it’s kind of hard to back one out and not back others out, but I think probably just to give you a sense of direction, our direct year-on-year is showing some growth compared to the overall statistics of the revenue for the company, so hopefully that gives you a directional flavor. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Richard Davis with Needham & Company.
Richard Davis - Needham & Company: Thanks, and thanks for doing the call this way, too -- a question for you; I doubt if this is a big deal for you but I need to ask it, so a lot of companies have said hey, we’re not canceling our maintenance because we don’t want to pay the up-front again to the full bore, even a discounted bore, because we think we are going to hire these guys back. Can you tell, is there any sense and is it meaningful or material for you guys if there’s a bunch of seats that are out there that are not used by people but people are paying for, and the reason is is obviously when the recovery comes, trying to gauge how fast you fill that up. So that’s the question I have. 
Carl Bass: Well, I’m glad you like the format, Richard. I’m kind of missing out on that reading part. And now we’ve got that up-front disclosure taking the majority of the time, so we have shifted the responsibility.  You know, it’s not -- we don’t have perfect knowledge of what actually gets put into production but I would also say compared to some of the other companies I am sure you talk to in the more enterprise like companies, they have more punitive pricing policies than we do. Ours, it’s not as obvious that if you don’t have people in their seats that you won’t want to renew. Maybe said more straightforwardly, people are actually taking seats off maintenance if they don’t have people in the chairs doing work, and that seams to make economic sense for them. I can’t tell that that’s perfectly so but we are seeing more of that. And I think we are seeing less of the other phenomena, where people are just going along for the ride. I think particularly given the severity of the downturn, and we certainly parts of our installed base that have 30%, 40% drop in employees. They are just not putting in for insurance. They are trying to do everything they possibly can to make sure their business stays healthy. 
Richard Davis - Needham & Company: Got it -- so it sounds like you guys will be a fairly concurrent, you know, your business will be concurrent with the improvement in your demand as opposed to a lag, it would seem to me. 
Carl Bass: Yeah, I think we will be concurrent and there are a couple of facts that I think actually kind of turbo-charge it a little bit. I think there’s some built-in stuff going on -- one of the other phenomena we are seeing in addition to, you know, in addition to something like the maintenance revenue, which would be really kind of linear with the add-back of jobs.  What we are seeing is in the accounts that we keep winning deals, you know, competitive swap-outs and stuff like that, they are tending to be smaller than they were in the past, so if somebody would have done 20 seats replacing a competitive product, they are doing that same pilot and evaluation with five seats, full well knowing that you have to go 20 and from 20 to 100 but right now, they are working through it with smaller numbers.  So I am seeing a bunch of places where it feels like we are kind of putting some stuff away in the bank. 
Richard Davis - Needham & Company: Got it. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with Citigroup.
Brent Thill - Citigroup: Thanks. Carl, you mentioned the rate of the deceleration is slowing yet your guidance is still showing a quarterly deceleration. Can you just give us a sense of what you have been seeing linearity wise, you know, month by month, if you can just in terms of what trend lines you have seen? I am curious -- did the rate of deceleration happen in the first quarter or is that something that you are planning for the second quarter?
Carl Bass: I mean, the linearity in the quarter hasn’t changed substantially at all. It’s the same linearity -- it’s at a greatly reduced level but it’s the same linearity and I think what we are seeing now is -- a little bit of what we are seeing is the averaging of lots of different effects. I mean, I think you have to drill down country by country and try to give you some flavor geographically, and you have to drill down by product line or product type, and we try to give some color around product type. And what we are really measuring is the overlay of all those factors coming together.  And so I say right now, we really think business is not declining at the same rate in the U.S. but as I said before, I have concerns about what’s starting to happen in parts of Europe and what’s happening in parts of Asia, and so what we are trying to do is just guess between those two factors going on simultaneously. A more rapid decline in EMEA and parts of Asia and more stabilization in the U.S. 
Brent Thill - Citigroup: And just to clarify, I’m sorry, the Europe and Asia data points, is that something that you are seeing that was new or is this just a continuation of the trend that you are seeing?
Carl Bass: I think it’s a macroeconomic effect that you see spreading and I think in some places, it looks like parts of Western Europe -- well, the U.K. looks almost simultaneous, you know, it’s almost concurrent or months behind the U.S. Germany and France held up much longer yet you are starting to see economic indicators out of there that say things are going the other direction.  And when I look, some of the places have some of the same factors. You know, there’s some issues in the banking industry, there’s some in terms of the housing boom and bust. Others are less so, and so without practicing economics without a degree here, it’s hard to say perfectly what’s going to happen in each of those countries but certainly it’s an area of concern right now. 
Brent Thill - Citigroup: Thanks, Carl. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Greg Dunham with Deutsche Bank.
Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank: Yes, thanks for taking my question. I want to revisit the concurrent or lag effect, if and when -- I should say when there is a recovery. Given some of the policy shifts to subscription, should we expect that kind of the up-tick on a revenue standpoint for Autodesk is going to be necessarily more muted now than say three years ago when you are more license driven?
Carl Bass: You know, I think if you do the -- if you divide the math out, what you generally see historically, and even through this time, roughly speaking, about two-thirds of our revenue comes from new license and a third comes from that other category of what historically was upgrades and now is primarily subscription.  What I think you will see is a pop in the new license revenue that’s really concurrent with jobs being added back and increased optimism about the economic outlook. The part that will be slightly more muted is the subscription but it’s only a third of it and I think it will be outweighed by what goes on with what I talked about with the new seats and the number of people who have adopted new technology.  You know, and our confirmation around this new technology is why we talked a little bit about the difference between 3D and 2D. The places where we’ve seen the greatest decline in our business has been in the more traditional parts of the business. The 3D where people understand the advantages of, we continue to win business there and we continue to win a lot of competitive deals there, and that’s where I think we will see the greatest pop when the recovery comes. 
Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank: That makes sense, and one follow-up, if you’ll permit -- on that note, you mentioned areas you are investing in. What are those areas?
Carl Bass: I think we continue to make sure our channel is healthy. I think we continue to make sure that we have a broad product portfolio, so some of the moves that you saw us making before, you know, a continuation on things we are doing around analysis and simulation, or digital prototyping initiatives. We are continuing to do that.  So right now, we are at the point in the cost adjustment cycle where we are -- strategically I think we are on the right track. We are trying to get rid of those costs that really are just by-products of inefficiency, so we are just trying to get some of the friction out of the system. We are not making big decisions anymore about where we are investing and divesting. 
Mark J. Hawkins: Exactly. Again, just to kind of -- this overall theme, the investments are happening to drive top line and you can see that in all of Carl’s answer and we are trying to get efficiency everywhere else, so -- 
Carl Bass: Yeah. One of the things we thought was important as we made these cuts is to still come out of the downturn with a balanced portfolio, making sure we had investments in some of our new initiatives as well as obviously supporting our more traditional products. And I think the same thing -- we think there are areas in the world that will come out of this. You know, we gave kind of an aggregate number for emerging economies but if you were to break that down, you can see real differences among them and I think on the last call, I highlighted -- you know, I think some of the emerging economies have real structural problems and long-term problems. Other ones I think have seen a decline but I think they will pick up. You know, the second category, I see places like India, China, Brazil doing fairly well and some decline over the last year, whereas I think there are parts of the Middle East and Russia that may have more long-term structural problems. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse.
Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse: This is Dennis for Phil -- can you discuss the 2D/3D trends that you saw as it pertains to the differentiated graphics elements specifically?
Carl Bass: Yeah, I mean, there’s not a great difference in terms of the change between 2D and 3D in the different geographies. If you were to look at different geographies and you broke it down country by country, you would see differential rates of adoption of 3D over time. And so our installed base looks different country by country. But there wasn’t a big difference country by country right now. 3D continued to perform better on a worldwide basis and the most difficult were the smaller 2D transactions. 
Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse: Okay, and for Q2, what should we be expecting for a tax rate and interest income?
Mark J. Hawkins:  So for the -- as far as the tax rate is concerned, I think you can think about the 25% to 26% range, and as far as interest income, I would just look at your historical numbers and think about it that way, okay?
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird.
Jack Miller - Robert W. Baird: This is Jack Miller filling in for Steve. At your analyst day, you talked about the economy creating an opportunity for customers to re-evaluate their design vendors and in the prepared remarks you called out you are doing business with some enterprises that you haven’t before, so the question is have you seen any changes in your competitive win rates recently, or percentage of the business that’s coming from competitive displacements? And I guess with that large deal that you called out, a competitive displacement, do you see anymore opportunities of that magnitude on the horizon?
Carl Bass: Let me start backwards -- we really don’t forecast big deals of that size. That historically was a very large one. However, generally speaking, we have seen the trend that we discussed at investor day continue. We continue to win competitive deals. They tend -- as I pointed out before, they are tending to be smaller deals where people are being more cautious and conservative in the way they go about piloting and benchmarking different applications. But I think we’ve done two things really well -- pure replacements of competition and the other ones is where we’ve had deeper account penetration, where it might have already been a heterogeneous account. But one of the things about our software is, particularly as people are starting to examine their cost structures, they might find -- take for example mid- to large-sized manufacturing company. They will find that the total cost of ownership of our software might be five to seven times less that of the competitive software. And if they are using it in two different departments up until now, there’s a lot of latitude extended to these departments to make independent decisions. Under the cost-cutting microscope that most companies have in place right now, those things are not going unnoticed and we are really being the beneficiary of that. 
Jack Miller - Robert W. Baird: Great, and then if I could get a follow-up on the Americas region -- the majority of that is North America but there’s also some emerging economies in that region, so I’m just wondering the 5% sequential decline in the Americas region, is that a good proxy for North America or was there a meaningful difference?
Mark J. Hawkins: There was some variation in there. We actually had some -- you know, without getting into too much detail, we had some reasonable progress in South America that actually was a little bit different than North America, but not a huge variance.  I don’t want to go country by country but I would say if you think about some of the things that were happening in South America, we actually had a little bit of a differentially better growth rate than the average for the Americas. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Israel Hernandez with Barclays Capital.
Israel Hernandez - Barclays Capital: Carl, can you talk about the government indicated that you saw some sort of relative strength within the government vertical. Can you kind of talk about what type of projects governments are spending? And are you doing anything to perhaps increase your footprint within the government vertical to capture a greater proportional share of the dollars if some of this fiscal stimulus stuff comes out to -- you know, becomes available?
Carl Bass: So our government business has done considerably better than the rest of the business, and specifically as you look at things like stimulus packages, you are seeing all kinds of government agencies spending. You know, we are seeing it on infrastructure projects we’ve heard a lot about. But you know, people forget that extends to lots of buildings, so it’s not just the roads and bridges and damns -- it’s also ports and airports and lots of government-owned buildings.  I would say what we are doing is we are trying to put our net in the stream of money coming out of there. It’s coming out of the government at a faster rate than it ever has before.  You know, and we have a much bigger investment in it but it’s also a different kind of sales process than we are used to in the private sector.  The other thing to do is I wouldn’t limit it to just the United States. There are a number of other countries around the world that also have stimulus packages in place and we could argue which are more effective but some of them are actually turning out money, either more money proportionally speaking relative to the size of their economy, or possibly more effectively than the United States is doing it, and so we are working in places like that. You know, we are looking at things like rail and road projects in a number of places, as well as either the rebuilding or the installation of new infrastructure around the world. 
Israel Hernandez - Barclays Capital: And are these deals sourced principally through channels or do you have to go in there more of a direct sale?
Carl Bass: It has a higher component of direct but we certainly have channel partners working around the world with us. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Keith White with Morgan Stanley.
Keith White - Morgan Stanley: Thank you, guys. Two questions for you -- one is sort of a follow-on on that; have you guys -- I know the federal government, [they mandate] [inaudible]. Have you seen with the stimulus package a sort of a spillover effect into perhaps a non-government business that is not directly with the government but sort of people tooling up to be able to bid on some of those government contracts? Has that had any kind of significant impact on your business, would be question number one.  And the second question I had was just on bundles. You talked about [inaudible] at the analyst day. What kind of progress are you making and what kind of reception have you gotten from the customer base on the bundles you have out there?
Carl Bass: So a couple of things, the first thing -- absolutely there’s a spillover effect that will happen, so when you look at a lot of this government spending, it will be done in many cases primarily by the private sector. We are not seeing huge revenue kicks yet because it kind of goes back to the thing that I was saying before -- tooling up right now is people doing experiments and pilots and prototypes in which they buy a couple of seats of software to pilot a process or a new workflow. So for example if they used to do construction drawings in a 2D way and they are moving to building information modeling, they would be buying a handful of seats of Revit. What that will eventually mean if these companies are awarded the contracts, they will buy considerably more software and so we do imagine a lot of the government stimulus spending will actually look to us like money that came through the private sector.  The second question was about the suites -- we have a handful of suites out there already. It’s a little bit early. You know, first reception seems good. I think the feedback is great value for the customers, very much appreciated but a little too early to tell. And probably by next quarter we’ll be able to give you a better update. 
Keith White - Morgan Stanley: Excellent. Thanks, guys. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question is from the line of Sterling Auty with J.P. Morgan.
Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan: Carl, there’s lots of comments through this call about the direct sales and some of the improved, or the performance of the direct sales. What I am kind of curious about is how you are managing the direct sales versus channel, meaning how are the channel partners reacting to the increased exposure and increased activity that you are doing direct, on the direct side?
Carl Bass: So what I would say is first of all, I mean, if you really look at our sales a little bit closer, there’s a real continuum of sales. There are a handful of accounts that Autodesk works with directly. There are ones where we work with our channel partners where we take the lead. There are ones where they take the lead all the way down to the very transactional ones that you would see with a large national reseller. So there’s a variety of ways we work and we somewhat arbitrarily cut it into two halves to describe it.  Generally speaking, these two parts of the business are very complementary. Our channel partners appreciate when we win direct business because, for example, if we were to go into large OEM and win business there, the spillover effect to the suppliers is a big one. Same thing if we were to win a big account like we announced with an AEC firm with 5,000 seats, those are not the only ones working on those projects. It also often-times at the direct accounts, it creates lots of opportunities for our resellers in terms of providing services, providing consulting or training. So it’s a very symbiotic relationship within the ecosystem that I think works well, and I don’t see it at all as a zero-sum game where we are doing it.  I think there’s something, however, that we were trying to point out that was slightly different, which was this idea that in these difficult times, when either us or our partners have a chance to work closely with their customers, we can help them solve important business challenges. Where I think we are struggling more is the customers who just woke up one day and said I need a copy of this and would go on a website and buy one. That’s the -- you know, and that’s a little bit of an exaggeration but that kind of more impulsive, small-size transaction is not happening at nearly the rate and that’s true on a worldwide basis. 
Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan: Okay, and then the follow-up question is on the maintenance subscription -- as you look at the comments you made about the renewal rates in headcount, et cetera, I know you don’t want to get into a granular forecast but is it at least reasonable to believe that that revenue line could actually get to the point where it declines on a year-over-year basis before it starts to get better?
Mark J. Hawkins: I think it’s reasonable that that possibility could happen. 
Carl Bass: I think the primary driver of this is going to be new seat sales. 
Mark J. Hawkins: Exactly. 
Operator: Your next question is from the line of Dan Cummings with Lime Rock. 
Dan Cummings - Lime Rock: Thank you. Carl, relative to your comments about kind of change on the margin in some geographies, I was curious if that, if you could talk more functionally around AEC versus manufacturing? Thank you. 
Carl Bass: Yeah, I mean, I think on a worldwide basis, the AEC industry has been hit harder than manufacturing has been hit. And I think media and entertainment is a little different by geography but certainly there were parts of media and entertainment that have been hit hard.  So I think generally speaking, AEC has seen the greatest layoffs, the greatest reduction in project spending and our business has consequently been more hurt there than in other places. 
Dan Cummings - Lime Rock: In terms of your most recent greater concerns, is it manufacturing or is it still a mix or AEC?
Carl Bass: You know, I’d be more concerned about things like jobs and credit, which I think now is probably three or four quarters, certainly three quarters I’ve been talking about jobs and credit as being the most important things. I think those are the primary drivers. They affect the industry slightly differentially but fundamentally neither one of these I think is going to see huge improvement unless those two drivers get better. Banks, you know, banks will need to lend money and businesses have to start by feeling more optimistic and eventually by putting more people back to work. 
Operator: With no further questions in the queue, I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Dave Gennarelli for any closing remarks. Sir. 
David Gennarelli: That concludes our call for today. If you have any further questions, you can reach me at 415-507-6033. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect and have a great day.

===== 2009 Q4  (2009-02-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Gennarelli – Director, IR Carl Bass – President and CEO Sue Pirri – VP, Finance
Analysts: Greg Dunham – Deutsche Bank Heather Bellini – UBS Steve Ashley – Robert W. Baird Brent Thill – Citi Sterling Auty – JPMorgan Mike Olson – Piper Jaffray Keith Weiss – Morgan Stanley Richard Davis – Needham Steven Koenig – KeyBanc Capital Markets Ross MacMillan – Jefferies Dan Cummins – Lime Rock Phil Winslow – Credit Suisse Kash Rangan – Merrill Lynch Sunil Dastidar [ph] – Centennial Investments Blair Abernethy – Thomas Weisel Partners
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the fourth quarter 2009 Autodesk Inc. earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen only mode. We will conduct a question and answer session at the end of this conference. (Operator instructions) I will now turn the call over to Mr. David Gennarelli, Director, Investor Relations. Please proceed, sir.
David Gennarelli: Thanks, operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss our fourth quarter of fiscal 2009. With me today are Carl Bass, our Chief Executive Officer; and Sue Pirri, Vice President of Finance. Today’s conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available at Autodesk.com/investor. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the future performance of the company, our guidance for the first quarter of fiscal 2010, the factors we used to estimate our guidance, our future business prospects and financial results, our market opportunities and strategies, trends for our products and trends in various geographies, and the anticipated benefits of acquisitions. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time to time with the SEC, specifically our Form 10-K for fiscal year 2008, and our 10-Qs for first three quarters of fiscal 2009, and our periodic 8-K filings, including the 8-K filed with today’s press release. These documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements. We will provide guidance on today’s call but will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum. During the call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today’s press release and on our website. In addition, we will quote a number of percentage changes as we discuss our financial performance. Unless otherwise noted, each percentage represents a year-over-year percentage change showing the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009 as compared to the fourth quarter of fiscal 2008. And now I would like to turn the call over to Carl Bass.
Carl Bass: Good afternoon, everyone, and thank you for joining us. The results that Sue and I will outline today are not what we’ve been accustomed to over the past several years and we are disappointed by them. The global economic downturn is now significantly impacting each of our major geographies and all of our business segments. It is evident that the current global economic malaise is unlike any downturn we’ve experienced in the past. Jobs are being lost across all industries; businesses around the world are still finding it difficult to secure credit financing; construction and media and entertainment projects are being delayed or canceled; and manufacturers are slashing spending in response to lower end-user demand. As a result, total revenue for the fourth quarter was $490 million, a decrease of 18%. License and other revenue decreased 30% due to a 33% decline in new seat license revenue. As we look at our business by geography, revenue performance in the Americas declined 17%. Weakness was seen across the entire region. The Americas has experienced weakness for five quarters now and it’s not yet clear if it has hit bottom. On the positive side, we continue to make strong inroads with our government sales. Our government business has been on the upswing over the past four quarters and we believe we are positioning ourselves well for increased infrastructure spending that may result from the recently signed economic stimulus package. Turning to our international business, although we started to experience some economic headwinds in international markets in our third quarter, our overall results during that period were relatively strong. Global conditions have worsened since then and the economic downturn significantly impacted our international business during the fourth quarter, particularly the robust business we had been seeing in emerging countries. Revenue from Asia Pacific decreased 25% as reported and 28% at constant currency as a result of economic headwinds in large developed markets like Japan, Korea, and Australia. We also experienced significant year-over-year declines in emerging countries, such as China and India. Most of the APAC countries are now facing a decrease in building and manufacturing production resulting from reduced trade with areas like the U.S. and Western Europe. EMEA revenue decreased 16% as reported and 8% constant currency. Similar to APAC, the growth rates in emerging countries decreased more dramatically than developed economies. We remain confident that emerging economies will be a key growth area for Autodesk once we get past this downturn. In total, revenue from emerging countries declined 31% and represented 16% of our total revenue for the quarter. Now let’s take a look at performance by product category. Our customers continue to tell us that they need to differentiate their products in order to gain and maintain a competitive advantage. Our design solutions are key to helping them do just that. As a group, our model-based 3D design solutions fared better than our 2D products. Our model-based 3D design solutions decreased 1% to $144 million, and represented 29% of our total revenue for the quarter. We shipped approximately 30,000 commercial seats of these products in the fourth quarter. Our 2D horizontal products, AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT declined 29%. Revenue from 2D vertical products decreased 21%. Clearly, all aspects of our business are being impacted by the slowdown. To address our lower expectations for sales, last month we announced a restructuring plan which will reduce our operating expenses by approximately $130 million annually. Some savings will be generated in the first quarter, but we expect to realize the full quarterly impact of the reductions starting in the second quarter. The savings are being achieved through headcount reduction of approximately 10%, facilities consolidations, a hiring freeze, travel restrictions and a variety of other cost reduction initiatives. In addition, we are making significant adjustments as part of our ongoing effort to size our business correctly. Before Sue provides a closer look at the financials I’ll give you another update on our CFO search as this remains a top priority. As I mentioned last quarter, the pool of potential candidates has grown considerably. We have narrowed the field to several highly qualified candidates and are actively working through the process. I will not compromise simply to fill the vacancy. In the meantime, I cannot stress enough that we have a deep bench of highly skilled and experienced people in our finance organization who are doing a great job bridging this transition. Now I’ll turn the call over to Sue for a more detailed discussion of the results.
Sue Pirri: Thanks, Carl. Net revenue was $490 million, a decrease of 18% as reported and 15% constant currency. Revenue from new seats decreased 33%. Total upgrade revenue, including cross-grades, decreased 32%. Maintenance revenue was $180 million, an increase of 17% compared to the fourth quarter of last year. This was a slight decline sequentially due to lower year over year maintenance billings. Breaking revenue down by segment, Platform Solutions decreased 24% to $201 million. Revenue from our Manufacturing Solutions division decreased 6% to $115 million. Revenue from our Inventor family of products decreased 21% as demand was particularly weak in Asia Pacific. During the quarter, we shipped approximately 6,100 commercial seats of our 3D manufacturing products and approximately 39,000 seats of our manufacturing products in total. Our AEC segment decreased 14% to $118 million. Revenue from our Revit family of products decreased 6%. We shipped approximately 24,000 commercial seats of our 3D products in AEC. Going forward we will no longer provide this level of detail on a regular basis. Revenue from our Media and Entertainment segment was $53 million, a decrease of 26%. Revenue from Advanced Systems decreased 36% to $20 million. Animation revenue decreased 18% to $33 million. Moving to the rest of the income statement, gross margins were 90% on a GAAP basis and 92% non-GAAP. Our operating margin was significantly impacted by the drop in revenue. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 16%. Our GAAP operating margin was negative 27%. The significant difference between our GAAP and non-GAAP operating margin was principally due to an impairment charge of $129 million related to the write down of goodwill in our media and entertainment segment, as well as a $40 million restructuring charge. Our tax rate in the quarter was 22% for our GAAP results and 7% for our non-GAAP results. The difference between these rates is primarily due to the impact of the goodwill impairment charge and stock-based compensation expenses. The tax rates were lower than expected due primarily to discrete tax benefits recognized in the fourth quarter and the geographic mix of earnings. GAAP diluted loss per share was $0.47. This includes $0.56 pre-tax impact from the goodwill impairment charge and $0.18 pre-tax for the restructuring charge. We will incur additional restructuring charges in the first quarter as part of the cost savings initiatives we announced last month. Non-GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.31, which is higher than previously expected, primarily due to better than expected cost reductions during the quarter, and a lower tax rate. The impact of foreign currency exchange rates was $19 million unfavorable on revenue and $17 million favorable on expenses, compared to the fourth quarter of last year. The foreign currency impact was $23 million unfavorable on revenue and $15 million favorable on expenses, when compared to our third quarter. Turning to the balance sheet, cash and investments were $989 million. At the end of the quarter, approximately 80% of our cash and investments were offshore. Deferred revenue grew 9% year-over-year and 11% sequentially to $552 million. Cash from operating activities was $86 million and was lower primarily due to the decline in revenue. Unshipped product orders, or shippable backlog, increased by $11 million sequentially to $17 million. Total backlog, including deferred revenue and unshipped product orders was $569 million, an increase of $47 million over last year. In absolute dollars, channel inventory declined in the quarter and was approximately four weeks. DSO was 59 days in the fourth quarter. The sequential increase is due primarily to the seasonality in subscription billings. Now let’s talk about our outlook. The global economic environment has impacted our business visibility and forecasting accuracy over the past two quarters. As a result, we are providing just one quarter of guidance today, which is based on our current expectations and the information we have available today, including currency exchange rates. At current exchange rates, the euro is on average 14% weaker than the average rate we used in fiscal year 2009, the yen is on average 5% stronger. For the first quarter, we now expect revenue to be in the range of $400 million to $440 million. GAAP loss per diluted share is expected to be in the range of a $0.20 loss and a $0.08 loss. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be between zero and $0.12 per share, excluding $0.07 related to restructuring charges, $0.08 related to stock-based compensation expense, and $0.05 for acquisition related charges. The GAAP EPS range assumes a tax rate of 31% and the non-GAAP EPS range assumes a tax rate of 27%. As Carl mentioned, the full benefit of our restructuring won’t be evident until the second quarter. In addition, certain operating expenses in the first quarter experience a natural up tick sequentially as we incur higher expenses related to our annual product launch, as well as higher payroll taxes. In addition, operating cash flow for the first quarter is expected to be negative as a result of lower revenues combined with cash outlays in the quarter for payments of the annual employee incentive plan and payments related to the restructuring plan. While we are not providing revenue or EPS guidance for the full year fiscal 2010, we believe that if the economic environment stays the same, our operating margin will increase through the year as our restructuring actions begin to have a greater impact. In addition, we are taking further actions to reduce our cost structure, which will further benefit our operating margins. Lastly, we made some organizational changes to better align with our customers and accelerate product innovation in February. As part of this change there will be some product movement between business segments and we will provide revised historical results with our earnings release in May. Now I will turn it back to Carl.
Carl Bass: Thanks, Sue. As I look back on our results for fiscal 2009, it was defined by two very distinct halves. The first half of the year was a continuation of the strong growth we experienced over the past five years. The second half clearly reflects the global economic downturn. As we look out at the start of our fiscal year 2010, our visibility is severely impaired. It’s difficult to gauge how close we are to the bottom and when things will start to turn around. Like you, we are diligently looking for signs. Because we serve a diverse set of markets and industries, we monitor a myriad of data points including AEC and manufacturing data by region, such as the total value of building and construction permits and manufacturing GDP by country. In particular, two items we view as very important to our business are reduced job losses and the increased availability of credit. During this downturn we remain focused on our structure. We have already removed approximately $130 million in annual operating expenses and we continue to remove additional costs. Over the years we have invested strategically in R&D and channel development as a means to strengthen our position in the market place. The strength of our technology and our channel will help us maintain our leadership throughout the downturn. We have launched our family of 2010 products over the next couple of months and they are filled with new and innovative features coming from these R&D efforts. Additionally, as we move forward, we are expanding our portfolio of product suites that will deliver better experiences to the customers we serve. The overall health of our channel partners remains vitally important to Autodesk. We have an active Partner Assistance Program in place on a global basis and we will continue to work closely with our partners in a collaborative effort to fight through these economic headwinds. So as we navigate through this environment, we remain focused on serving our customers and working with our channel partners. We also remain focused on delivering the world’s best design solutions and bringing best-in-class technology to our customers. Autodesk’s technological leadership, brand recognition, breadth of product line and large installed base will help us weather this storm and position us well for an eventual recovery. We believe that significant long-term opportunities exist for Autodesk to grow and lead in our respective markets. With that, I’ll turn it back over to the operator so we can take your questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions)
Carl Bass: While the operator is polling for questions, I will inform you of our upcoming investor events. We will be attending the Morgan Stanley Tech Conference in San Francisco on March 2 and the Jefferies Technology Summit in Chicago on March 10. Additionally, we will be hosting our Annual Investor Day on April 2. This year's event will be at our gallery in San Francisco. We plan it to be an informative day and we hope you'll be able to join us. And with that, I’ll turn it back over to the operator.
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Greg Dunham with Deutsche Bank. You may proceed.
Greg Dunham – Deutsche Bank: Hi, yes. Thank you. I guess the first question is when you look at the guidance that you have provided for Q1, are you expecting the same kind of linearity throughout the quarter looking to Q1 as you have experienced in Q4?
Carl Bass: No. I think roughly speaking I would say yes. The only kind of caveat I give is we have now seen a couple of quarter where external events have kind of nominated what happened. I don't think any of us expected to be sitting here with Lehman Brothers out of business or any of the other failures in the banking system. And so I'm unprepared to speculate on any of those things and how they might impact it. If you exempt those from consideration, I think linearity will be more or less the same.
Sue Pirri: Q1 does have a slightly different linearity than the rest of the year because of the product launches. In fact, that would, as Carl said, exempting other external factors would likely mimic previous years.
Greg Dunham – Deutsche Bank: Okay. And then one quick follow-up, the deferred maintenance, that was actually up 9%, I know that had some contribution from acquisitions, but was that better than I guess the overall revenue growth? I think you mentioned the deferred billings were less than affected, but that seems a little more stable than I would have imagined?
Sue Pirri: Greg, the one thing about maintenance is that customers see the value in the program and we will continue to renew those contracts provided they have people in those seats. Now, we have continued to think that our maintenance revenue will grow well and that we will see good-bookings on that as long as there are people in those seats. So the job loss has affected that and I don't think it was tremendously different than we expected.
Operator: Our next question comes from a line of Heather Bellini with UBS. You may proceed.
Heather Bellini – UBS: Hi. Thanks Sue and Carl. I just had two quick ones. Carl, just to follow up on – you commented that you weren’t sure if the Americas has hit bottom yet, it seems like the other regions around the world are a little bit behind the US. I was wondering if you could say where do you think we are because I think what we are all trying to figure out is, is your April quarter end revenue the bottom, or if the other regions are starting to accelerate, do we potentially see that happen in the July quarter, a sequential decline as well? And then I had a question, I am not sure this might be better for Sue, the last time you were going the type of revenue that you are guiding to was in fiscal year 2006, and your expenses for that year were just under $1 billion, so even with 135 million reduction in expenses you are guiding to, I guess I'm wondering how much more should we be assuming that you are going to take out, because it would imply you're still going to have OpEx of about 1.4 billion if we just take that 135 off of what you did last year, so I guess we are also all trying to figure out, you guys probably have a pretty good idea of what your expense level is going to be for fiscal year 2010, but can you size the business that quickly back to fiscal year 2006 or fiscal year 2007 on the OpEx one? And that is it, thanks.
Carl Bass: Okay Heather. So let me just start. Yes I would like to be able to have more clarity around what is going on. It does look like, just not looking at us, but looking more broadly, the Americas led us into this and some of the international markets are following. I'm not – I don't feel enough conviction to say that the length of the downturn in each place would be the same. I think that it is hard to say. I think what we did see is an acceleration that was more than expected in the emerging economies. We tried to call that out in the script. We saw that fall off more dramatically. So other than that I mean I think we look every day for signs that tell us kind of where we are in this.
Heather Bellini – UBS: There is no signs that we have bottomed then is what you're saying?
Carl Bass: No. I don't really see any signs and what I'm really looking is broadly is the broad economic indicators. You know things like job loss, you know construction starts, you know things like foreclosures, all the typical economic data that everybody is looking at. I think with it the other thing that is a big deal for us and I’ve talked myself blue in the face about this, but credit financing is a big deal for our customers. We have many small medium customers and even our largest customers generally rely on credit to finance products and projects. And until there is more liquidity back in the system, until people are really able to get credit, it’s going to be difficult for many of these businesses to return to the levels that they are used to.
Sue Pirri: And Heather, with regard to your question, you are right. We have been doing benchmarking against our historical performance on revenue rates. We are anticipating for this year – we are not prepared to give you a forecast of what we think revenue will be for this year because it’s been rapidly changing. But as we look at the cost base, there is reason for us to think that if it continued to change, we will have to take further action and we are currently assessing what those actions might be.
Carl Bass: And I would just add one thing, Heather, I think the framework you outlined is exactly the one that we're looking at. You're saying if we were able to do this level of business with this kind of cost structure, we should be able to do it again.
Operator: Our next question comes from a line of Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird. You may proceed.
Steve Ashley – Robert W. Baird: Thanks. Sue, first of all may be I could service some housekeeping, I was wondering if you could actually give us the revenue numbers for what the new seat business was and then what the subscription and upgrade business was?
Sue Pirri: You know what, Steve, let me do that offline. We have got them; I don't have it right in front of me. Upgrade is on the fact sheet, you can back into it from that.
Steve Ashley – Robert W. Baird: Okay. And just in terms of subtraction, maybe you could qualitatively around renewals and what you are seeing people do in terms of the deal sizes, when they do renew some of their subscription deals?
Carl Bass: So what I would say about the subscription renewals which we are monitoring closely, I think we are not seeing dramatic changes in subscription renewal by firm. I think where the changes are coming are where people have less employees. So for example if a firm has a thousand engineers last year and they only have 950 this year, they are renewing 950 seats. So qualitatively, most of the renewals that are not being made are due to job loss. There is the usual flux in the system that goes both ways as well, more people added, more people off, but if you wanted to look at what the principal vector was in there, I would say it is caused by whether or not people are – whether there are jobs and whether people are there but some seats.
Steve Ashley – Robert W. Baird: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with Citi. You may proceed.
Brent Thill – Citi: Thanks Carl. Just as a follow-up to Heather’s question, are you evaluating the business and running it to a minimum operating margin this year so that if things do get worse, you are using that as your floor, and how you are managing the structure? Or is there some other metrics internally that you are looking at the company in running the company to in probably one of the worst downturns we have seen in a long time?
Carl Bass: I think the operating margin one is difficult because there is that natural lag built into it as you are seeing right now. You have two complications, you have the expenses involved in reducing your expenses, plus you have the natural lag. I think the framework that Heather outlined is actually a more reasonable one and the one that we’ve been looking at is as we look at our revenue for the year, even as it changes, we look back historically to figure out what was the cost envelope that we had at the time that we did with much higher margins. And I think that is a more reasonable way to look at the problem. So there is no reason we believe regardless of the external factors that we can operate at the same levels we were at before. How you get there is actually trickier, you know, and the timeframe it takes, and how that averages out in the year which is part of the reason why we felt it was best not to give guidance around things like operating margin for the year.
Brent Thill – Citi: Okay. And just a quick follow-up, in terms of your go to market this year with the new product cycles, is there any changes that you are making considering the environment we are in?
Carl Bass: I mean I think most of the changes we have made in how we go to market are independent of it. And then I will get back to the couple changes that we are making. I mean the biggest change I think we’ve made this year, because it was mostly a very normal product recycle, was this idea of having more bundles or suites. And so we have introduced two of them, there will be more throughout the year. We think in an environment where people are very value sensitive, that is a way to provide more value to our customers, and we are going to continue to roll those out through the year. I think the change you see is there are parts – I mean these are small bright spots and so I do not want to overdo it. But there are some areas where you can see – for example, we believe that there will be money coming into the US economy through the infrastructure spending, that is in the stimulus package. You see countries like China that are probably more effective at directing money towards infrastructure build out, so we're focusing efforts on places like that. And in general, we are just looking for the places where our business is better. One of the interesting things we saw throughout the quarter was that our direct business held out much better than our business through our channel partners. And so not only direct to government but just direct in general, we had almost as many large deals this fourth quarter as we had the fourth quarter of the previous year. So there are places where we are able to be in front of the customers and have conversations where we are actually very effective at selling. The dynamic there tends to be around companies who are also looking to save money, who are looking to consolidate, and generally speaking chose a lower cost, a lower total cost of ownership provider.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with JPMorgan. You may proceed.
Sterling Auty – JPMorgan: Yes, thanks. Hi guys. Just wondering based on the restructuring plan that you’ve currently announced, which quarter should be the bottom in expenses? And then just a follow on, in a different area, Carl, can you talk about – your mentioned the credit, have you changed any terms in terms of how you are dealing with the channel, in terms of maybe what credit you might be extending to them?
Carl Bass: Yes. So I'm not sure if it is the top or the bottom in expenses, but let me – I think this is going to be a year of constant re-jiggering and kind of titrating expenses. So I think from restructuring we previously announced, by the third quarter, you will see the full effect. You may even see the full effect in the second quarter, but certainly by the third. I think the complication will be is that we are continuing to lay in expense reductions, so I think the 130 annualized is not the right number to look at because we are going to continue to reduce our expenses throughout the year. And I think as we get either further in this quarter on the next call we will be able to give you more detail about further expense reductions.
Sue Pirri: And Sterling, as far as partners go, we are looking at what we can do to help them in this time; obviously keeping the channel healthy is primary importance to us. So we're going back and looking at credit limits and making sure that they are at the right level, that to the extent we can get payments to them in a more timely manner around incentives and things like that, we're doing that, anything that we can do to help their capital, we know is very important in a time like this. So we are looking – we’ve begun looking at a number of different things that we can do and we will continue with that throughout the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Mike Olson with Piper Jaffray. You may proceed.
Mike Olson – Piper Jaffray:
 :
Carl Bass: Well, you know, I think the Antarctica has been relatively immune, maybe Greenland as well, although not Iceland as we all found out. More seriously, Mike, I think we have seen it across really all of the regions by now. I think the one that is more variable, one because of the growth we have experienced there, really the emerging economies, and because they just seem to have this huge dependence on what is going on in the more developed countries. So I think it is hard to know, I mean you still see some pretty bullish outlooks I would say for China and India, obviously much less scope for Russia, so I think the most volatile parts are presumably the emerging economies, but at this point I haven't seen really an unscathed territory out there.
Mike Olson – Piper Jaffray: All right, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Keith Weiss with Morgan Stanley. You may proceed.
Keith Weiss – Morgan Stanley: Hi guys. I guess my question is similar along the lines of what is holding up relatively better than others, and I mean from your numbers, there's two areas that I feel one is, it looks like manufacturing has relatively outperformed some of the other areas as well as EMEA held up pretty well, well two areas there. I mean do you find that to be sustainable like if you look at EMEA negative 8% constant currency growth, it does look like they're following the Americas, is that level sustainable or is that – are those relatively better numbers stuff that you're expecting to follow the course of some of the less performing regions or less performing parts of your product portfolio?
Carl Bass: Yes. I mean – so a couple of ways to look at this. I think just looking at our guidance, you can see that we are anticipating something that is very different than the seasonal kind of equivalent between Q4 and Q1. I think that is mostly taking into account what is going on in places outside the Americas. If you looked at EMEA during the quarter, the second half of the quarter was considerably worse; if you look at the emerging economies, they are worse. I think Asia has been bad how long. So I think in some ways our guidance is already taking into account what we were saying in kind of the daily run rates of the business. Like I said I think the other things where you look at the performance, I expect the channel business to be weaker compared with comparable companies, channel business in this environment seems to be harder, smaller medium businesses, direct businesses seem to be holding up better, and so I expect that trend to continue. Maybe you want to…
Sue Pirri: I think that is right. With regard to your question about the split by industry, certainly the economic data that we see shows that the AEC industries have been hit much harder thus far than manufacturing. As we think throughout over the longer term and feel that our first quarter is considerably worse than the fourth, we don't break down our forecast by industry or geography. But we are expecting all of them will continue to just deteriorate into the first quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Richard Davis with Needham. You may proceed.
Richard Davis – Needham: Thanks. Question for you, I guess, Carl, there are some large firms out there, those headquartered in Redwood Shores, or what have you, are going out actually and auditing their customers to find out to make sure that they are paying for all of their seats or CPU usage and things like that, obviously the latter is not relevant to you, but the former might be. Have you thought about doing that as a means to drive revenues because obviously the flipside is you could anger your customers at the same time they are struggling too, so it is a thought with regard to driving revenues. Obviously, you can run the business by cost controls, but that was the question.
Carl Bass: Yes. So Richard, I mean what I would say is this is this delicate balance that we live with all the time, and I would say in some ways, we have a lot of experience with this. Piracy is so rampant in desktop software compared to enterprise software. And we're always trying to weight these two things between. I think we are in just slightly different realm than one of the companies you mentioned in that I think it is – I think we will continue to do license compliance, I think we will continue to do license compliance on a worldwide basis, I think there is a risk if you can really anger customers if you go all the way to track down every last seat, particularly in the emerging economies. I think the other thing to wrestle with and that is somewhat the nature of the difference in our customer base between us and large enterprise players is some of the small medium companies that we would go after don't actually have the money to pay. And so we can hand the bills for things that they can't even pay so I don't at all want that to be – I am not giving anyone a license to steal our software, and we will continue to be vigilant about it. We certainly haven't built into our model anything about increased license compliance revenue. I mean I think the other trick just as a backdrop for them if they should be listening is, some of the help that you get in other countries, we have talked about how sophisticated you need to be in terms of getting all the things lined up in order to do good license compliance is that some of the governments of developing economies which are crucial components in being able to enforce it are not as willing to go after their companies given the economic situation they find themselves in. So particularly those emerging economy countries governments are really not as cooperative as they sometimes are.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Koenig with KeyBanc Capital Markets. You may proceed.
Steven Koenig – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Hi, thanks for taking my question. I'm wondering if you can give any idea or thoughts on how you are might look to use your cash at this point basically keep your cash do any acquisition or buybacks at this point, et cetera?
Carl Bass: I think what we are looking at is we are trying to preserve cash as much as possible. Just to remind you what we said in the script, 80% of it continues to be offshore. Unfortunately some of the repatriation legislation didn't make it through despite handing out trillions of other dollars, they couldn’t find their way to actually allow companies to repatriate money. I would say our tolerance for acquisitions has gone way down in this environment and I would say just the M&A market in general I feel is going to go down because I think there is going to be difficulty in aligning the expectations of buyers and sellers. We have seen this already. So the only acquisitions I could imagine making are really small, tucked in technology ones, and even those I'm not sure we will be able to come to agreement on them. At the current stock prices, we constantly consider stock buyback. It is there and it is available to us and I think we will continue to monitor it certainly throughout the first part of the year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ross MacMillan with Jefferies. You may proceed.
Ross MacMillan – Jefferies: Yes, thanks. Carl, have you guys tried to size the impact to the AEC industry and infrastructure industry from what has been announced vis-à-vis the new funds? And maybe also for the countries, have you tried to think about that? Thanks.
Carl Bass: Yes. I mean what we have done is, we have spent a large amount of time looking at where governments are spending money, and the US and China are the two that are doing it, and we have spent a lot of time working on getting ourselves into that flow. So I think one of the important things is to remember for all of the governments that are spending money, it is not just building the infrastructure, it is building smart infrastructure. There is a lot of ways to build building bridges to nowhere, I would say in the US, 535 people get involved in it, it becomes more likely. And so the trick is figuring out ways that we can help really use the technology and build better infrastructure. I think what you will see if you look and you do the math on the plans that have been announced so far in China and the US, it is relatively small related to the overall GDP. The construction infrastructure spend worldwide in normalized times is approximately $4 trillion, so you think you’ve got a couple hundred billion dollars here and a couple hundred billion dollars there. I think the really important thing is to help restore confidence and that people start believing that the governments are investing and they can invest and companies can start hiring. It is really what it is. I think the name says it all, it is a stimulus, it is not going to be the funding for it. It is just going to be the catalyst hopefully to get business rolling again.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan Cummins with Lime Rock. You may proceed.
Dan Cummins – Lime Rock: Thanks. I'm curious if there are people in your boardroom or CFO candidates for that matter who are coming at you with the idea that you ought to be resizing Autodesk for the world as it was in 2002, let’s say, or something a little more radical than 2006? You're doing I think $250 million annualized rise business in emerging markets right now, that certainly doesn't look like it is sustainable anywhere near that level, maybe half of that as they reform, so I am just curious if there is really radical medicine that is coming or that is needed, how frank is this dialog right now, I mean all of your end markets are credit sensitive?
Carl Bass: I wasn’t implying 2006 was the right number. I don't think 2002 was the right number either, and we just finished the quarter $490 million, which would have probably in 2002 been two quarter almost. But I take the gist of your argument which says we are doing our best to try to figure out what the size of it is and trying to do it in an expedited but reasonable fashion. And I think that is the balance is you want to get ahead of it, you don't want to destroy a company in doing it. And so I don't if 2006 is the right number, I don’t know if 2004 is. There are many things that have happened, that are stranger than us being at a 2002 level. Half the analysts that used to be on the call, the institutions no longer exist. So stranger things have happened and so I think we continue to look at it, we think it is important. I think we try to stress throughout the call that we went forward with a restructuring plan. It is already obvious to us that we need to size this business considerably smaller, and we are taking steps to do that. And I think as we go throughout the year we will figure out what that size eventually is.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse. You may proceed.
Phil Winslow – Credit Suisse: Hi guys. Just got a quick question on your expectations on that subscription and maintenance line, I wonder if you can tell us [ph] about the churn rate you have seen recently, and just what you're anticipating sort of for the next quarter and for the next fiscal year.
Carl Bass: You know what, I mean generally we don't forecast it, but let me just give you qualitatively and Sue can chip in, is I think it is particularly difficult right now to forecast. I think a lot depends on how much our customers tightened down their spending. As Sue said, right now customers find this to be very valuable program, they think it is important, they're paying for the seats that they use. I think there is some potential going forward that things could get so bad that people start stop paying for maintenance. And that is not just for us but it is for other software companies as well. That is why I think there's a lot of unpredictability in the model. I think if things are the way there are now, or they get better, I think you will see rates similar to what we saw this quarter.
Sue Pirri: Yes, I think that’s right. We haven't built in significant deterioration in our renewal rates or our cash rates. Obviously the number of new seats has changed and so that impacts the change line and the booking fine. And we have seen a slight drop in the renewals rate that we attribute to having fewer workers in the industry, but there may be a point where there is a complete paradigm shift, where people just are not going to renew anymore going forwards. There's a big financial penalty for them to get off maintenance, it costs them about 50% more to do an upgrade to get current at some point in time. On the other hand, if they don't have the cash, that’s the choice they are going to begin to make, so we will have to continue to monitor that as we go forward.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kash Rangan with Merrill Lynch. You may proceed.
Kash Rangan – Merrill Lynch: Hi. Thank you very much. Carl I was just curious, I you’re your propensity to do large deals is probably very low right now, but you have commented that the AEC vertical is a lot more fragmented than the manufacturing vertical, and that there is an option to sort of grow the pie. I am just wondering if you have any thoughts on how you could get more customers wallet share within that vertical of making small tuck in acquisitions or perhaps even extend beyond the domain of design and move into other adjoining areas like project management etc, just wondering how you think about gaining share in a tough environment dramatically over the next few years?
Carl Bass: Yes, I think the answer is, I do think there are a number of structural impediments to M&A. I think companies like us are preparing cash and I do think that the small companies, except for the ones who are facing near death experiences are not going to appreciate the valuations that they would be willing to pay at this point. Private companies unlike public ones get to exist under the delusion of what they were through much longer, and so I think many of them still think they're worth what they were worth two or three years ago. And so I think there is a difficulty in doing these deals. Having said that I don't think it is difficult to gain market share. I mean one of the things that is important about us is the price point we actually pay in the market and the value we delivered for it. And so I think one of the really critical ways which we can continue to gain share is when you see companies consolidate. The conversations we are having, certainly with our large customers, are mostly places where they have heterogeneous use of design and engineering tools. In this environment, every company is looking to save costs. They are looking for the vendors who provide them with the most value with the lowest total cost of ownership with the easiest access to a trained workforce. All of those are criteria that we end up on top when people rank it. And so in most of the places, where consolidation is going down in the name of cost savings, we're coming out on top. So I think we will be able to do that. I think we have a number of initiatives. I mean one of the things from our investment in R&D over the last number of years is we still continue to have a number of projects that are incubating. And I think – I can't imagine during a downturn new product launches are going to be at all meaningful to revenue, but they can continue to incubate through this period and two to three years from now they can be meaningful back to the question of not just taking market share but how do you grow the pie.
Operator: (Operator instructions) And our next question comes from the line of Sunil Dastidar [ph] with Centennial Investments. You may proceed.
Sunil Dastidar – Centennial Investments: In the first month of this current quarter, have you seen any changes in terms of your selling cycle, or in terms of the demand for the product pickup or you haven’t seen any kind of changes here?
Sue Pirri: As you can tell by our guidance the average selling rates, we are expecting to be considerably lower than what we have experienced in the fourth quarter. So the environment has continued to change and our guidance reflects that.
Sunil Dastidar – Centennial Investments: And this is primarily coming from the emerging markets that the environment continues to deteriorate there or it is all everywhere?
Sue Pirri: No, it has been pretty widespread. I would say we have seen less deterioration in the Americas this quarter than we had – and again I think a lot of that has to do with the fact that the Americans are five quarters into a slowdown. And in the other geographies, it is much newer. But it is fairly widespread; it is certainly not just limited to emerging.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Blair Abernethy with Thomas Weisel Partners. You may proceed.
Blair Abernethy – Thomas Weisel Partners: Thank you. I just want to see Carl if you can expand a little more on the channel and how they are faring during this time, maybe you could expand a bit more on sort of some of the things that you are doing to support them, but also what are some of the risks that you see in the channel being able to cope with the situation?
Carl Bass: So I would say – I mean I think like every business and particularly small business, this has to be a really hard time on our channel partners as well as everyone else's channel partners. These tend to be small businesses, they are cash flow sensitive businesses, they have a small number of employees in one geographic location, it’s kind of a make up of those. What we have been trying to do is put some programs in place that allows them to get cash flow earlier. So we're trying to move – sometimes when things are going well, we really try to manage behavior in terms of how much of each product or product categories they sell. Sitting here today you say you are almost too clever by half during the good times, right now we removed many of those restrictions or incentives, and said, look, if you can sell in this environment, we will pay you for that. We have also tried to move those payments forward in a way so that they are not waiting for backend payments, looking for the business throughout the quarter, because that is what that required previously. So a number of programs like that we have put in place. We have talked about the times about working with partners to put in zero percent financing options so that if they do have customers who do want to buy they certainly can extend them credit. They have facilities available to them. So a number of measures working with them and just trying to simplify things on the back-end, lowering the cost of doing business with us, we continue to invest in that.
Operator: It appears, at this time, there are no additional questions. I would now turn the call back over to Mr. David Gennarelli for closing remarks.
David Gennarelli: That is all we have for this afternoon. We will be available for callbacks. You can reach me at 415-507-6033. Thank you.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference. You may now disconnect. Good day.

===== 2009 Q3  (2008-11-20 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Gennarelli - Director of Investor Relations  Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Sue Pirri - Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird  Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch Richard Davis - Needham & Company Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray Ross MacMillan - Jefferies Heather Bellini - UBS  Donovan Gow - American Technology Research Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan Sunil Dapdrinder - Sentinel Asset Management Atul Bagga - ThinkEquity Daniel Cummings - Limerock Research Richard Sanders - Clovis Capital 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the third quarter 2009 Autodesk Incorporated earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to Dave Gennarelli, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed. 
David Gennarelli: Thanks, Operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss our third quarter of fiscal 2009. With me today is Carl Bass, our Chief Executive Officer; and Sue Pirri, Vice President of Finance.  Today’s conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available by webcast at Autodesk.com/investor.  During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the future performance of the company, our guidance for the fourth quarter of fiscal 2009, the factors we used to estimate our guidance, our future business prospects and financial results, our market opportunities and strategies, trends for our products and trends in various geographies and anticipated benefits as acquisitions. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to documents we file from time to time with the SEC, specifically our Form 10-K for the fiscal 2008 and our 10-Qs for the first and second quarters of fiscal 2009, and our periodic 8-K filings, including the 8-K filed with today’s press release. These documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements.  Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If the call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements.  We will provide guidance on today’s call but will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum.  During the call we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP results is provided in today’s press release and on our website.  In addition, we will quote a number of percentage increases as we discuss our financial performance. Unless otherwise noted, each percentage represents a year-over-year growth rate showing the third quarter of fiscal 2009 as compared to the third quarter of fiscal 2008.  And now I would like to turn the call over to Carl Bass. 
Carl Bass: Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us. Today we reported the financial results for our third quarter of fiscal 2009. Revenue for the quarter increased 13% over last year to $607 million. As we previously stated, the sharp downturn in the global economy had a substantial impact on our results for the quarter. The economy is impacting our customers in various ways. Many are unable to secure credit financing. Construction and media and entertainment projects of all sizes are being delayed or cancelled. Lack of credit for small and medium sized manufacturing firms is making it difficult for them to invest in their businesses. Even large manufacturers are cutting spending significantly in response to lower end user demand and their inability to secure financing or issue debt.  As we discuss the details of our results this quarter, I will talk about some of the actions we are taking in an effort to stimulate demand in this environment. I will also go over the actions we are taking to better align our cost structure, with the reality of this difficult operating environment.  As we look at our business by geography, revenue performance in the Americas declined 1% and was more significantly impacted by the U.S. market than in previous quarters. Canada and Latin America continued to be relative bright spots for the Americas.  As the financial crisis spread globally, we started to experience economic headwinds in some of our international markets. We saw growth rates slow in many of our Asia-Pacific companies, as compared to growth in the same quarter last year. Despite that, revenue in Asia-Pacific increased 12% as reported and 9% constant currency.  Performance in EMEA remained healthy despite some pockets of weakness. EMEA revenue increased 27% as reported and 20% constant currency. Revenue from emerging markets grew 25% and represented 19% of our total revenue for the quarter. Revenue growth from emerging markets should continue to outpace that of developed countries.  Now let’s take a look at performance by product category. Our model based 3D design solutions -- Inventor, Revit, Civil 3D, NavisWorks, Robobat, and Moldflow increased 26% to $163 million. 3D revenue was 27% of total revenue for the quarter. Excluding revenue of $12 million for Moldflow, our 3D solutions grew 16% to $151 million. We shipped approximately 41,000 commercial seats of these products.  As we mentioned last quarter, we expect to see less correlation between revenue growth and seat growth as we experience changes in our geography mix, product mix, maintenance base, currency exchange, and average selling prices.  Turning to our 2D products, AutoCAD grew 10% and we saw a bounce-back of LT, which grew 12%. Revenue from 2D vertical products decreased 6% as we experienced particularly weak sales of AutoCAD Architecture on a global basis. We attribute the weakness of standalone AutoCAD Architecture to the slow-down in building worldwide and the recent launch of Revit Architecture Suite, which includes AutoCAD Architecture.  Now let me talk about actions we are taking to help stimulate demand for our products. We realize there is no quick or easy response to the current economic environment but we are focused on serving our customers and helping our channel partners in these challenging times. As always, we are focused on licensed compliance as piracy of our software is still pervasive on a global basis. In addition, we are running a number of targeted promotions in an effort to stimulate demand, such as product retirement programs.  During the third quarter we ran a program that offered small rebates on LT and AutoCAD. The real value of this program was to increase the dialog between our channel partners and customers and it was successful in doing just that. Additionally, both LT and AutoCAD experienced good growth in the quarter, so we were pleased with the results of this program and have extended it into the fourth quarter.  To assist our end user customers who are experiencing diminished cash flow and limited financing options, we recently launched a program to offer customers in the United States and Canada financing consisting of deferred payment plus 0% interest. The program is being provided by Key Equipment Finance and others, not by Autodesk.  Now let’s talk about our expense structure -- we recognize that we have to adjust our cost base appropriately for today’s environment. In the third quarter, we began taking actions to reduce our spend, such as implementing a hiring freeze and reducing our discretionary spending. We have extended these actions into the current quarter. We are implementing additional changes in an effort to reduce our operating expenses by approximately 5% in fiscal 2010 as compared to fiscal 2009. You should note that this is approximately 9% off our expected fourth quarter run-rate.  Before we take a closer look at the financials, I will give you another update on our CFO search. The process has certainly taken longer than originally expected and we are still interviewing candidates. If there is one side benefit to the current economic environment, it’s that the pool of interested CFO candidates has been getting larger by the day. As I mentioned last quarter, we have a very deep bench of highly experienced people in our finance organization to bridge this transition.  Now I will turn the call over to Sue for a more detailed discussion of the results. 
Sue Pirri: Thanks, Carl. Net revenue was $607 million, an increase of 13% as reported and 9% constant currency. Revenue from new seats grew 6%. Total upgrade revenue, including cross-grade, decreased 4%. Maintenance revenue increased 31% to $186 million.  Breaking revenue down by segment, platform solutions increased 11% to $269 million. Revenue from our manufacturing solutions division increased 22% to $124 million. Moldflow contributed approximately $12 million in the quarter. Revenue from our Inventor family of products increased 8%. During the quarter, we shipped approximately 9,000 commercial seats of Inventor and Moldflow and approximately 44,000 seats of our manufacturing products in total.  Our AEC segment increased 8% to $134 million. Revenue from our Revit family of products grew 23%. We shipped approximately 32,000 commercial seats of Revit, Civil 3D, NavisWorks, and Robobat. Sales of Civil3D have been greatly impacted as the AEC market has been hit hard in this environment.  Revenue from our media and entertainment segment was $73 million, an increase of 9%. Revenue from advanced systems was flat. Animation revenue increased 16%, driven by continued strong demand for our 3DS Max product.  Moving to the rest of the income statement, gross margins were 91% on a GAAP basis and 93% non-GAAP. Our operating margin was 23% GAAP and 29% non-GAAP. During the quarter, we adjusted accruals for our annual performance based incentive plans to reflect our current performance. In addition, as Carl mentioned, we reduced our operating expense run-rate by implementing a hiring freeze in October, as well as by reducing discretionary spending. These actions resulted in lower expenses and higher operating margins, net income, and earnings per share than we originally expected.  Our tax rate in the quarter was 23% GAAP and 25% non-GAAP. The lower-than-expected tax rate is due to a foreign tax refund related to prior years.  GAAP diluted earnings per share increased 29% to $0.45. Non-GAAP diluted EPS was $0.56, an increase of 14% over the third quarter of last year.  The impact of foreign currency exchange rates was $18 million favorable on revenue and $3 million unfavorable on expenses, compared to the third quarter last year. The foreign currency impact was $14 million unfavorable on revenue and $7 million favorable on expenses when compared to the second quarter of this year.  Turning to the balance sheet, cash and investments were $941 million. At the end of the quarter, more than 80% of our cash and investments was off-shore. During the quarter, we paid down most of the outstanding balance on our lines of credit but we will continue to utilize our lines as needed.  Deferred revenue was up 18% year over year and down 11% sequentially to $499 million, due to the impact of a strengthening dollar and lower subscription billings.  Cash from operating activities was $107 million and was lower sequentially due primarily to the decrease in deferred revenue, as well as other accruals.  Unshipped product orders or shippable backlog decreased by $23 million sequentially to $6 million.  Total backlog, including deferred revenue and unshipped product orders, was $505 million, an increase of $65 million over last year.  Our channel inventory was approximately three weeks. DSOs were 44 days this quarter, decreasing sequentially primarily due to lower billings.  Now let’s talk about our outlook -- as you know, the global economic environment is extremely difficult right now. There is great uncertainty about how much farther the problems will spread and how long this will last. As a result, our forecast has been volatile. Our guidance is based upon our current expectations and the information we have available today.  For the fourth quarter, we now expect revenue to be in the range of $525 million to $550 million. GAAP earnings per diluted share are expected to be in the range of $0.13 to $0.19. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be between $0.28 and $0.34, excluding $0.07 related to stock-based compensation and $0.08 for the amortization of acquisition-related intangibles. We expect the tax rate to be approximately 26%.  It’s been our practice over the past few years to provide guidance for the first quarter and the next fiscal year at this time. The uncertainty of the current markets has made the forecasting process extraordinarily difficult so we will refrain from providing specific guidance past the fourth quarter. However, we do want to provide insight into some significant factors we are considering for fiscal 2010.  In addition to the impact of the global economy, foreign currency exchange rates have been highly volatile recently. We continue to expand our cash flow hedge program to manage our foreign currency risk as we plan for fiscal 2010. However, if today’s exchange rates were to hold through next year, we would experience a significant currency headwind. In this scenario, the conversion of the Euro would be approximately 14% lower than the average for this year.  As Carl mentioned, to offset this overall environment, we are implementing additional changes in an effort to reduce our operating expenses by approximately 5% in fiscal 2010 compared to fiscal 2009. This represents a reduction of approximately 9% off our expected fourth quarter run-rate.  Now I will turn the call back to Carl. 
Carl Bass: Thanks, Sue. While the turbulence in the global economy has slowed our business, we are focused on trying to stimulate demand while adjusting our cost structure appropriately. In the process, we will balance these actions with investing in our future.  Slow-downs such as these present an opportunity for us to realign our business. Investments become more targeted, divestments occur, efficiency rises, and resources get realigned. We are already working on many initiatives, including pricing, bundling, and portfolio management to improve our business and strengthen the company.  Autodesk has navigated through several economic downturns in its 26 years of existence and has emerged from each stronger [and in better] position competitively. I am confident that however long or deep this global economic downturn is, Autodesk will remain the world leader for 2D and 3D design software and the company will be even stronger and more efficient and more competitive when markets turn around.  With close to $1 billion in cash and virtually no debt, our balance sheet is very strong. Our solid financial position and longstanding market leadership will serve us well as we work with our customers and partners to navigate through this economy together.  With that, I will turn it back over to the Operator so we can take your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) 
David Gennarelli: While the Operator is polling for questions, I would like to announce that we will be at the Credit Suisse conference in Phoenix December 3rd and the Barclays conference in San Francisco on December 9th. And now I will turn the call back over to the Operator for the first question. 
Operator: Thank you. Your first question comes from the line of Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird. 
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird : I guess my first question will relate to the guidance for the next quarter, obviously below what the consensus was looking for. Is there any extenuating circumstances related to that guidance? For instance, in terms of the pipeline that might need to drain itself? Just wondering how indicative that quarter is of us looking out beyond it and representative of what we can expect, or was there anything one-time in nature about the guidance?
Carl Bass: No, I don’t think there’s anything particularly one-time about the guidance. I think what we see in terms of demand out there -- this is where we forecast rather than anything peculiar about this quarter. I mean, I think the most important thing is what we have seen and to give you any indication of when things turn around, I think what we feel is we need to see functioning financial markets. We need to see liquidity in the system. Our customers depend upon it to run our business and I think truthfully if you look right now, we don’t have functioning financial systems to the level that allowed normal businesses to do their job. And in an environment in which people can’t get credit, the first things on their minds is not how much more software do I need to buy. 
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird : And then in terms of the restructuring that sounds like it will take place during the fourth quarter, is there any benefit from the expense savings baked into the earnings guidance into the margins of the fourth quarter, or is that -- I’m just trying to understand the timing of when those benefits will be realized. 
Carl Bass: You will most likely see more expenses in the fourth quarter as we go about cutting expenses. You always see a spike before you see the realization. I think you will start to see it in the first quarter and then throughout the rest of the year. 
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird : So just to clarify, there could be some costs associated with severance or associated with this that would be one-time that would -- 
Carl Bass: Yeah, for example, getting out of leases and things like that. There’s -- there could be lots of one-time charges associated. 
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird : And was that in the non-GAAP earnings guidance?
Carl Bass: No. 
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird : Okay. Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed. 
Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse: You all mentioned that the backlog was $6 million at the end of the quarter, down 23. I just want to get a sense of where you are targeting that next quarter. Do you expect to build that up back to the previous levels next quarter or is this going to take a couple of quarters?
Carl Bass: You know, we don’t do a lot of forecasting around backlog, Phil, to tell you the truth, so I think it will really depend on end user demand for the products, where it comes. The nature of the products, the timing in the quarter -- there are a lot of things that affect actually what ends up in backlog at the end of the quarter but we really don’t spend a lot of time trying to forecast backlog. 
Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse: Okay, great. And then I guess when you do look at your maintenance stream there, it’s a little different than other software companies. Going into a downturn obviously license revenue’s affected but how do you think of the growth rate of that maintenance stream?
Carl Bass: I mean, I think because of the nature of our maintenance revenue or more shorter term contracts than many others have, I think it relies on several things. It relies on new license sales and then attach and renewal rates. So I would see a slowing. I think you will see less slowing generally speaking of maintenance than you would of new licenses. A lot of people recognize that there’s no economic advantage to getting off maintenance, that they have to make up the difference when they come back on and so unless people are really strapped for cash, they wouldn’t generally make those choices. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Merrill Lynch.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Carl, I would like to follow-up on that last comment with respect to maintenance, you had a pretty significant decline sequentially in deferred maintenance, which is now back to where it was as of the end of fiscal ’08 in terms of absolute level, so what did you actually see in terms of maintenance declines or refusal to sign up maintenance at the time of new license sales? I mean, at least one of your competitors has been able to hold maintenance pretty constant, if not improved, so in your case this was certainly a pretty significant reversal of these this quarter. 
Carl Bass: The biggest change in there, Jay, is FX, so the big change in there is currency, not actual attach and renewal rates. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Okay. On the other hand, the number of new customers taking on maintenance has continued to slow year-round. The number of new signings is less than half the previous several quarter average, so that would seem to be some indication of obviously weakness in the new license business but do you think that number of new signings, new subscribers is going to continue to tail off significantly from here?
Carl Bass: I don’t know if it tails offs significantly from here -- a little bit hard to say, but definitely a decline in the rates, whether it stays at that level or not. I can’t really provide much guidance on that. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Just a couple of last things -- in terms of your visibility, one thing we noted in a CAD and TLM user survey a couple of months back that we did is that your customer base in particular has fairly short procurement cycles, shorter than the group on average. Most of your customers, according to the survey, seem to be within that three month procurement cycle, maybe three to six at most. So is that something that you actually see yourselves and can manage to, given that your customers do tend to have fairly quick turnaround time normally in terms of buying?
Carl Bass: Yeah, I mean, there’s no doubt that our customers have shorter buying cycles. I mean, particularly when you throw in PLM and people are buying $20 million, three or five-year implementations with -- you know my opinion on the subject -- with no visible return on investment. It doesn’t surprise me much that it takes a lot of time to make that decision. You know, in my opinion, the time should be almost infinite.  But people going out and buying design and engineering software do actually -- it’s one of the requirements for an engineer or an architect doing their job, so a lot is tied to just the number of people employed doing those jobs, and most of our customers as they hire new engineers and architects and they come on staff, they are handed new copies of software. They are the -- you know, the converse is obviously true as well. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: All right, and then finally how will the environment or your new cost reduction plans have an affect, if any at all, in terms of your direct or indirect sales capacity expansion plans?
Carl Bass: We would like to maintain -- I think one of the most important things in this downturn is that we continue to work on our channel capacity. The real shame of this would be coming out of a downturn with any reduction in channel capacity. As you saw, I mean, there’s still some parts of the world that where business is phenomenally good, our emerging markets are continuing to grow, we’ve talked about the fact that we don’t believe we have adequate coverage there; more coverage will lead to greater sales, so we are really re-jiggering where we are doing that expansion and capacity and capability to meet today’s economy. But I would like to see us continue to expand that within reason, much more tempered certainly given the environment. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Thanks, Carl. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Richard Davis with Needham.
Richard Davis - Needham & Company: A quick question with regard to the [inaudible] -- with the financial markets being [inaudible] -- 
Carl Bass: Richard, you sound exactly like -- like you’re in the airport and the speaker announcements for boarding the plane, which I think is only appropriate for you but I can’t understand a word you said. 
Richard Davis - Needham & Company: Okay. 
Carl Bass: Sorry. 
Richard Davis - Needham & Company: I’ll circle back [inaudible]. 
Carl Bass: Okay. The connection is awful. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Olson with Piper Jaffray.
Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray: All right, thanks. Okay, a couple of real quick ones -- would you say that you are seeing customers actually slowing down the number of purchases and upgrades, or are customers just downgrading their purchases by buying lower cost offerings, or is it a combination of the two?
Carl Bass: You know, we’ve seen the numbers go down. We certainly haven’t seen people choosing different products. You know, as a matter of fact, if you look, a number of the numbers around 3D products, the more sophisticated, complex products actually did really quite well and so I think what you are seeing is the people are choosing to buy new tools are looking for the best tools to make them the most competitive. We are not really seeing a movement within our range towards lower-priced products.
Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray: Okay, and then second as far as EMEA held in there in Q3, but Americas obviously decline in Q3 and I think it’s pretty clear the economic situation in EMEA seems to be following a similar path to what we have been seeing here, so is there any reason not to expect in EMEA that we will see a year-over-year revenue decline in the coming quarters?
Carl Bass: You know, a revenue decline, I mean, I’m certainly not seeing anything resembling that. Whether or not it follows, I mean, what we saw during the quarter were there were small pockets, particularly places like the U.K. that seemed to be a mirror reflection of what is going on in the U.S. You know, going through the bursting of a real estate bubble, heavy reliance on financial markets as part of the economy. What we found striking and continuing through today is how resilient and the growth in the other parts of Europe, so emerging parts of Europe obviously, Eastern Europe, Russia, but a lot of Russia was -- a lot of Europe was particularly strong during the quarter and doesn’t show signs. I mean, we are obviously being cautious. We are monitoring the situation closely but we are not actually seeing that.  It’s one of the things that is truthfully a little bit puzzling as we try to parse what went on during the quarter. The same thing in parts of Asia -- there’s parts that are really strong. Other parts are showing signs of weakness and patterns are not exactly clear yet. 
Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray: All right, thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross MacMillan with Jefferies.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies: Thanks. Quite a few have been answered here but maybe just on the other income line -- that’s obviously gone negative I presume because of the hedging strategy, so should we assume that because of the hedging costs, you are going to have negative interest and other income over the next few quarters?
Carl Bass: I wouldn’t presume that. Sue, do you want to -- 
Sue Pirri: No, I don’t think that you should -- there was -- some of this was -- some of the loss there was from hedging and some was from the re-valuation of the balance sheet due to FX. So I think as we see -- it’s going to be mostly because of the balance sheet re-valuations related to currency and that will cause the fluctuation more than anything about the hedging strategy necessarily. 
Carl Bass: The announcement on the hedging is relatively small and will be small regardless, given the kind of conservatism of our hedging strategy and so it will always be dwarfed by the other things. 
Sue Pirri: And certainly the volatility in the currency rates in the last quarter was higher than we’ve seen in a long time and made the cost of the hedges fluctuate quite wildly and hopefully we won’t see that in the future. 
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies: Okay, and then just on the 5% run-rate cost reduction, I guess two questions -- one is how did you -- why did you choose that kind of level of reduction? I’m just trying to understand the thinking behind that. And then secondly, what sort of areas are we likely to see the headcount cost -- sorry, the headcount reduction? Where can you trim back? Thanks. 
Carl Bass: So I think we looked and we modeled many, many scenarios for next year, taking into account lots of things, including what we perceived to be volume-based on end user demand, a lot to do with currency. You know, the one thing we really feel like is in our control is our costs, and so we looked at it and we thought how do we get ahead of the costs if business stays at this level, or even deteriorates and we wanted to make sure we were ahead of the curve. We had done a number of things starting last quarter. We certainly didn’t feel those were enough, given what we have seen out there and let me reiterate -- what we keep looking at for the signs of something is for liquidity being back in the credit markets, at the point in which banks are exchanging money, banks are lending money to businesses, that’s when some of the construction projects, some of the media and entertainment projects will move forward. It’s when manufacturers have enough money to build up inventory to make payroll, so that’s where we are really looking.  When you look at the cost reductions, we are looking across a broad range of things, obviously starting with the discretionary spending programs, lots in travel and entertainment. We’re doing a re-evaluation of our product portfolio. I think if you look, we are like many companies. We probably have kind of the 80-20, in that 80% of our revenue comes from 20% of the products or something in that neighborhood, so we are looking at what goes on in the other 80% of the portfolio and how important is that to the ongoing health of the business.  We also have a very large temporary workforce where we go use professional advisers, have outside consultants as well as just a temporary workforce. So obviously we are reducing things there. In many places, we have facilities where we are looking at consolidation so just a -- there’s a number of initiatives across the board that we think we’ll be able to accomplish, this kind of reduction in expenses. And really what I see right now is this is a balancing act for us. I think -- I would love to do a pool of where you guys think GDP growth is next year. We’re uncertain about it and so we are doing our best to try to guess where it is and we want to be ahead of that curve and we thought that this was certainly at this point in time the appropriate balance between maintaining the health of particularly our channel partners being able to serve our customers well and at the other time, preserving margins and running a profitable, healthy business. 
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with UBS.
Heather Bellini - UBS : Thank you. Carl, I apologize if maybe someone has already asked this because I am jumping back and forth between calls but essentially -- 
Carl Bass: Is the other call better?
Heather Bellini - UBS : No, they’re both -- I’ve seen better news from both companies, how about that? My question for you guys would be what type of churn are you factoring in or when you look out to next year, are you expecting? And what I am referring to is customers how may be -- could customers renew fewer seats? What are you expecting to see happen, given that the workforce is shrinking in a lot of the industries that you serve, not just those, others as well? And also the average upgrade cycle for those who aren’t on maintenance, what would you expect to happen to the upgrade cycle? Would you expect people to -- would you expect people to delay purchases and can you give us some sense there if it’s every three years now, could it go to four years, et cetera?
Carl Bass: So what I would say is first of all, we are very tied to the number of employees in the industry. Now, certainly with the specific job functions, like mechanical engineers, designers, architects. That will continue to be the primary -- that will continue to be the primary driver.  So often when we see people -- for example, failing to renew their subscriptions, it’s because the total workforce, the total headcount requiring the tools has gone down. So if you think about it, our correlation will be with that workforce. There are a couple of mitigating factors. There are certainly places in the world we talked about a little bit in prepared remarks where license compliance is big because piracy is still a huge issue, so we have many more users in the world who use our software than actually pay for it. That’s one of the offsets there.  The other places, you know, in tough economic times, the value of our offerings is very attractive and so I didn’t think this was a particularly appropriate call to spend a lot of time on color commentary about particular wins in the quarter but you know, particularly like in our very competitive markets like manufacturing, many people who are using high-priced software are converting to much lower-priced software. You know, when they recognize the value they can get from our products in comparison, there’s no doubt that we continue to win business there. Just looking at the raw numbers, we continue to gain market share on an absolute basis and when you look below it, you realize in units, we do even better than on revenue. So there are a couple of offsets but I think -- I think your thesis is absolutely right of the best predictor of where our business is is really tied to the number of people employed in the industries using the tools. 
Heather Bellini - UBS : Okay, and then can you also comment for those not on maintenance what the average upgrade cycle is right now for say AutoCAD users?
Carl Bass: You know, this -- 
Sue Pirri: The customers that are not on maintenance now -- I mean, the amount of revenue we are getting from that is so small it’s not worth you really spending a lot of time on. 
Heather Bellini - UBS : Okay. 
Sue Pirri: It just really isn't. You know, you’ve got to remember that now it’s such that if they don’t upgrade after the third year, their license expires and they would have to purchase a new seat, so there is not a lot of flexibility for them to let it go a whole lot longer or they have to buy a new seat and there’s significant economic penalties for that. 
Heather Bellini - UBS : Okay, so headcount is the key metric -- thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Donovan Gow with American Technology Research. 
Donovan Gow - American Technology Research: With the downturn, could you comment a little bit on if that’s affected your appetite for share buy-backs at all, particularly given that, or even your ability to buy back shares, given the large cash balance that’s offshore? And then also as you look to next year and cost reduction efforts, do you have any particular margin targets still in mind?
Carl Bass: So as it relates to buy-backs, we’ve always said that we will buy back stock to offset employee stock programs. We made a big purchase this year of about 8 million shares. We’ve not nearly had that number of shares exercised through any of our programs.  I’m very mindful of cash these days. I think as I’m seeing from our customers, as I’m seeing from the banks out there, I think this is a time in which hording cash is not a bad strategy and I think that I want to do everything we can possibly do to preserve our cash positions. I think it’s one of our strengths and should the economies of the world get any worse, I think it’s going to become an even more precious commodity. So with little money in the U.S. or with more money offshore and the penalty for bringing that money back, it’s a very inefficient use of our cash to buy back stock. And so I would not do that.  I think we have to -- we’ll reevaluate as we see how the economy goes, as well as when people look, probably not until the new Congress, you know, new tax laws including repatriation. 
Donovan Gow - American Technology Research: Okay, and on the margin front?
Carl Bass: You know, I won’t give any specific guidance at this point. Obviously what we have tried to do is take matters in our own hand in terms of the expenses. You know, revenues, we’re trying to do everything we can to really stimulate demand but at this point, it’s really just a mathematical by-product of how much revenue is there. So at this point, I wouldn’t want to give targets around margins. 
Donovan Gow - American Technology Research: Okay, and then just a last question, if we could just circle back on Europe for a second -- I mean, what gives you confidence there in particular that Europe as a whole is not going to follow what you have seen in the Americas?
Carl Bass: I wouldn’t go so far as to say confidence. What I was willing to say is, you know, explain what we saw in the third quarter and leading up to today. I think our sales teams remain confident about that but you know, I think if there’s anything we all should have learned over the last three to six months, all of our ability to predict has been pretty limited and so if we saw certain portions of Europe decline, it would not surprise me terribly. You know, the best I can do right now is report here’s what we’ve seen, here’s what the teams on the ground are seeing and you know, we’re monitoring the situation closely. 
Sue Pirri: You know, I think one of the things, Donovan, to remember is that there are areas in our territory that we call EMEA that are still essentially greenfield for us, where we don’t have a sales presence or resellers and so we can go into an environment that is essentially new to us and by adding resources in these areas like Russia or the Middle East, it’s incremental revenue to us despite the fact the economy there may be a little bit slower. We haven’t had a presence there at all. 
Carl Bass: And you know, just to be clear, I mean, when we looked at many of our regions, even in the developed economies, they continue -- I mean, to post those kind of results, Europe stayed strong and so I feel like the best I can do is tell you what the facts are. You know, you guys have access to all of the economic data we do in terms of trying to project what that’s going to look like going forward. 
Donovan Gow - American Technology Research: Okay, great. Thank you, guys. 
Carl Bass: But you know, there really were some regions that were surprisingly strong. Certainly they don’t correlate closely with what you read in the newspaper. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with J.P. Morgan.
Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan: Thanks. As you look at the next quarter guidance, can you give us an indication of how much of that fall-off sequentially is directly attributed to your assumptions for FX?
Carl Bass: So we do have a hedge in place for FX, which limits the downside, so a fair amount of it is due to volume and the rest is due to FX. 
Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan: But aren’t you hedging the next exposure or are you actually hedging revenue directly?
Sue Pirri: Well, it’s a -- the hedge actually, if effective, goes into revenue. 
Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And then as you were talking about running the different scenarios and models, which of the revenue segments do you think is hardest hit as you look both to next quarter or just qualitatively into next year from the economic situation?
Carl Bass: You know, I’ll give you a direct answer in a second but you know, I’ll repeat myself -- the problem our customers are experiencing is a lack of access to credit and financing and that’s across the board. Businesses for different reasons rely on access to those credit markets. Having said that, I think the one that you see most directly impacted is the building industry. That’s the one where projects have been delayed. You know, you are even seeing kind of the mothballing of projects in process. People are sealing them off and waiting until there is more money to continue those projects.  You know, the interesting thing about building even the largest institutional builders rely on financing to make those projects go forward, so I would say it’s building and then manufacturing and M&E are both about the same. But the building is the one that kind of turns off the fastest with the lack of project financing. 
Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan: All right. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sunil Dapdrinder with Sentinel Asset Management. 
Sunil Dapdrinder - Sentinel Asset Management: Yeah, thanks. Carl, you had pretty good growth in the European markets and some of the Asian markets, especially emerging markets. The crisis is globally basically, the credit crisis. Those customers who are not hit by the crisis, are they paying by cash or how are they paying you guys?
Carl Bass: So one of the things to remember, just generally -- we’re fortunate we don’t have to talk about this, but in many parts of the world, we do two tiers of distribution. So our end users buy from value-added resellers and the resellers in turn buy from distributors and much of the stock for the distributors comes from us, so we get paid by distributors. So there’s at least one and sometimes two intermediaries between us and the end user customer.  I think it depends a lot on local market conditions, how they are actually paying for this, but you know generally speaking, our distributors are large organizations that, you know, it’s a business to business transaction of fairly large numbers. 
Sunil Dapdrinder - Sentinel Asset Management: And you are not facing any problems from the distributors in the -- in terms of your payments basically?
Carl Bass: No, you know, most of our distributors first of all handle products from multiple companies. They are very large companies. Many of the distributors are much larger than we are.  Where I think you would expect to see payment problems first is resellers collecting from end users and then the distributors collecting from the resellers. We are pretty far up the food chain from that so we haven’t seen it.  I think there’s other business in the world that will be more affected by that sooner than we would be. 
Sunil Dapdrinder - Sentinel Asset Management: Okay. On the fourth quarter guidance in terms of the revenues, you just mentioned about the main reason for the downside is the volume. How much is the downside because of the discounting, because you are engaged into promotions, offering rebates and early retirements and so forth? So how much is the downside factored by the promotional effect here?
Carl Bass: The promotions are not a big part of it. 
Sue Pirri: In fact, the retirement programs, legacy programs are things that we run on a regular basis so that wouldn’t be any different than any other third quarter. 
Sunil Dapdrinder - Sentinel Asset Management: Okay. On the quarter just reported, you talked about two receipts. When you look at the overall user growth, it was just about 7% also. Most of the growth looks like [inaudible] from the [inaudible]. Could you comment on what was the [inaudible] growth? It looks like it was [negative] probably. If you can just give color on that. 
Sue Pirri: The seat numbers that you see include educational units and the commercial -- there was growth in commercial seats. 
Sunil Dapdrinder - Sentinel Asset Management: There was no growth in the commercial seats?
Carl Bass: There was growth. 
Sue Pirri: There was growth in commercial seats. 
Sunil Dapdrinder - Sentinel Asset Management: Okay. And on the expense side -- 
David Gennarelli: We have to go to the next question. 
Sunil Dapdrinder - Sentinel Asset Management: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Atul Bagga with ThinkEquity.
Atul Bagga - ThinkEquity: Thank you for taking my question. You highlighted a couple of pockets of growth in Q3. you talked about media and entertainment, some parts of emerging markets. When you are looking for fourth quarter guidance, are you baking any contribution from these pockets or are you expecting a decline in these markets as well?
Carl Bass: I mean, we’re trying to factor in the fact that all of these margins may slow down. I would expect it to do it on a relative basis, that some of those pockets are going to continue I believe, and as I said in the prepared remarks, I think the emerging economies are absolutely going to continue to grow. We’ve all seen the announced slow-downs in terms of the GDP growth in places like China and the Middle East but they are still growing and as Sue pointed out, in many of those places we are under-represented in that those that represent new opportunities for us.  I think we saw a strong 3D growth. You know, we’ve talked about 3D growth over the years. That’s about our products being compelling for people getting to new technology. There’s still an aspect of -- you know, people, just like we do when we talk about retooling during this downturn to be more competitive as we come out of it, our customers are doing the same thing and so they are looking for high-valued tools, they are looking for high productivity tools which we provide. And so you are seeing a lot of people move to 3D tools and as a matter of fact -- and when I answered the previous question, we didn’t see a move to 2D. People are regressing, people recognize the need to go to more high performance tools and I expect the 3D to continue to be relatively strong. 
Atul Bagga - ThinkEquity: So in terms of the conservatism that you baked into your guidance, would you say that fourth quarter guidance, you had been more conservative than you had been in the previous guidance?
Carl Bass: You know, rather than characterize conservatism, what I would really say is we believe it’s a much more volatile environment to which we usually give guidance. We have tried to -- you know, we’ve widened the range. Usually we look out and we can look out quarters and have a high degree of accuracy. We have already seen volatility, enormous volatility in the past. There’s large fluctuations in currency that are going on and every day brings with it new news, and so at this point in time what I would say is we certainly see a very volatile environment and an unpredictable environment, rather than saying it’s conservative guidance. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Cummings with [Limerock] Research.
Daniel Cummings - Limerock Research: Thanks. Can you hear me? I’m thinking back to the analyst day, maybe the past few years where Al had that slide that had the 45-degree line and it kind of represented your week-over-week linearity or performance against that line. And I’m curious whether the guidance for the January quarter, does that reflect the week-over-week performance recently? So I’m thinking like the last three to four to five weeks, are you sticking closer to that line moving through time here, or are you getting a little bit further apart? Really, are things really worsening week over week or not right now?
Carl Bass: You know what I would say is what we saw is the slope of the line changed right around when Lehman Brothers failed. So if you think -- you know, as the news really got out late September, early October, we saw the slope of the line change dramatically. I would say since then, we haven’t seen much change but there was clearly an inflection point right around when credit tightened. You know, I don’t need to go into a whole [inaudible] of what happened then but that’s the point in time in which we saw a shift. 
Daniel Cummings - Limerock Research: Okay, and Al seemed to think there really aren’t any short-term tools at your disposal to help the dealers come back into line there with week-over-week linearity and you indicated that that’s really not your balance sheet at work here. That’s Keybanc. But do you think in the short-run, there might be other things you could do to put more money to work there to help the channel?
Carl Bass: I think we are evaluating it day by day. You know, in some ways our distributors actually play that function, certainly in the parts of the world that are two-tiered distribution and I would imagine distributors and resellers are already having those conversations, you know, about extending payment terms and things like that.  I mean, our ability to affect end user demand on a very short-term basis is small and as I answered Heather’s question, if you don’t have a new user or you already have laid off 20% of your workforce, you don’t need new software. So a lot of it is really just tied to the number of people in the workforce and need to do it and I think that’s probably more accurate.  When you look at the levers we have, there are some things we can do around pricing and promotion and we’ve talked about that. I spent some time at this analyst day in New York talking about bundling and there’s things you will see from us in Q4, in Q1 around bundling that we think will actually trigger more demand.  So I think there are some things, although I don’t think there’s much to do on a weekly basis but we are in really, really close contact with our resellers and distributors, you know, watching not only our business but understanding what others are doing in this environment as well. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Sanders with Clovis Capital.
Richard Sanders - Clovis Capital: I wanted to just quickly get some more information on your hedging policy. I didn’t quite understand the response to the question before -- you said you hedge the top line of your foreign revenues, is that correct? Rather than the spread between the costs and the revenue? 
Carl Bass: We are hedging the revenue, not entirely all of it, and for us it’s principally in the Euro denominated and the Yen denominated currencies. 
Richard Sanders - Clovis Capital: And how far out do your hedges go for 2010?
Sue Pirri: We’re in the process of implementing 2010 right now, so we’re just beginning that process. 
Carl Bass: But generally speaking, ours were for the next quarter. 
Sue Pirri: Yes. 
Richard Sanders - Clovis Capital: Okay, so 2010 will be more at current exchange rates?
Carl Bass: Yes. 
Richard Sanders - Clovis Capital: Okay, and then in terms of your -- 
Carl Bass: No, 2010 will be whatever 2010 turns out to be. We -- 
Richard Sanders - Clovis Capital: No, I meant -- I meant on the hedge. 
Carl Bass: Yes, yes. 
Richard Sanders - Clovis Capital: All right, and then on the sales and marketing expense line, how much variability is there to revenues in that? And I mean more how much of that goes to kind of the commission accelerator for the channel when they hit certain targets, et cetera? So how much will that decline with revenues, or go up conversely?
Sue Pirri: Well, the commission -- I mean, commissions and accelerators are a decent size piece and typically where you see it is in the fourth quarter with accelerators in a timeframe when we are well above our plan for the beginning of the year, which obviously is not the case this fourth quarter. So you shouldn’t see lots of variance as a result of changes there. We did point out already that across the company, we made accruals to -- you know, made adjustments to our accruals for all of the performance-based plans, so it doesn’t just affect sales and marketing. In fact, it affects every expense line. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with J.P. Morgan. Please proceed. 
Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan: I just want to go back, Carl, to a comment that you made -- I think you said that you just didn’t see the European revenue declining year over year and I just wondered is that just here in the fourth quarter what you are thinking or you just don’t think the economic environment would deteriorate to a point where we would see year-over-year declines from that geography moving forward? Let me just leave it at that. 
Carl Bass: I mean, the most straightforward I can be about this, Sterling, is we saw 20% constant currency growth during the quarter. That’s a long ways from going negative. You know, could Europe unwind in the way that the Americas has? Without speculating on that, what I am saying is through now, we saw really strong growth in many places across product lines. We did see some of the places that you would expect, like I mentioned the U.K., were noticeably weaker and reflects what you hear and read and know about their economy.  There are other places that were counter-intuitive in terms of their really strong performance and what I would say right now is our sales force and sales management teams, you know, our distributors and resellers on the ground, while not overly optimistic about next year’s prospects still sees -- I mean, they would still see strong growth out there and when people have gone out -- in our talking with them, as others have gone out and surveyed them, they continue to see strong growth and they have been particularly resilient out there. 
Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan: So even just looking at the next quarter then, as you look at the guidance that’s given, you are basically indicating then a further precipitous fall-off in North America and the other regions to kind of get down to that 525 to 550, or is it more concentrated within North America?
Carl Bass: I would say we are allowing for the possibility of pockets, you know, there’s some in Asia, there’s some in the Americas. You know, there could be some in Europe. I don’t think you will see declines year over year, certainly in Europe, which was the question but I think we’re saying that given the deterioration in the economy, we could imagine that there are pockets in various places.  Certainly as you look out, we’ve read reports many companies reporting are talking about weaknesses in Japan. You’re seeing a slow-down in China and other places, so we can certainly imagine slow-downs in those places. What I was really trying to reflect was what we have seen in Europe -- you know, this is our opportunity to give you the best possible insight into what we saw during the quarter. That’s what we saw in Europe, that’s as we sit here today, you know, the insight that we get from our sales team looking forward. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our Q&A session. I would like to turn the call over to Mr. Dave Gennarelli for closing remarks. 
David Gennarelli: Thanks, Operator. That concludes our call this afternoon. If you would like to speak to investor relations, you can reach me at 415-507-6033. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes our presentation and you may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2009 Q2  (2008-08-14 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Gennarelli - Director of Investor Relations  Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Sue Pirri - Vice President of Finance
Analysts: Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird  Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray A. Sasa Zorovic - Goldman Sachs Michael Huang - Thinkpanmure Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities  Brent Thill - Citigroup Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank Ross MacMillan - Jefferies Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse Richard Davis - Needham & Company Sunil Dapdrinder - Sentinel Asset Management Analyst for Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Q2 2009 Autodesk Inc. earnings conference call. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today’s call, Dave Gennarelli, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed. 
David Gennarelli: Thanks, Operator. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining our conference call to discuss our second quarter fiscal 2009. With me today is Carl Bass, our Chief Executive Officer; and Sue Pirri, Vice President of Finance.  Today’s conference call is being broadcast live via webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available by webcast at Autodesk.com/investor.  During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the future performance of the company, our guidance for the third and fourth quarters of fiscal 2009 and full year fiscal 2009, the factors we used to estimate our guidance for those periods, our future business prospects, revenue and earnings growth, our market opportunities, trends for our products and trends in various geographies, and the anticipated benefits of acquisitions. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time to time with the SEC, specifically our Form 10-K for fiscal year 2008 and our 10-Q for first quarter of fiscal 2009, and our periodic 8-K filings, including the 8-K filed with today’s press release. These documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements.  Forward-looking statements made during the call are being made as of today. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements.  In adherence with regulation FD, Autodesk will provide quarterly information and forward-looking guidance in its quarterly financial results press release and this publicly announced conference call. We will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum.  During the call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of the GAAP and non-GAAP results is provided in today’s press release and on our website.  In addition, we will quote a number of percentage increases as we discuss our financial performance. Unless otherwise noted, each percentage represents a year-over-year growth rate showing the second quarter of fiscal 2009 as compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2008.  And now I would like to turn the call over to Carl Bass. 
Carl Bass: Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us. Today, Autodesk reported solid financial results for our second quarter of fiscal 2009. Revenue for the quarter increased 18% over last year to $620 million. Diluted earnings per share were $0.39 on a GAAP basis and $0.56 non-GAAP. Both revenue and EPS grew beyond our expectations. We also managed our operating expenses very well, stemming from initiatives we implemented in the first quarter.  Overall, we are very pleased with our performance in the quarter and I’ll get right into some of the highlights. By geography, our results varied. The Americas posted 4% growth for the quarter and there were a number of positive trends. We were pleased with the rebound we saw in our business in Canada and we posted a record quarter in Latin America. We also continued to make inroads with our government business in the U.S., where we posted solid results of federal agencies, state agencies, and city level departments.  We believe our business in the Americas has stabilized and we are taking actions to drive stronger performance going forward.  Outside of the Americas, our business in EMEA and Asia-Pacific continues to underpin our overall revenue growth. Combined, these regions increased 26% in the second quarter. Even at constant currency, this growth rate was 13% overall, with pockets of exceptional growth.  Revenue in our emerging markets grew 40% and represented 18% of our total revenue for the quarter.  Looking forward, our international business remains very strong. We are confident in our ability to maintain the momentum and volume of business we are winning internationally. Moving on to product performance, our model-based 3D design solutions -- Inventor, Revit, Civil 3D, NavisWorks, Robobat, and Moldflow -- posted solid results and increased 36% to $166 million.  3D revenue was 27% of total revenue for the quarter. Excluding Moldflow, our 3D solutions grew 31% to $159 million. We shipped over 36,000 commercial seats of these products.  During this quarter and going forward, we saw less correlation between revenue growth and seat growth, due to changes in our mix of geographies and products, proportion of maintenance in the user base, currency exchange rates, and average selling prices. Turning to our 2D products, revenue from 2D vertical products remained strong and increased 16% compared to the second quarter of fiscal 2008. AutoCAD grew a solid 12%, while LT grew 6%. LT growth was impacted by very strong sales in the first quarter, in advance of the price increase instituted with the release of AutoCAD LT 2009. In addition to delivering strong results for the quarter, we closed four small acquisitions, including REALVIZ, Kynogon, Square One Research, and Green Building Studio. The technologies acquired with these firms advance our base of robust solutions for visualization, simulation, and analysis, as well as technology used to create energy efficient buildings.  We also closed the acquisition of Moldflow in the quarter. This acquisition will augment our presence in the manufacturing industry. Moldflow has already made a meaningful contribution to our business and we believe there are abundant opportunities to provide a fully digital development process for plastic injection part and mold design. Before we take a closer look at the financials, I’ll give you an update on our CFO transition. As you may know, Al recently left the company. To date, we have narrowed the search to several highly qualified candidates and we are working our way through the interview and selection process. We are hopeful that we can identify and announce a candidate within the next month or so. In the meantime, we have a very deep bench of highly experienced people in our finance organization to bridge the transition. I think you all know Sue Pirri. She is leading our finance efforts, so I’ll turn the call over to her for a more detailed discussion of the results.
Sue Pirri: Thanks, Carl. Net revenue in the quarter was $620 million, an increase of 18% as reported and 10% constant currency. License revenue increased 12% to $440 million. Revenue from new seats grew 8% in the quarter. Total upgrade revenue, including cross-grade, increased 27%.  AutoCAD LT had an unusual impact on performance in both of these areas this quarter. New seat growth was impacted by the very strong sales of LT in the first quarter. Excluding LT, revenue from new seats grew 13% in the second quarter. Upgrade revenue was driven by an LT cross-grade promotion in sending customers to migrate from LT to any other Autodesk product. As an example of the program’s effectiveness, over half of the migrating LT seats moved to 3D. In addition, upgrade revenue was driven by a retirement promotion designed to get customers to upgrade to our most current products.  Maintenance revenue increased 36% in the quarter to $180 million. Combined, upgrade revenue and maintenance revenue increased 34%. Looking at the geographies, revenue in the Americas was $203 million, an increase of 4%. EMEA revenue was $267 million, an increase of 31% as reported and 15% constant currency. Revenue in Asia-Pacific was $115 million, an increase of 18% as reported and 11% constant currency. Breaking down revenue by segments, platform solution and emerging businesses had a good quarter, increasing revenue 12% to $270 million. Both AutoCAD and AutoCAD Map showed solid growth. AutoCAD LT revenue increased 6% this quarter; however, year-to-date LT revenue has grown 17%. Total revenue from our manufacturing solutions division increased 32% to $131 million. Moldflow, which was acquired during the quarter, contributed almost $7 million, which was higher than our expectations when we closed the transaction. We are pleased that their sales force was able to achieve these results with minimal disruption and finished the quarter strongly.  Excluding revenue from Moldflow, growth in manufacturing was 25%. Revenue from our Inventor family of products increased 28%. During the quarter, we shipped more than 10,000 commercial seats of Inventor and Moldflow, and approximately 56,000 seats of our manufacturing products in total. Our AEC segment increased revenue 21% to $144 million. Revenue from our Revit family of products grew 27%. We shipped approximately 26,000 commercial seats of Revit, Civil 3D, NavisWorks and Robobat. Once again, during this quarter and going forward, we saw less correlation between revenue growth and seat growth due to changes in our mix of geographies and products, proportion of the maintenance and user base, currency exchange rates, and average selling prices. Revenue from our media and entertainment segment was $69 million, an increase of 12%. Revenue from Advanced Systems increased 4%. Animation revenue saw continued strength, increasing 19% driven by 3DS Max. Moving to the rest of the income statement, gross margins were 90% on a GAAP basis and 91% non-GAAP. Operating expenses were $501 million GAAP, $449 million non-GAAP. Our operating margin was 19% GAAP and 28% non-GAAP.  Our tax rate in the quarter was 28% GAAP and 26% non-GAAP.  GAAP diluted earnings per share increased 3% to $0.39. Non-GAAP diluted EPS was $0.56, an increase of 27% over the second quarter of last year. At the end of the quarter, there were 225 million shares outstanding.  Compared to the second quarter of last year, the impact of foreign currency exchange rates was $42 million favorable on revenue and $11 million unfavorable on expenses. Compared to the first quarter, the foreign currency impact was $7 million favorable on revenue and had an immaterial impact on expenses. Turning to the balance sheet, cash and investments were $970 million. During the quarter, we issued 900,000 shares from employee stock plans, generating $15 million in cash. We did not repurchase any shares this quarter but as a reminder, we repurchased approximately 8 million shares in the first quarter.  Cash from operating activities increased 63% to $209 million. Deferred revenue was up 37% year-over-year to $563 million.  Unshipped product orders, or shippable backlog, increased $11 million sequentially to $29 million. Total backlog, including deferred revenue and unshipped product orders, was $591 million, an increase of $158 million over last year. Our channel inventory remains below three weeks. DSOs were 48 days this quarter, decreasing sequentially due to seasonally lower maintenance billings than last quarter. Now let’s talk about the rest of 2009; in preparing our guidance, we’ve considered the significant strengthening of the U.S. dollar versus other major currencies in the last few days. While we can’t predict where currency exchange rates will move in the future, we are confident in our currency assumptions for the third quarter, as we have already locked in those rates. For the fourth quarter, we believe it is prudent for us to be conservative than usual in our currency assumptions. As a result, if the dollar does not continue to strengthen, our estimates may prove to be overly conservative. For the third quarter, we expect our revenue to be in the range of $625 million to $635 million. GAAP earnings per diluted share are expected to be in the range of $0.40 and $0.42. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be between $0.54 and $0.56, excluding $0.07 related to stock-based compensation and $0.07 for the amortization of acquisition related intangibles. For the fourth quarter, we are assuming an increase in the underlying level of business relative to our previous guidance. We are also assuming that the U.S. dollar will continue to strengthen. As a result, we are now expecting our revenue to be in the range of $660 million to $680 million; GAAP earnings per diluted share are expected to be in the range of $0.52 and $0.56; non-GAAP EPS is expected to be between $0.64 and $0.68, excluding $0.08 related to stock-based compensation and $0.04 for the amortization of acquisition related intangibles. For fiscal year 2009, we expect our revenue to be in the range of $2.5 billion and $2.53 billion, which represents growth at 15% to 16%. Full year GAAP earnings per diluted share are now expected to be in the range of $1.72 and $1.78. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $2.24 and $2.30, excluding $0.29 related to stock-based compensation and $0.23 for the amortization of acquisition related intangibles and in-process research and development. Now, I’d like to turn the call back to Carl.
Carl Bass: Thanks, Sue. So to wrap things up, we had terrific execution in the second quarter. We have positioned ourselves well for future growth and for an eventual rebound in the U.S. economy. The strength of our products and our highly diversified model has allowed us to weather the headwinds in the U.S. and capitalize on the international markets, where we are seeing very strong growth.  We believe there are still untapped opportunities in all of our markets and we are working hard to realize them. We have close to $1 billion in cash, excellent cash flow, and very little debt.  The demand for our products remains strong and we are seeing an increase in our underlying business. We also continue to improve our competitive position by investing in our products, channels, and infrastructure.  Our strategy is working well and we are disciplined in its execution.  With that, I will turn it back over to the Operator so we can take your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) 
David Gennarelli: While the Operator is polling for questions, I would like to announce that Autodesk plans to attend the following upcoming conferences: the Citi Tech Conference in New York on September 4th; the Deutsche Bank Tech Conference in San Francisco on September 10th; and the Jefferies Tech Conference in New York on September 11th.  Operator, we are ready for questions. 
Operator: Our first question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer from Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Carl, for the second half of the year, would you be able to be a little bit more explicit about expectations for revenues from new seats? Those numbers have been decelerating the last few quarters from 20% in third quarter of last year -- sorry, in the 20s down to just 8% or so as you said in Q2. So what’s your thinking about that for the remainder of the year?  And secondly, notwithstanding the improvements in deferred maintenance revenue year over year, are there any signs at all in the Americas or any other geos of any deterioration in new attach rates or renewal rates, particularly in AEC?
Carl Bass: One is, Jay, we don’t really break down the revenue from new seats and we certainly don’t provide guidance on it, as you know. The only thing I’d say is if you look at the growth rate, the one thing that affected it a lot this time was LT, so you need to take that into account, and I think you’d be better if you look at it over maybe a six-month period, is actually a fair representation of what went on because of the -- you know, the anomaly of the price increase.  On the second question, we’re not seeing anything except maybe an increase in attach and renewal rates, and so we’re -- we’re not seeing I think what a lot of people surmised, which was somehow a down-turn in the economy was going to make people not renew their maintenance or attach maintenance -- no indication whatsoever of that.  
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: With the results thus far for the year, and with your comments about an improvement in the underlying business for the remainder of the year, what is the relationship of that, if any, to plans for channel capacity? That has been something you have been increasing for a while but does the environment or do your expectations alter in any way capacity plans geographically or vertically?
Carl Bass: I think it alters it somewhat. I mean, if you look at it, you’ve got to think about channel expansion as being a long-term thing anyhow. I always chuckle a little bit when I hear people thinking about building a channel in a year or you know, “Here’s our quarterly plan for expanding the channel”.  Managing the channel as well as managing the sales force is a long-term relationship and so I think you have to look at it that way. Having said that, I think there are some things going on in the economies of the world that are making us invest differentially; so for example, we are looking at emerging countries, seeing great results there. We can get immediate payback on our returns there so we are putting -- you know, we are dong more in putting our own headcounts as well as developing channel partners in the emerging economies and the places where the economies are strong.  I also see some opportunity in that as we look to expend our channel partners, some of the new channel partners come from people who have sold competing products. As some of our competitors weaken, the opportunity to get people to move over to sell our products increases, so I think we are a little bit more opportunistic in some of the places where the economy is more challenging.  So I think the overall strategy of increasing channel capability and capacity remains in place. I think tactically we are just going about it slightly different to reflect what is going on in the world.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: All right -- lastly, your Inventor unit count was down sequentially from a good Q1 and down somewhat year over year, which is similar to what PTC saw with Pro E and what Dassault saw with the SolidWorks being down sequentially, but it was a fairly large decrease nonetheless for Inventor. Could you comment on that and how you think that might possibly improve as the year plays out?
Carl Bass: I hate any comparison to Pro E but having said that, I think what we were trying to indicate in the prepared remarks a little bit is I think the dynamics around our products are changing. You really have to look at where those products are being sold, and so a product -- you know, a copy of Inventor sold in Vietnam is different than a copy of Inventor sold in Western Europe or the United States.  In developed economies, we are selling more seats. We have seen our ASPs steady to rising. We have seen the mix to higher priced products, and so we’re less focused on pure unit numbers and more focused on some of the other metrics, which we believe drives longer term success.  And what is interesting about it, as we move that way we are seeing others go to things like running promotions and doing two-for-one and three-for-one promotions. We found those to be particularly unsuccessful because the real measure is the adoption of the software. It’s not how many seats you can sell. There are a lot of ways companies can sell more seats.  The real important measures of what is the adoption -- and as I pointed out in the past, I think things like attach and renewal rates are a really good proxy for adoption, and I think if you look at some of the competition you mentioned, they are getting fonder and fonder of running promotional things but I don’t think the uptake in the customer base is anymore than it was before. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Thanks, Carl. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Ashley.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird : I just would like to ask a question first on the upgrade revenue -- a very nice increase year over year, the first increase we have seen in that in maybe almost a couple years and I’m wondering how we should look at that going forward. I understand you did run some promotions that were out of the norm this period, but how should we think about that upgrade revenue as we go forward?
Carl Bass: A couple things about it -- one, it was driven a lot by the LT promotion. One of the things we say repeatedly, I think you need to look at upgrades, cross-grades and subscription as one because I think that is the only meaningful thing. When you try to factor it, you run into oddball situations that I do not think is representative of the business. If you look at it collectively, you have a better understanding of what is going on in the customer base.  I think this is actually a case in point this quarter. We run the promotion, upgrades go up and so I think we have the ability to kind of turn those knobs and dials to do it. I would say most of what went on this quarter with the upgrades is really revolving around LT but I would say going forward, continue to measure us by looking at upgrades, cross-grades and subscriptions together.
Sue Pirri:  You know, Steve, within that line there’s two components that are actually trending differently -- upgrade revenue is trending down, although we had a strong, the pure upgrade portion of it had a strong quarter this quarter because of the focus on LT with a retirement promo. But the cross-grade part of it is something that over time should continue to grow.  So what we are seeing is two types of sales that we aggregate for financial reporting purposes that are actually trending in different directions.
Carl Bass: And really represent different phenomena in the customer base. 
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird : And then also, Carl, you mentioned you continue to have confidence in your international business. I was just wondering if you could give us anymore color on what kinds of things might be giving you some confidence looking out. Thank you.
Carl Bass: You know, as you guys know and we’ve shown you this a bunch, our business is fairly linear and so one of the best indicators of our business is what the business was the day before and the week before and the month before. One of the best indicators of the strength of our business going forward has been the strength over the last quarter and certainly over the last month, we saw strength there.  Some of it is really derived from looking inwards at the results we are producing, you know, and then -- you know, I looked this week, there was a French construction company that reported their public earnings and they in their construction sector had high-teens growth, 16% to 17% growth. Anecdotally, talking to customers their pipelines remain full and so we are seeing strong business and I think people have gotten a little bit too spooked, particularly when it gets to emerging economies. I think particularly in the emerging economies the idea that China is going to shut down after the Olympics or things like that, I don’t think there’s any basis in fact for that.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird : Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from Michael Olson from Piper Jaffray. Please proceed. 
Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray: Just a question on Europe -- the checks that we did really suggested that the U.K. was maybe seeing some challenges but the rest of Western Europe was doing pretty well. Can you just talk about more specifically which portions of Europe may be doing better than others? Thanks.
Carl Bass: We usually don’t break down Europe by country and I would say just generally speaking, month to month what is going on in a particularly country is not a really good indicator of what is going on.  Generally speaking, we have seen strength across Europe, strength across the emerging economies of Europe, so all in all we have seen a pretty strong -- and we’ve spent as much time scratching our heads trying to correlate it with what we read in the newspapers but from what we are seeing in our business, it is strong in Europe.
Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray: Okay, and maybe you’ll let me squeeze one in on the LT cross-grade promo; I know you guys have done this for a few years now. This year you raised prices on the promo, I believe, and it seemed to actually be more successful. Is that right? Why was the promo more successful this year?
Carl Bass: You know, honestly I don’t have a great reason why. I do believe that during more challenging times, customers are looking for a bargain and so they are trying to take advantage of the assets they have and so the LT cross-grade is a great way to take advantage of something you have already kind of put a down payment on.  And particularly what I thought was most interesting is what we were trying to point out, is that more than half the people moved to 3D, so that was the real future they were trying to get to and they were using this, as they had already made an installment payment. And you know, I think in less challenging times people are a little bit more care-free with their budget money and spend it a little bit more loosely.
Sue Pirri:  You know, Mike, I think there’s another thing that we’ve talked about a lot, is just in periods where people are not running at full capacity, they have time to make the transition in a way that they don’t when they are at 100% efficiency or 110% efficiency or something like that. So for those of our customers who are slower, this is a time where they are thinking I can make this transition that I have been waiting to do for a while.
Michael Olson - Piper Jaffray: Got it, thanks.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our next question comes from Sasa Zorovic from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed. 
A. Sasa Zorovic - Goldman Sachs: My question would be you mentioned 4% growth in the Americas, but then you highlighted that Canada was strong and Latin America was particularly strong. I guess that leaves one to wonder about the U.S. specifically, and so could you tell us really specifically what you are seeing in the United States and what gives you this confidence that this business is turning around?
Carl Bass: I would say what we really have said is that we think the business in the U.S. has stabilized. I don’t think we’re seeing a recovery yet. I think we see a stabilized business and I think we see pockets of good things happening.  We pointed out some of the things going on in our government that we thought were good. I think we’ve had other successes. I think we saw manufacturing remain stronger than we might have imagined in this kind of downturn but we are not predicting, nor is our guidance going forward predicated on an improving economy in the U.S., but we do think that our business has stabilized.
Sue Pirri:  And Sasa, you have to remember, the U.S. is the lion’s share of the Americas’ revenue, so despite strong quarters in those other areas, they are still very small relatively speaking.
A. Sasa Zorovic - Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Huang from Thinkpanmure. Please proceed.
Michael Huang - Thinkpanmure: You didn’t mention in this in the call but could you talk about how the anti-piracy efforts are going, including in the U.S.? Are these efforts trending better than you would have expected? And could you give us some sense for how much benefit you saw in Q2 from this program?
Carl Bass: I think our anti-piracy is a long-term program. It’s been going on for a long time. We continue to invest in it, we continue to expand it. And one of the things I would say is, particularly in the license compliance work we do, really hard to place it in a particular quarter. A lot of that stuff, you know, that can be nine months or twelve months worth of work and so we look at it more as a run-rate part of our business that’s continuing. And we are continuing to invest in it because we think it makes sense and still overall, if you look at the worldwide piracy rates, they are not changing.  Our business is benefiting greatly but we are not making a big dent in it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brendan Barnicle from Pacific Crest Securities. Please proceed.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities : I just wanted to follow-up on Moldflow and the acquisitions; the $7 million was a lot more than I had expected it to contribute. You briefly mentioned that the [inaudible] executed better than you had expected. Does that change your outlook on what Moldflow might contribute for the remainder of the year? Is that factored in the guidance?  And also, what should we expect in terms of contribution out of these four additional acquisitions that were done through the quarter? And do they symbolize more of a move to more like a vertical solution type of strategy on your part? 
Carl Bass: What I would say is first of all, Moldflow, it was more than we thought it would contribute. Moldflow is not a significant contributor to the guidance for the rest of the year. I think the sales force just finished strongly with the end of their fiscal year, you know, there was a changeover to a new company and so I think people brought in the business they could. 
Sue Pirri:  We actually didn’t change our assumptions about the rest of the year for Moldflow.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities : Great -- what about the new acquisitions?
Carl Bass: The other acquisitions are really small acquisitions. None of them contribute any material amount of revenue at all. These are really, really small acquisitions, almost entirely we did it to acquire certain technology. These things will come to fruition a year or two years from now.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities : And is this a strategy that gets you more verticalization, more specialization, like a Moldflow, and we should continue to watch for this type of strategy?
Carl Bass: Yeah -- I mean, I think we’ve been -- for a number of years, we’ve been really clear about the markets we are in. It’s manufacturers, it’s our architecture/engineering/construction business, our media and entertainment and we continue to be real focused on that.  In each of those, we want to provide our customers a more complete workflow that generally involves creation and design and engineering tools, as well as simulation analysis and visualization. A bunch of these are more down the simulation analysis and visualization but in almost every case, it’s really completing a workflow that our customers want.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities : Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brent Thill from Citi. Please proceed.
Brent Thill - Citigroup: Carl, your comment on everyone’s too spooked about the international markets, that’s just going to fall, go into a free-fall. When you look at the international markets, where do you still see the largest untapped opportunities that are easy to describe from this point?
Carl Bass: First of all, the emerging economies continue to grow fantastically well. We had another great quarter, but that’s quarter after quarter, year after year of good performance in the emerging economies. That clearly remains a big opportunity.  Like the question a little bit ago, anti-piracy continues to be a big deal and has -- you know, has more opportunity. I think there are places in the world in some of the even less emerging economies that still present a lot of opportunity for us but it’s not only there.  If you just look at international markets in general, our European business was very strong. Germany grew more than 50%, and these single data points are a little bit hard to rationalize when you hold it up against the newspaper but if you look at it over a period of time -- I mean, one of the things we talk about a lot is the diversification of our business. I think it is just important for people to remember that across industry, across geography, what diversification does, it does not mean everything is going to perform well but it also does not mean anything is ever going to perform all badly, and it’s really that mix that we see.  And so we continue to see pockets here, pockets there, but I still see the opportunity in Western Europe, other parts of Asia, and I think as the U.S. economy rebounds, I think there’s plenty of opportunity for us there.  The other thing we don’t spend a lot of time talking about but you’ve got to remember our market position -- we continue to be the upstarts in most of our markets, providing more value, lower cost than any of the competitors. And we do that in a kind of broad-based, [volume] way, easier-to-use products -- all the kinds of attributes that good times and bad times, kind of makes gravity on our side.  People are moving to these kind of solutions because they fit their needs better and at different times, I think it’s different drivers of our business but our market position remains strong and we’ve proven over time -- I mean, if you look at any of these markets, take the manufacturing market. If you look at the design/engineering business of our competitors, they grow in low single-digits and we’re talking about growth rates in the mid- to high-20s. I mean, it’s really a completely different dynamic that’s going on there.  So while the macroeconomic factors are really important to consider, I also think you need to consider the market position and our offerings against the backdrop of our portfolio, which is really broad-based and diversified.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Dunham from Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank: You did mention before the strong July, and I just wanted to get around the delta in terms of the guidance provided on the closure of Moldflow and the performance in July. I know that Moldflow exceeded expectations but how about the core business? What kind of linearity was there?  And if that was really an acceleration in business momentum, how much of that are you factoring in going forward, given as you mentioned in your guidance that that embeds continued strengthening in the dollar for Q4?
Carl Bass: All of our comments are really leaving Moldflow out of the equation. I think our linearity didn’t change much through the quarter, although I would say we felt real strength in the business towards the end of the quarter. And when we look at the beginning of this quarter and the forecast and what the people in the field are saying, we feel good about this quarter going forward, but we did see strength at the end of the quarter.
Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank: I guess I don’t recall you guys ever being as conservative now with, or putting the language in on that, the foreign exchange. Typically you don’t guide -- but what’s the difference today and why did you feel that you needed to cite that on the call?
Carl Bass: That’s a great question. We almost never talk about currency. It never is a big factor in us preparing our guidance or thinking about it. We generally try to be kind of conservative and we’ve talked about the methodology of looking at the spot rate and building in a little bit of buffer to make sure.  I think what got to us is seeing that kind of precipitous drop in a single day, and I think if you would look, a lot of the markets, whether it’s in commodities or in currency, there are just things going on out there where I think the movement could be more than ever before.  We don’t have a hedging strategy in place that accounts for things more than three months out. We just thought it could affect the outcome more than ever before, and so given that, we wanted to make sure we were conservative about it and particularly in this environment, we felt there was really very little upside in going any further than that.
Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank: Makes sense, thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ross MacMillan from Jefferies. Please proceed.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies: Two, if I could; just a quick one first -- did you see any disruption in China due to the earthquake?
Carl Bass: No. First of all, most of our business is in the other part of China. It’s much more along the eastern, the seaboard. I think it was disruptive to our employees there but I think overall, there was no disruption in business because of the earthquake.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies: And then just on the currency point, I think in the first half of this year, you’ve had about a three percentage point benefit to margin, operating margin because of FX. And I can understand you’ve taken that into account as we look through later this year. How are you thinking about, on the assumption that let’s say the dollar stays where it is, or even strengthens a bit -- what you think about doing on the cost side, as clearly that benefit will unwind really more next year than this year? How are you thinking about that as you are thinking about next year?
Carl Bass: We’re not doing anything about next year right now. We are obviously looking at it and thinking about it but I think the guidance we have given for our long-term business is in place. I’d say what we’ve been doing around talking about long-term CAGRs of 15%, increasing operating margins 100 basis points a year -- all of that remains in place and we will manage that as we have so far, around whatever fluctuations in currency there are. 
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Phil Winslow from Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse: Most of my questions have been answered, but just two quick ones; first was just what are your assumptions for Q3 and Q4 as far as the headwind to revenue growth there? Are we shaving a point or two off year over year? Just more detail there would be great.  And also, if you could comment on Europe, what you are seeing just by vertical over there, if there’s any difference between manufacturing, architectural, et cetera.
Carl Bass: In Q3 and Q4, like I said, we continue to think our business is strong. If you look at our overall guidance, there are two things affecting our outlook on the world. One is what’s going on with currency, which we just spent plenty of talking about what we think about currency, and this clearly affects it a considerable amount.  I think the other thing is if we assume that the U.S. continues at the rate it’s grown at, so an Americas growth rate of 4% -- just algebraically, that has a huge impact. So it’s way beyond 1% or 2% growth points on both currency and the underlying business. But those are the two things that are weighing on our mind.  As you get to the second question, we are not seeing any dramatic difference in the business in Europe that I would consider a trend yet. Like I said, we assume when we see a particular country with a particular vertical in one quarter, but nothing special long-term -- nothing worthy of calling out at this point; just underlying strength in the business.
Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Richard Davis from Needham & Company. Please proceed.
Richard Davis - Needham & Company: When you guys made your acquisition of Moldflow, you’ve to some degree increased the complexity of the product line that you are selling, and historically you’ve gone through channel partners and stuff like that. How do you think about the fact that you -- I mean, this is a good thing to make the product a suite-oriented product, and you talked about business flows and things like that, but how do you think about managing the channel, managing the multiple sales forces that you have, at least for a while, and those kind of things?
Carl Bass: I think it’s the evolution. It’s the progression we have to go through as our businesses get more vertical.  I mean, the first thing is, people forget that 15%, 17% of our business goes through a direct sales force all the time, so it’s a fairly large software business being run through a direct sales force just in and of itself.  But what we see is when we bring in new vertical products, as we’ve talked about, the reason we generally acquire them is that we see that they have more mainstream appeal, and that we want to put them into more broad products, incorporate them through suites or other means, incorporate the technology in there.  So over a short period of time, we will continue to manage them in a standalone basis but over time, we blend the products into more complete solutions, and it’s all with an eye towards what we would think of as getting towards volume.  And you’ve seen us do similar things with the Alias acquisition, where we try to improve upon the business as is but then we actually try to bring what’s unique about Autodesk to it and add the reach that we have in our channel, the ability to combine it with other products, to really add what I would consider real synergy and positive synergies, rather than the kind of things that people talk about when they bring two companies together.
Richard Davis - Needham & Company: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sunil [Dapdrinder] from Sentinel Asset Management. Please proceed.
Sunil Dapdrinder - Sentinel Asset Management: Carl, about the new seat growth that was weak, is it possible to give where geographically where the seat growth was weak?  And my second question was in the architectural construction market, in the emerging economies you see lot of reports coming in the papers these days that the real estate market is cooling off. Are you seeing any effect on your business in those markets?
Carl Bass: We don’t break down the new seat growth but once again, I would just point out, remember about the LT number; if you take LT out or you look at this over two quarters, you will see strong new seat growth and I think that’s a healthier way of looking at it.  When you look to the emerging economies in AEC, it’s funny -- people talk about a slow-down in some of these economies but that may mean a GDP that’s growing at 9% going to a GDP that’s growing at 7%. And along with that, there is still a need for the build-out of infrastructure, and so when an economy growing at 5% to 7% with massive moves towards urbanizing the population, so people moving, moving to the cities, you continue to see a large market for AEC both on the building side and on the infrastructure side.
Sunil Dapdrinder - Sentinel Asset Management: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sterling Auty from J.P. Morgan. Please proceed.
Analyst for Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan: It’s [Sakhit] here for Sterling -- just two questions, if I can; first, it feels like the operating margin for next quarter at the midpoint of the EPS guidance is flat to maybe even down slightly, so I was wondering if you could explain that.  And then secondly, Sue, last quarter Al had talked about embedding a 12-month rolling average for FX rates in the second-half, sort of being a little bit more conservative. I just wanted to know if your new assumptions are more conservative or roughly the same. Thank you.
Sue Pirri:  Well, with regard to FX, our new assumptions are more conservative. We’ve actually -- our previous process was to look at the spot rate, look forward, justify them against the numbers that we had seen in the past, and as we looked forward, especially after seeing a seven-point drop one day last week and a little up-tick and then some more down this week, we felt like we really needed to be more conservative than that looking forward, particularly with a mind for that fourth quarter.  With regard to the operating margin, we did see revenue out-performance this quarter, which drove our margin higher than we expected. Our margin for the third quarter is in line with the numbers that we have given. Typically, our biggest margin quarter is the fourth quarter, as you’d see this quarter and what you need to remember is that the business this year, the core business is in line for that 28% margin. Clearly we’ve layered on top some dilution from Moldflow, which impacts that, as we do the integration this year.
Analyst for Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan: Thank you.
Operator: At this time, there are no more questions. 
David Gennarelli: All right. Thanks for joining us this afternoon. If you have any further questions, you can reach me, Dave Gennarelli, at 415-507-6033. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2009 Q1  (2008-05-15 17:00:00) =====
Executives: David Gennarelli - Director of Investor Relations  Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director Alfred Castino - Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird  Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch Andrew Matorin - Bear Stearns Vic Taramedi - Lehman Brothers  Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities  A. Sasa Zorovic - Goldman Sachs Heather Bellini - UBS Gene A. Munster - Piper Jaffray Brent Thill - Citigroup Ross MacMillan - Jefferies Robert Becker - Argus Research Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank Atol Baga - Penmore
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the first quarter 2009 Autodesk Incorporated earnings conference call. My name is Eric and I will be your coordinator for today. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn your presentation over to your host for today’s call, Mr. David Gennarelli, Director of Investor Relations. Please proceed. 
David Gennarelli: Thanks, Operator. Good afternoon and thank you for joining our conference call to discuss our first quarter fiscal 2009. With me today are Carl Bass, our Chief Executive Officer; and Al Castino, our Chief Financial Officer. Today’s conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available by webcast at Autodesk.com/investor.  During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the future financial performance of the company, our guidance for the second and third quarters of fiscal 2009 and full year fiscal 2009, the factors we used to estimate our guidance for those periods, our future business prospects and revenue growth, our market opportunities, trends for our products and trends for various geographies and the anticipated benefits of acquisitions, such as the proposed acquisition of Moldflow Corporation.  We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results might differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time to time with the SEC, specifically our 10-K for fiscal year 2008 and our periodic 8-K filings, which includes the 8-K filed with today’s press release. These documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in our forward-looking statements.  The forward-looking statements made during this call are being made as of today’s earnings call. If this call is replayed or reviewed after today, the information presented during the call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements.  In adherence with the regulation Fair Disclosure, Autodesk will provide quarterly information and forward-looking guidance in its quarterly financial press release and this publicly announced conference call. We will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum.  During the call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures will be provided either on this conference call or can be found in today’s press release and made available on our website.  In addition, we will quote a number of percentage increases as we discuss our financial performance. Unless otherwise noted, each percentage represents the growth rate of the first quarter of fiscal 2009 as compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2008. And with that, I would like to turn it over to Carl Bass. 
Carl Bass: Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us. Today Autodesk reported another solid quarter of financial results. Revenue for the quarter increased 18% over last year to $599 million. Diluted earnings per share were $0.41 on a GAAP basis and $0.50 non-GAAP.  Growth in our international geographies continues to underpin our overall revenue growth. Revenue from outside the United States increased by 24% as reported and 13% at constant currency. While favorable currency exchange rates help fuel this growth, even at constant currency our overall business outside of the United States remains healthy and continues to grow.  As we outlined in our investor day, the booming economies in emerging markets represent significant opportunities for Autodesk. In total, revenue from emerging economies increased by a robust 41% and represented 17% of our total revenue for the quarter. As we broaden our presence in these regions, I believe we will be able to further capitalize on this growth opportunity.  Revenue from new commercial seats grew 23% in the quarter, which is a good indicator that our products remain in strong demand. Another key driver for our business is the growth of the 3D design market. Our revenue from 3D solutions increased 37% to $146 million and was 24% of total revenue. During the quarter, we shipped over 35,000 commercial seats of our model-based 3D design products, Inventor, Revit, Civil 3D, and NavisWorks. That represents about a 9% increase and is in line with seasonal patterns.  The 3D market represents a significant growth opportunity for Autodesk and we believe that we will continue to penetrate this market over time.  As important as the 3D market is to our future growth, our core 2D solutions are maintaining very healthy growth rates, led by very strong contribution from AutoCAD LT. The large base of Autodesk 2D customers are typically our best prospects to become users of our 3D solutions.  It’s important to note that regardless of how pervasive 3D solutions become in the future, 2D solutions like AutoCAD will continue to be a relevant and essential part of the design world.  Turning to our business in the Americas region, as expected the U.S. continued to face economic headwinds. This region posted 4% growth, which I believe is respectable given the current economic environment in the U.S. As I noted last quarter, over the past 18 months we have put programs in place to help stimulate demand and we are seeing many positive data points stemming from these actions.  For example, in the first quarter of fiscal 2009 in the Americas, we experienced nice growth in new commercial seats, a modest rebound in Latin America, and strong growth in subscriptions. What’s more, we managed to increase our subscription attach and renewal rates.  Additionally, we are seeing a strong increase in our business with government agencies in the U.S., especially the federal government. This is the result of a more focused effort we initiated a few quarters ago and we believe we can further increase our presence in this area. While we can’t control or predict the length of the current economic slowdown in the U.S., our experience shows that our products improve the productivity and competitiveness of our customers, and I believe that our results indicate that such a message resonates even more in times of economic weakness.  Overall I am pleased with our results this quarter and the continued momentum in our business. Now I’d like to turn the call over to Al for a detailed discussion of the financial results. 
Alfred Castino: All right, thanks, Carl. Net revenue was $599 million, an increase of 18% as reported and 10% at constant currency. Breaking it down, license revenue increased 13% to $432 million and maintenance revenue increased 33% to $167 million. Combined, upgrade revenue and maintenance revenue increased 16%. As expected, upgrade revenue decreased 14%.  Breaking down revenue by geography, revenue in the Americas was $191 million, an increase of 4%. EMEA revenue was $259 million, an increase of 25% as reported and 11% constant currency. As we enter the second quarter, we are feeling good about our EMEA business, both in the emerging countries and in the core European markets.  Revenue in Asia-Pacific was $149 million, an increase of 27% as reported and 18% constant currency. Japan had another quarter of strong performance led by healthy growth in AutoCAD LT, AutoCAD, and Inventor.  Before I get into the results by division, I want to note that we will be making a change to how we report our segments in our SEC filings. Last year Autodesk had two reportable segments, the design solutions segment and the media and entertainment segment. Effective at the start of our fiscal year 2009, the operating results of our segments will track our four divisions.  Looking at our divisions, platform solutions and emerging businesses had a solid quarter, increasing revenue 11% to $278 million. Growth was led by very robust sales of AutoCAD LT, which grew 28%. AutoCAD grew 3% in the quarter. In total, our horizontal and 2D products grew 14%.  Total revenue from our manufacturing solutions division increased 26% to $119 million, once again far exceeding the growth of the entire market. Revenue from Inventor increased 25%. During the quarter, we shipped more than 11,500 commercial seats of Inventor and approximately 46,000 total seats of our manufacturing products.  AEC revenue increased 29% to $129 million. Revenue from our Revit family of products was very strong with an increase of 61%. We shipped approximately 24,000 commercial seats of Revit, Civil 3D, and NavisWorks.  Revenue from our media and entertainment division was $67 million, an increase of 14%. Animation revenue increased 23%. The migration of our advanced systems solutions off of SGI hardware to mainstream systems is now largely complete. The change had substantially improved the advanced systems gross margin but we expect this portion of our M&E business to remain fairly low growth. Revenue from advanced systems increased 3%.  Moving to the rest of the income statement, gross margins were 90% on a GAAP basis and 91% on a non-GAAP basis. Operating expenses were $479 million GAAP and $447 million non-GAAP.  As we previously announced, operating expenses include approximately $9 million of cost reduction initiatives, including prioritization of projects and resource reorganization. We believe these initiatives will aid future growth of the company and strengthen our financial position.  Our operating margin was 20% GAAP and 25% non-GAAP. Our tax rate in the quarter was 25% GAAP and 26% non-GAAP. GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.41. Non-GAAP diluted EPS was $0.50. At the end of the quarter, there were 224 million total shares outstanding.  While it’s clear the favorable exchange rates have aided our revenue growth, it’s the strength of the business that allows us to sell our product in local currency in many parts of the world. We believe this also helps to lower the underlying volatility in our business.  Compared to the first quarter of last year, the foreign currency impact was $41 million favorable in revenues and $14 million unfavorable on expenses. Compared to last quarter, the foreign currency impact was $14 million favorable on revenues and $5 million unfavorable on expenses.  Turning to the balance sheet, cash and investments were $950 million. During the quarter, we issued 1.6 million shares from employee stock plans, generating $35 million in cash. We used $257 million to buy back 8 million shares. We drew down $40 million on our line of credit, primarily to help fund the stock repurchase.  Cash generated from operating activities decreased 4% to $185 million, due primarily to the payments of commissions and bonuses during the quarter. Total deferred revenues increased 9% or $44 million sequentially to $550 million. Deferred maintenance revenues increased $40 million sequentially and $130 million over the first quarter of last year, as we successfully drove strong maintenance results.  Unshipped product orders, or shippable backlog, were up sequentially to $18 million. Total backlog, including deferred revenues and unshipped product orders, was $567 million, an increase of $149 million over last year.  Channel inventory remains below three weeks. Day sales outstanding was 51 days this quarter, a eight day decrease from last quarter due to a smaller increase in the deferred revenue balance, as well as improvements in billings linearity.  Now let’s turn to guidance -- for the first quarter of fiscal 2009, we expect our revenue to be in the range of $600 million to $610 million. GAAP earnings per diluted share are now expected to be in the range of $0.40 and $0.42, and non-GAAP EPS is expected to be between $0.52 and $0.54, and excludes $0.09 related to stock-based compensation expense and $0.03 for amortization of acquisition related intangibles.  For the third quarter of the fiscal year, we expect our revenues to be in the range of $605 million to $620 million. GAAP earnings per diluted share are expected to be in the range of $0.42 and $0.45, and non-GAAP EPS is expected to be between $0.53 and $0.56, and excludes $0.09 related to stock-based compensation expense and $0.02 for the amortization of acquisition related intangibles.  Our guidance by quarter is in line with historical quarterly allocation patterns for both revenue and earnings.  For fiscal year 2009, we are reaffirming our expectations of net revenue in the range of $2.45 billion and $2.50 billion, which represents growth of 13% to 15%. Full year GAAP earnings per diluted share are now expected to be in the range of $1.78 and $1.88. non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $2.20 and $2.30, and excludes $0.32 related to stock-based compensation expense and $0.10 for amortization of acquisition related intangibles.  On May 1st, we announced our intent to acquire Moldflow Corporation. We believe Moldflow will contribute approximately $30 million to our net revenues in fiscal year ’09 and decrease [inaudible] GAAP diluted earnings per share by approximately $0.10 per diluted share. We now believe it will be dilutive to fiscal year ’09 by up to $0.03 per diluted share on a non-GAAP basis; however, we believe this still fits within our stated non-GAAP guidance of between $2.20 and $2.30 for full year fiscal 2009.  Assuming the Moldflow acquisition is completed in the second calendar quarter of 2008, Autodesk expects this transaction to be dilutive to our GAAP diluted earnings per share by between $0.07 and $0.08 in the second quarter. We expect this transaction to be dilutive to non-GAAP diluted earnings per share by between $0.01 and $0.02 the second quarter of fiscal 2009 excluding $16 million related to the write-off of IP R&D and amortization of acquisition related intangibles.  Let me turn it back to Carl. 
Carl Bass: Thanks, Al. As Al just mentioned, we’ve announced our intent to acquire Moldflow Corporation, a leading provider of simulation software used to optimize the design of injection molded plastic parts in molds. We are very excited about this as we believe the plastics market represents an important and complementary opportunity. The combination of solutions will enable Autodesk to provide suppliers in the automotive, electronics, healthcare and consumer products markets with a fully digital development process for plastic injection part and mold design.  So to wrap things up, we are tuning our business to meet the current market conditions. We will continue to work through the economic headwinds in the U.S. and capitalize on growth markets in our international regions. We will also continue to work hard to shape the evolution of industry design trends, such as digital prototyping and BIM, where Autodesk's product portfolio is very strong.  Our results this quarter continue to demonstrate the strength and stability we enjoy as a result of our diversified business. The real beauty of our diversity is that we don’t necessarily need every facet of our business or every geography to be hitting on all cylinders in order to meet or exceed our growth objectives.  Lastly, as we announced a couple of weeks ago, Al has decided to step down in order to take some time off, spend more time with his family, and pursue his many outside interest. Al has been a key contributor to our financial success over the course of his six-year tenure and we greatly appreciate his efforts. We wish him nothing but the best.  We have commenced the search for a successor but Al will be staying on as we go through this process.  With that, I will turn it back over to the Operator so we can take your questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird : Carl, in your prepared remarks, you talked about implementing some programs domestically to help stimulate demand and that they were bearing fruit. I was wondering if you might be able to give us some more color on that. 
Carl Bass: It’s a number of things we’ve been doing, some are just accelerating some of the programs we had in place, making sure people were considering our 3D products, talked a little bit about our government initiatives. So we are just trying to be a little bit more sensitive to the market. We talked about some things going on in Latin America as well, which is an emerging region that we report in our Americas. So we are just looking for the opportunities there while the economy stabilizes and hopefully picks up towards the second half of the year. 
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird : And then can I ask a quick housekeeping question for Al -- 
Carl Bass: The Operator’s going to shoot you, but it’s okay with me. 
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird : Okay, just what kind of assumptions are you making on currency and maybe Euro exchange rates for your full-year guidance, Al?
Alfred Castino: As we’ve told you before, on the guidance, we always back off like a few cents for the next quarter, just to be conservative. In the second half, as I mentioned at investor day, I am still not assuming we get rates that are in the range we are at today. I’m looking at more like a 12-month moving average and assuming it looks more like that in the second half. So time will tell but these are historically high rates and I’m gun-shy about assuming that those continue into the second half. 
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird : Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Carl, in your prepared remarks, notwithstanding the overall limited growth in the Americas, you were suggesting that subscriptions remained healthy, both new and renewals. Was that true across the business divisions or was AEC an exception?
Carl Bass: No, I think it was true across geographies and across divisions. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Okay. Looking out over the rest of the year, what are the upward biases in terms of spending priorities? Particularly in sales and marketing, either geographically or vertically -- where do you think you will accelerate or most increase your spending in any targeted ways?
Carl Bass: Well, you know, there’s a couple of areas that we will, you know -- one is when you look at it geographically, we’ve talked a long time about as our business has continued to grow, we need to build out the capability and capacity of our channel. We do that in many ways. When you look there -- certainly we see a bias towards some of the emerging economies. You know, we talked about the results from those emerging economies. We continue to be under-represented, we believe, relative to the opportunity that those markets present for us so we will continue to do things like that.  I think in a number of other areas when you look at it more from an industry perspective, I think the products that are in our 3D categories, things that serve building information modeling, our digital prototyping initiatives, the stuff we are doing with games and film in the media and entertainment markets, those are places you know, so more of the cutting edge stuff, which seems to be a little bit less susceptible to the economic pressures. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: All right, and finally on LT, that had a substantial year-over-year increase. Did you see, however, any adverse effects on unit run-rates, or was most or all of the increase as a result of the price increase?
Alfred Castino: The price increase took effect during the quarter, so we did not even have an entire quarter of it, so it contributed but it was primarily just organic growth excluding the price increase at this point. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Okay, thanks, Al. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Matorin with Bear Stearns. Please proceed.
Andrew Matorin - Bear Stearns: Thank you very much. Just a couple of questions on the 3D commercial seat numbers and subscription adoption numbers. It looks like on the 3D side, it looks like the growth in the sales of new seats has maybe plateaued somewhat. I’m wondering if you can talk about that to some degree. On the flip side, it seems like there is an acceleration of adoption on subscription over the last couple of quarters, with over 100,000 adds to your subscription rolls this quarter. What is driving that? If you can talk to specific programs that you are running or anything else that you are seeing out there with your customer base that’s driving this kind of acceleration of adoption there?
Carl Bass: So a couple of things -- on the new seats, you know, as always let me just caution you at the beginning of this not to make too much out of one data point, but I would say what we saw this time is volume was at a consistent level, our ASPs have been consistent or rising. So the interesting thing is to think about our prices going up, particularly in this economic environment, and still being able to hold steady on the volume. I wouldn’t put too much into yet until we look out over several quarters and see that that’s really true and it really differs -- 3D product by country really varies a lot, and so there’s a lot that goes into that.  On the subscription side, I think one of the things that’s becoming true is people are more accustomed to buying software this way from us. This was a radical change we introduced a number of years ago, the way people bought it. We certainly got the early adopters to do it and now I think it’s just becoming a regular way to do it. It is the more natural way to buy our software as the programs have been moved to support that.  I think one of the other things that we’ve done is we become better at the execution of our subscription program. You know, we’ve looked around the world at the places where we do things particularly well and try to copy those things into other places. You know, and there’s still a -- there’s still a range of performance across our different countries in terms of our subscription performance when measured by attach and renewal, so we look in countries and see what we do best and then we try to copy that in other places.  So a number of things that we are doing programmatically, a number of things we are doing to unify it to bring the best to bear. 
Alfred Castino: The other thing to keep in mind though is growth in commercial new seats for 3D was in the 30s, so there’s really nothing to apologize for. If it plateaus at that level for a long time, we’ll be very happy. 
Andrew Matorin - Bear Stearns: Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Vic [Taramedi] with Lehman Brothers. Please proceed.
Vic Taramedi - Lehman Brothers : Just a question on the Americas -- should we expect the Americas revenue to steadily accelerate over the next couple of quarters? Maybe you can give us some color on that and especially given some of the new programs you have put in place.  And then lastly, Al, maybe if you can perhaps give us a little bit more color in terms of your FX assumptions against the Euro in terms of how are you protecting guidance going forward? And then I just have one follow-up. 
Carl Bass: We’re not willing to break out the forecast by geography. We haven’t historically done that and also, I’m in no better position than any of you to tell you what the economy is going to look like in the U.S. in the fourth quarter this year.  Having said that, I think there are two interesting things to look at. One is there seems to be some stabilization. We saw it this quarter in the performance. We hear it anecdotally from our customers that they are getting back to doing business, that they think it may have bottomed out. We hope that’s right.  I mean, I think the other thing and one of the reasons not to forecast is that there is some clear link between a weak dollar and the weak U.S. economy and when things move the other way, I think we’ll see this kind of tie trait with our European business seeing less benefit from currency as the dollar strengthens and the U.S. economy gets better. 
Alfred Castino: And what I would add to that is as I mentioned in the past, we never try to predict the economy in doing our guidance, so we are assuming the kind of economy we see in Americas is what we are going to see for the time period of our guidance, and that’s consistent with our outlook. It’s really no different than what we’ve talked about for the last month, starting with investor day.  On the foreign currency for the Euro, so as I mentioned earlier, we always take the spot rate on the guidance, we back off several cents, say $0.02 to $0.03 for the current quarter’s guidance and mainly just to have a little bit of room in case it moves on us right away. Then as we get into the second half though, I am not doing that because I feel like a rate in the mid-150s is historically high, so we backed off from that in the second half in doing our guidance and I’m assuming it’s closer to the 12-month moving average and if you calculate that, you will get something that is below 150. 
Vic Taramedi - Lehman Brothers : Okay, great and then just a quick follow-up on Japan -- you mentioned Japan was strong in LT and AutoCAD and Inventor. Do you expect that in Japan that we should get more traction from some of the other 3D products because that historically has been more of an LT and AutoCAD-centric arena?
Carl Bass: It certainly has been historically more AutoCAD and LT-centric. We think we will see more business in the Revit and Civil 3D. 
Alfred Castino: They had a good Inventor quarter also, so we are getting some traction in Inventor in Japan. 
Vic Taramedi - Lehman Brothers : Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brendan Barnicle with Pacific Crest Securities. Please proceed.
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Thanks a lot. Carl, I was wondering if you had any way of breaking out the contribution you are starting to get from Civil in what I’ll call like the 3D add-on products, things like BIM and Visualization, things that have been newer initiatives? Any just ballpark sense on what kind of percentage contribution those products produce?
Carl Bass: No, you know -- I mean, we have a number of ways that we add to the capabilities of our products. Some comes through our organic development and some comes through M&A. When we do that development or we acquired technology, some of it we build into existing products, some we build as add-on products, some we build, you know, we sell as new and complementary products.  Really hard to look at it that way. What we hope to encourage by this is seeing customers buying groups of our products, and we talked a little bit at investor day about in the future offering bundles that allow people to do this more conveniently. But what we are interested in people using more of our solutions, improving the workflow and the dataflow between those products to make sure that a user of one product is more inclined to buy one of our other products. 
Alfred Castino: It’s really tough to separate but you know, MAX had another great quarter and it’s turning to pretty good strength. And we know from data we collect that a lot of that’s going to design customers doing visualization, so that trend is continuing and strong but it’s pretty tough for us to separate impacts like this. 
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: I guess another way of looking at it though is you gave us the animation numbers so on that part, we can roll that through but when we think about BIM and some of the other pieces, are those included when you give us 3D revenue as part of that 3D revenue item? And would that be attributing to some of the ASP increase? 
Carl Bass: Yeah, so you would see BIM on the 3D products. I mean, when you think about BIM, you should certainly think about the Revit family and then things like NavisWorks would be in there. The recent acquisition of Robobat -- that would be something that would be part of our BIM things. When you look at digital prototyping, it’s a slightly wider cast of products. When you look out there, it’s not only the Inventor family, it’s things like AutoCAD Mechanical, products like Alias Studio and Showcase. So that’s -- I mean, that’s a little bit of a larger family of products and to support digital prototyping, but as Al pointed out correctly, we have products that are used across all of our markets, like MAX that’s used extensively in visualization, as well as in the creation of content for games and film. Very different users using the same product. The same thing would be true for Maya and some of our other visualization products.  And I think if you want to think of it going forward, visualization will always be harder to break out as being slightly more horizontal technology. The analysis and simulation products on a going forward basis will be a little bit clearer because they are better aligned with specific industries. 
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Great, thanks. And Carl, just quickly on the Moldflow guidance, you mentioned the impact to EPS. Can you give us any ballpark figures on what it may do in terms of revenue?
Alfred Castino: I actually provided that. Just to be clear, when I gave you the guidance by quarter, that was without Moldflow and at the very end of my prepared remarks, I talked about Moldflow in terms of [next year] and how it would it would impact our numbers and that can change by when we close the transaction.  But assuming we close it late this quarter, it would contributed about $30 million of revenue for the year and that’s after a deferred revenue write-down, which hits heavily in the first six months of an acquisition, so that’s where I talked about it. That $30 million that come from Moldflow, that’s not in that revenue range I gave you of 2.45 to 2.5, the same range we had at investor day. It would be in addition to that but it can vary according to when we close the deal. 
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Right, right, I understand that but you had mentioned Q2 and you had given us where you thought the EPS dilution would come from. Can you give us any more -- and I understand that depends on when it closes but there must be some sort of revenue assumption that’s around that $0.01 to $0.02 dilution in Q2. 
Alfred Castino: It would not produce much revenue in Q2. The deferred revenue write-down hits pretty heavily in that very first quarter of the transaction. But yeah, we are not going to break it that finely and again, it changes dramatically according to what day we actually close the transaction, especially the revenue number changes dramatically, so yeah, we are not ready to do that. 
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sasa Zorovic with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
A. Sasa Zorovic - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. I actually wanted to ask specifically about sort of growth within North America as the region, so if you could tell us specifically about the U.S. and I remember the last quarter, there were a couple of little issues regarding Canada and Mexico, that they were declining. Has that sort of turned around? But really more specifically about the United States per se. 
Carl Bass: You know, we reported results for the U.S. I don’t see any big difference between what’s going on in Canada and what’s going on in the United States. We see more similarity than differences there. I think in both cases, business improved marginally so it grew 5%, in that range, and so it’s an improvement over the prior quarter in terms of growth rate. Still not back to historical levels of growth but I don’t see a big discrepancy between any of the conditions that exist in Canada and the U.S. for the most part.  I mean, Mexico is clearly a very different kind of country in which to do business, whether you look at it from a standard of living and the cost we charge for our software. If you look at license compliancy rates in Mexico versus North America and Canada, so it looks -- Mexico looks more like the rest of Central and South America, while Canada and the U.S. are very similar, with small differences where Canada is more resource rich and you see more of our business going to things like natural resources, whereas in the U.S. it’s still a stronger manufacturing environment. 
A. Sasa Zorovic - Goldman Sachs: And then secondly regarding the strong emerging markets growth, I know that it’s probably difficult to quantify but have you seen sort of a similar benefit from improved compliance rates, as this was the case in the past several quarters?
Carl Bass: Yeah, I mean, I think when you look at emerging economies, a substantial amount of the improvement in business comes from better license compliance. It’s really, really hard to figure out because people typically don’t come forward and volunteer that I’m buying your software and I used to steal it. And so it’s really hard for us to know but we certainly see a correlation between as we increase our efforts at license compliance, we see more revenue in those places. So it will continue to be a part of it but you know, the thing to remember is while license compliance is really a very important part of how we think about emerging markets. I mean, these economies really are on fire. There’s a tremendous amount of development of new industry, there’s a build-out of infrastructure, new buildings, and we also have to recognize that there are opportunities for us to get our software to people who have never used it before. That may mean people who are new to the market because in those places, the job pool is growing dramatically and in many places, it also means winning share from our competitors. So we will continue to do that as well as the license compliance but these economies really are red hot and there’s a lot of economic development and we want to take advantage of it in all facets. 
A. Sasa Zorovic - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with UBS. Please proceed.
Heather Bellini - UBS: Great. Thank you. I have two questions for you, Carl. The first one is you mentioned programs that you are putting in place in the U.S. to spur demand. I was just wondering if you are doing something similar in Europe to get in front of any potential slowdown that could emerge in that region? And then I just had a follow-up. 
Carl Bass: So right now, we’ve done a number of things in the U.S. I would say we are not as -- one is we haven’t been concerned about Europe. We’ve actually felt good about the business that is going on in Europe. I think it’s an ongoing part of running our business. We are constantly looking for programmatic things we can do, systematic things we can do, so there are smaller improvements. In the U.S., it was just much more dramatic. But you know, we talked a little bit even at investor day about our three-to-one initiatives, which is really taking the best programs from the Americas to Europe and visa-versa, as well as blending in Asia.  So we are really taking the things that we do best. One of the things that we find is while there is significant cultural and language differences around the world, the behavior of our customers is in the end very, very similar and most of the programs that work in one place work well in the other. And so more of the effort has been in taking the best, whether that’s around a subscription program as we saw or how we approach governments and taking that, or how we work with educational institutions and having a unified approach across the world to it. 
Alfred Castino: There is one thing I would point out in Europe though is that our hottest geos by far are the emerging markets in Europe, and so we are definitely investing more heavily there. We are opening more offices. We are putting more channel support there. So we see that as an area that is relatively unaffected by the economy. It is just an area where we are under-invested, we are under-covered, and we get great pay-back as we put money there. So we are investing more heavily there right now. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Okay, great. And then I just had one follow-up; I mean, obviously you guys had [a very good] performance this quarter in a tough macro environment and I guess Carl, back to what you’ve been saying at past analyst days, that that’s a long-term growth target of 15%. You are obviously on track to achieve that after this quarter for the year. I was wondering, when you refer to this, a question that I’ve been getting a lot from investors is are you assuming it on a constant-currency basis? So when you think of 15%, is that just kind of what the company is going to report year-in and year-out on a reported basis? Or do you kind of think fixing up currency movements that the business can grow at kind of a 15% [inaudible]? Thank you. 
Carl Bass: Well, the honest answer here, Heather, is three years ago probably when we first started talking about this, there wasn’t nearly as fine a point on as-reported, you know, local currency or -- 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Right, right, very fair. 
Carl Bass: So when we first started talking about this, we were thinking as-reported. It’s become more important to draw the distinction. The one thing I would say is for all of those who look at this as just currency, I do think there is an inverse relationship between positive currency effects to us and the health of the U.S. economy. And when one moves one way, the other is going to move in the opposite direction. And I think the timing of that is uncertain but it would be hard to imagine a big rebound in the U.S. economy without the dollar getting stronger.  So we really thought about this as reported. You know, if this continues to be a multi-year thing, we can rethink it but we were really thinking when we first gave this that this was just our results.  And by the way, as you’ll remember or remind people who are asking you, nobody ever seems particularly sympathetic when the dollar is moving in the other direction. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: No, no, exactly. I think that’s why people keep asking but yes, thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gene Munster with Piper Jaffray. Please proceed.
Gene A. Munster - Piper Jaffray: Good afternoon. Regarding I guess the international side, Carl, you said a minute ago that it’s red hot. Now you kind of mentioned some of the things you are doing to kind of capitalize on that. I guess can you go through in terms of priority as far as are you hiring more people, more piracy control measures, or how are you -- what are you doing, I guess, to keep this red hot growth going?
Carl Bass: So one of the things that is going on there’s certainly more people, Gene, but it comes in two different ways. It’s more people in our channel management and infrastructure to support it. So if you were to take an economy that’s growing quickly, we need to put more people there. We also -- often we are under-covered and under-represented geographically, so in places we may need to open a second, third, fourth, or fifth office, which I think is also something.  But primarily we look to develop the channel. In some places, that’s helping our channel partners expand their business from one location to multiple. In other cases, in some of these newer, more emerging economies, it’s finding brand new channel partners where we don’t have enough resellers there. So we are out looking for channel partners. That’s the first thing.  I think we back that up with some license compliance work that we do. I think we do a fair amount around education but -- and we certainly continue to invest in marketing to make sure there’s an awareness and a preference for our products over those of our competitors. But it’s a combination of things that we try to -- that we deal with holistically because if you think about our products in most places in the emerging countries, our products are known, particularly our 2D products, and most of those are not paid for. And so the base we are working from is lots of AutoCAD in the market, the vast, vast majority is not paid for. And so we are very systematic of how we bring up the awareness and the preference for all of our other products and how do we reach places in which we’ve historically had very little geographic coverage. 
Gene A. Munster - Piper Jaffray: As you are adding all those people, last quarter we had a little bit of a surprise related to some of the comps in some of these emerging markets. I guess is there -- what’s the likelihood if this kind of growth continues that there could be a spike in comp at the end of the year with these emerging markets?
Carl Bass: I don’t think there will be any surprise about comps at the end of this year. 
Gene A. Munster - Piper Jaffray: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with Citigroup. Please proceed.
Brent Thill - Citigroup: Carl, on the M&A side, your absolute number of deals already this year is almost double what you did last year. Can you just speak to -- I think you mentioned historically they are going to be smaller transactions but can you just walk through how you think about the rest of the year now, post Moldflow?
Carl Bass: The number of deals this year has been high but a lot of them have been small and very small by our standards, you know, deals for $1 million or $2 million. There are companies, I mean, that they cross the wire in the same way but you’ve got to recognize some of these deals are $1 million or $2 million in acquisition costs with two to 10 employees. So they really are very, very small deals.  But it is emblematic of us reaching out more to do more analysis simulation and visualization. And what we often find with the very small deals is what we are looking for is a way to inject knowledge into -- knowledge or some technology into the company very quickly to take advantage of an opportunity.  I think if you think about it going forward, I don’t think anything has really changed about our approach to M&A. We will continue to do the small deals in a way where we continue to consider buy versus build for a way to get that expertise. I think some of the medium size deals, you may see a couple a year. And the larger deals are really opportunistic, as we’ve talked about. There’s only a handful of companies in the markets in which we participate that would make sense, and each one is very unique and given the individual nature of those, those happen to be very opportunistic. And that’s not been our historical bent to chase the really big deals. And so I think you will continue to see us look at the market in the same way for M&A.  The one thing that I do think about some is as the markets change, the M&A market changes with it. So one of the things that we’ve seen and when you look at some of the number of deals we’ve done this year, a number of the people in small private companies have seen the exit opportunities as being fairly limited, and much more interested in getting their technology to market. And so we’ve been able to do transactions in a much, much more reasonable price. 
Brent Thill - Citigroup: And just a quick clarification for Al, is this right that roughly 16 million shares are left on the share buy-back plan at the current level, [not with] 8 million?
Alfred Castino: I think that’s about right but as I mentioned the table before though, that’s on an extremely important fact in that if I ever run low, we go to the board and get more. We’re committed long-term to holding shares outstanding flat and we’ve been doing this for like a decade but yeah, there’s something around that amount still open. 
Brent Thill - Citigroup: Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross MacMillan with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies: Thank you. I think I got the number right -- was it 3% growth in AutoCAD but obviously a much, much higher growth in AutoCAD LT? Can you just explain what’s going on there to drive that significant growth disparity? Is it LT’s success in emerging markets or is there something else that you are structurally doing that would explain that? And then just a further clarification on the buy-back -- Al, can you say if you bought back more stock since the quarter end? Thanks. 
Carl Bass: I would say, Ross, the best way to look at this is the way to look at the AutoCAD number, and we gave a little bit of it in our prepared remarks, is to look at the AutoCAD base products. We have moved people to vertical products and so the way to look at AutoCAD is to include products like AutoCAD Architecture, AutoCAD Mechanical, AutoCAD Electric, which would take the growth rate and nearly double it.  Having said that, I think what’s going on with LT is that it’s a great product, great value. When people look to legalize in places, it’s a cheaper way to become compliant and there’s enough differentiation from the product so we don’t think we are seeing cannibalization rates any different than we’ve historically experienced, and so we think we are bringing more people into the pool and we are going to continue to invest in the development of LT as well as increased marketing for LT.  But the AutoCAD number is really in line with where we expected it to be, even by historical standards and not taking into account macroeconomic conditions when you look at the Autodesk -- the AutoCAD family of products as opposed to just vanilla AutoCAD. 
Alfred Castino: On the stock buy-back, I want to remind you I’ve never done forecasts for stock buy-backs and you actually found out about the 8 million after I finished it, so I don’t signal what we do.  Just one fact you might note though from my prepared remarks is that we had about $40 million outstanding under the credit line at the end of last quarter, which indicates there was not a lot of U.S. cash, given the amount of buy-backs we did last quarter. But that’s about all I’ll say about that. 
Ross MacMillan - Jefferies: Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Robert Becker with Argus Research. Please proceed.
Robert Becker - Argus Research: Good afternoon. Carl, Moldflow recently adopted a task-based floating license system to improve the adoption of digital prototyping software. I’m wondering, is there an opportunity to adopt this new model to other Autodesk products? 
Carl Bass: We haven’t looked a lot at the licensing models. I mean, we have a significant number of models and so one of the things to look at for us is when we do these acquisitions, making sure that we can take the new businesses and integrating them successfully with our back office. So we are always on the lookout for clever or more innovative licensing models and if this is one of them, we’ll take a look at it but in the context of we need to make this work for a $2.5 billion enterprise and not necessarily what’s possible for a $75 billion enterprise. 
Robert Becker - Argus Research: Gotcha. Thanks and congrats on a very good quarter. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Greg Dunham with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed.
Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank: Yes, most of my questions have been answered but I did want to clarify the compliance issue, whether that’s something abnormal that has changed here this year in this quarter or just a steady thing that you guys have been doing for a while now that is lifting [inaudible]?
Carl Bass: I mean, the license compliance is something that we have a 10, 15 years certainly of doing it. Hopefully we become better at it and more systematic about it but it’s always been a part of our business and something that we try to control. You know, we’ve talked about it a lot. There’s limitations to what we can do but we hope over time that we continue to eat away at the piracy.  When you look at it, piracy rates correlate pretty well with the development of economies, and in economies, as they become more successful, generally speaking you see greater protection of intellectual property. We are seeing this in places like China that want to develop their own industries based on intellectual property, that they’ve made great advances in the last couple of years and we think that will happen over time. So it’s nothing new in what we are doing. We just try to be more systematic about it, a little bit more organized and as I said, just like in the other things we are doing, we have a concerted effort to drive efficiency and productivity by taking the best practices that we’ve learned in one part of the world and applying it in other parts of the world. 
Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank: Do you think it’s a bigger part of your growth this year than last year?
Carl Bass: I’m not sure that that’s so. I mean, I think in absolute dollars, it’s growing. I’m not sure it’s really growing faster than the rest of the business. 
Greg Dunham - Deutsche Bank: Okay. Thank you. 
David Gennarelli: Operator, we have time for one more question. 
Operator: Your final question comes from the line of [Atol Baga with Penmore]. Please proceed. 
Atol Baga - Penmore: Thanks for taking my question. So it seems like for 3D products, ASPs are going up in Q1. I was wondering if you can give some color -- what is the source of this rising ASP? Is it mostly the price increase or is it about customers moving higher up in the chain? And how should we think about ASPs going forward? And then also I have a follow-up question on that. 
Carl Bass: Generally speaking, the way I think about ASPs is you should assume that they are steady. You know, if we see dramatic changes, we’ll tell you. We don’t forecast a lot of ASPs. Generally better ASPs come from better channel management practices, better sales practices by our channel partners, but it really comes from less promotions, less discounting is really what we see it coming from.  The way we do it on the positive side is by driving preference for our products. You know, as we talked about a lot, one of the things to remember about this business is that the cost of our software is relatively low for the return on investment that people get. You know, people really understand that when you are talking about this, you are talking about numbers that are relatively small. When you look at comparative to the people that we are winning market share away from, it may be a third, it may be a fifth of the cost they paid for their prior software. And so there is a huge ROI here and the significance of $100 or $200 in the purchasing decision is not really that great, yet through better channel management practices, we can take advantage of that. 
Atol Baga - Penmore: Makes sense. And Carl, you also talked about in the remarks about subscription business. That’s doing very well for you guys. I was wondering if you can give some color on what your attach rate and renewal rate was in Q1 -- how does this it compare from previous quarters? And internally, what are you guys targeting for these rates say over a year? Thank you. 
Carl Bass: Generally speaking, we don’t break out attach and renewal rates. This time in the prepared remarks, we talked about attach and renewal rates in the Americas getting better, which they indeed did. And we haven’t forecasted anything that we’ve shared publicly about the attach and renewal rates.  What I can say historically is over the last three to five years, both rates, not on a quarter to quarter basis where there is volatility, but year over year, those rates have gone up. 
Atol Baga - Penmore: And do you expect these rates to continue to go up?
Carl Bass: Yes. 
Atol Baga - Penmore: Thank you. 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our Q&A session. I would like to turn the call over for closing remarks. 
David Gennarelli: That concludes our conference for today. If you have any additional questions, you can call investor relations at 415-507-6033. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes our presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2008 Q4  (2008-02-27 17:00:00) =====
Executives:  Sue Pirri - Vice President of Finance & Investor Relations Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer & Director Alfred J. Castino - Chief Financial Officer & Senior Vice President
Analysts:  Philip Winslow – Credit Suisse Jay Vleeschhouwer – Merrill Lynch Heather Bellini – UBS Andrew Matorin - Bear Stearns A. Sasa Zorovic - Goldman Sachs Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird Brent Thill – Citigroup Brendan Barnicle – Pacific Crest Securities Richard Davis – Needham & Company Michael Huang – ThinkEquity Partners Sterling Auty – JP Morgan Brian Essex – Morgan Stanley Greg Dunham – Deutsche Bank$ Ross MacMillian – Jefferies & Company Brad Manuilow – American Technology Research  
Operator: Good day ladies and gentlemen and welcome to the fourth quarter 2008 Autodesk, Incorporated earnings conference call. My name is Eric and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time all participants are in the listen only mode. We will be conducting a question and answer session towards the end of the conference. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today’s call Ms. Sue Pirri, Vice President of Finance & Investor Relations
Sue Pirri: Good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us as we report results for our fourth quarter of fiscal 2008. With me today are Carl Bass, our chief executive officer and Al Castino, our chief financial officer. Today’s conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available by webcast on our website www.Autodesk.com/investors.  During the course of this conference call we will make forward looking statements regarding future events and the future performance of the company, our guidance for the first and second quarters of fiscal year 2009 and the full year of fiscal year 2009, the factors we use to estimate our guidance for those periods, our competitive position, our future business prospects and revenue growth, our market opportunities and transfer our products in various geographies. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time-to-time with the SEC and specifically our 10K for fiscal year 2007, our 10Q for the quarters ended April 30, 2007, July 31, 2007 and October 31 2007 and our periodic 8K filings including the 8K filed with today’s press release. These documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause the actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements.  The forward-looking statements made during this call are being made as of the time and date of the slide presentation. If this call is replayed or otherwise reviewed after that time and date of the slide presentation, even if it is subsequently made available by Autodesk on its website or otherwise, the information presented during this call may not contain current or accurate information. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise any forward looking statements based on new information, future events or otherwise. In adherence to Regulation Fair Disclosure, Autodesk will provide quarterly information and forward-looking guidance in its quarterly financial results press release and this publically announced financial results conference call. We will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum.  During the call we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Account Principles. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measurers will be provided either on this conference call or can be found in today’s press release made available on our website at www.Autodesk.com/investor. In addition we will quote a number of percent increases as we discuss our financial performance. Unless otherwise noted each percentage represents the growth rate of the fourth quarter fiscal 2008 as compared to the fourth quarter fiscal 2007.  Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Carl Bass.
Carl Bass: Good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us. Today Autodesk reported another strong quarter of revenue results capping another record year for the company. Quarterly revenue was a record $599 million a 20% increase over last year. Diluted earnings per share were $0.40 on a GAAP basis and $0.52 non-GAAP. Our overall performance this quarter was strong however there were some individual metrics that did not meet our expectations and we will discuss those later in the call.  First let’s talk about our areas of strength. A key growth driver for the company over the past several quarters has been the increasing revenue generating in emerging economies. Quarterly revenue from emerging economies increased 25% sequentially at a robust 52% compared to the fourth quarter of last year. Revenue from emerging economies was 19% of total quarterly revenues, its highest percentage ever. In addition, our broader international geographies also posted solid performance. Combined revenue from Europe, Middle East Africa and Asia Pacific increased 33%. Even in constant currency, our business in these regions was quite strong. Importantly, we believe our growth in this international markets which represented 66% of our total revenue in the fourth quarter remains robust and sustainable.  Our solutions create competitive advantage for customers which is important in any economic environment. Our products enable improvements in design innovation and productivity. As a result customers are increasing their spending with Autodesk. A great illustration of this point is revenue from new commercial seats of our products grew 30% in the quarter. With this kind of performance it is clear that Autodesk is growing faster than the competition.  Another key driver for our business is the growth in the 3D design market. Our revenue from 3D solutions achieved record levels despite very difficult compares from strong LT gross grades in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2007. Revenue from our 3D products increased 21% to $146 million and was 24% of total quarterly revenue. During the quarter we shipped nearly 46,000 commercial seats of our 3D products Inventor, Revit, Civil 3D and NavisWorks. Although we are the leader in 3D we still believe there is a significant growth opportunity for Autodesk as 3D penetration of our customer base remains under 15%. While we have experienced very growth in the 3D market its important to recognize that our core base of 2D solutions continues to pose healthy double digit growth lead by outstanding results in AutoCAD LT. Strong growth in 2D creates future opportunity as well because our 2D solutions provide the easiest migration path to our 3D products and then to digital prototyping. Now, let’s look at areas that did not meet our expectations. Our performance in the Americas did not match our robust international results. The Americas which grew 2% were impacted by a number of factors including increasing economic headwinds, difficult year-over-year economic comparison for upgrades and cross grades as well as execution issues. The programs that we put in place over the last 18 months are having the desired effect but there are areas where we need to improve performance. We are taking actions and as a result we are optimistic about improving our performance in the Americas over the course of fiscal 09.  Non-GAAP EPS came in at the low end of our guidance range due to increase product development and sales and marketing spending. GAAP EPS came in lower than our guidance range. On the product front we accelerated a number of product initiatives including both internal development and acquisitions. The internal development initiatives included broader interoperability, accelerated localization efforts and improvements in visualization, simulation and analysis. During the fourth quarter we completed three acquisitions. A provider of outsource product development as well as two companies with key pieces of technology and talent for our 3D offering in the AEC space. A more favorable job market and the availability of relevant companies at much more reasonable valuation makes this an opportune time to make these investments and distance ourselves from the competition. Earnings were also impacted by significantly higher than planned commissions and commission accelerators driven by our strong performance for the year and by the relative mix by individual, territory and geography. These accelerated investments in product development and sales and marketing in Q4 will have a moderate impact in Q1 but will have no impact on the rest of the year.  Overall, I am pleased with our results this quarter and the continued momentum in our business. Now, I’d like to turn the call over to Al for a detailed discussion of the financial results.
Alfred J. Castino : Net revenues grew 20% to $599 million. Breaking it down license revenue increased 18% to $446 million and maintenance revenue from subscriptions increased 25% to $153 million. Combined upgrade revenue and maintenance revenue from subscriptions increased 1%. This is due to a decrease in total upgrade revenue of 36%. We have had continued success migrating customers to subscription all year as demonstrated by the significant growth in deferred revenue. We also had a difficult compare to the same period last year.  Our performance by geography was varied. Revenue in the Americas was $206 million an increase of 2%. EMEA revenue was $262 million an increase of 38% as reported and 27% cost in currency. Once again, our results in the EMEA emerging economies were particularly strong. Revenue in Asia Pacific as $131 million an increase of 24% as reported and 21% cost in currency. Japan had another quarter of strong performance led by healthy growth in AutoCAD LT, AutoCAD and Inventor. Looking at the divisions in our design solutions segment platform solutions in emerging businesses had a great quarter increasing revenue 19% to $263 million. AutoCAD posted strong revenue growth of 9% and AutoCAD LT had an outstanding growing 33%. In total our horizontal and 2D vertical products grew 14%.  Total revenue from our manufacturing solutions division increased 26% to $123 million once again, far exceeding the growth of the entire market. Revenue from new seats of Inventor series increased 50% driving 20% revenue growth for the entire Inventor family. We shipped more than 17,000 commercial seats of Inventor and more than 56,000 total seats for our many manufacturing products in the quarter. Against tough compares from Q4 last year, AEC Solutions revenue increased 22% to $137 million. Revenue from our Revit family of products increased 19%. We shipped approximately 21,000 commercial seats of Revit and NavisWorks. Civil 3D revenue grew 14% and we shipped more than 7,500 commercial seats. Revenue from our media and entertainment segment was $71 million, an increase of 10%. However, the trends in our two M&E businesses were very different. Both 3Ds Max and Miya had outstanding quarters as 3D animation revenue increased 26%. Revenue from Advanced Systems declined 5%. The migration of our Advanced System solutions off of SGI hardware to mainstream systems continues to have a negative impact on revenues given that the new hardware is less expensive. On a positive note however, the change has substantially improved the Advanced Systems gross margins which is a better measure of the health of our systems business.  Moving to the rest of the income statement gross margins were 92% on both a GAAP and non-GAAP basis. The improvement of three percentage points GAAP and two percentage points non-GAAP was primarily due to the increased growth margins on Advanced System solutions which I just mentioned. In addition strong software license sales and productivity improvements in operations contributed to the increase. Operating expenses were $424 million GAAP and $392 million non-GAAP. Our operating margin was 21% GAAP and 27% non-GAAP. Our tax rate in the quarter was 26% both GAAP and non-GAAP. GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.40. Non-GAAP diluted EPS was $0.52. At the end of the quarter there were 230 million total shares outstanding. Compared to the fourth quarter of last year the foreign currency impact was $25 million favorable in revenues and $9 million unfavorable on expenses. Compared to last quarter the foreign currency impact was $12 million favorable on revenues and $4 million unfavorable on expenses.  Turning to the balance sheet, cash and investments were $958 million. During the quarter we issued1.7 million shares from employee stock plans generating $27 million in cash. We used $100 million to buyback 2.1 million shares. Cash generated from operating activities increased 15% to $219 million. During the quarter we acquired three companies for $49 million net of cash Robobot, Hanna Strategies and Carmel Software. Total deferred revenues increased 19% for $82 million sequentially to $506 million. Deferred maintenance revenue from subscriptions increased $68 million sequentially and $111 million over the fourth quarter of last year as we successfully drove strong subscription results. Unshipped product orders or shippable backlog was down slightly sequentially to $15 million. Total backlog including deferred revenues and unshipped product orders was $522 million an increase of $126 million over last year. Channel inventory remains below three weeks. DSO was 59 days this quarter. Similar to prior years the strong fourth quarter and deferred maintenance revenue caused DSOs to increase. Excluding the increase in deferred maintenance revenues, DSOs were 52 days.  Looking back at fiscal 2008 we achieved the financial goals we set forth at the beginning of the year. Revenues increased 18% to $2.172 billion. Fiscal 2008 operating margins increased two percentage points to 21% GAAP and 27% non-GAAP. Full year diluted earnings per share increased 24% GAAP to $1.47 and 23% non-GAAP to $1.88. We are pleased with our overall financial results. As we look forward to fiscal 2009 we are mindful of the concerns about the health of the US and possibly the worldwide economies. While we have seen weakness in the Americas, our international business remains strong. We remain confident in our market position and optimistic about our opportunities for continued growth.  Now, let’s talk about guidance. For our fiscal first quarter we are reiterating our prior revenue forecast of $575 million to $585 million. As Carl mentioned the accelerated product investments we made in the fourth quarter will have a moderate impact on Q1 earnings but will have no impact on the remainder of the year. GAAP earnings per diluted share are now expected to be in the range of $0.35 and $0.37. Non-GAAP EPS is now expected to be between $0.46 and $0.48. Consistent with normal seasonal patterns for our fiscal second quarter we expect revenues to be about $590 million and EPS to be about $0.40 GAAP and $0.50 non-GAAP. For fiscal year 2009 we are reaffirming our expectations of net revenue in the range of $2.425 and $2.475 billion. Full year GAAP earnings per diluted share are now expected to be in the range of $1.75 and $1.85. Non-GAAP EPS is now expected to be in the range of $2.15 and $2.25 a growth rate at the midpoint of approximately 17% over fiscal 2008. We expect our GAAP and non-GAAP tax rates for all of fiscal 2009 to be 26%. Now, I’ll turn it back to Carl.
Carl Bass: Our results for this quarter and fiscal 2008 demonstrates the strength and stability we enjoy as a result of our diversified business. For example, while we drove solid results in most of the develop countries our performance in the emerging economies was superb as we continue to capitalize on the growth trends driving those geographies. We do not believe that we are immune from the implements of macro economic conditions however, our geographic balance and our customer and industry diversification help insulate Autodesk from any one particular market trend.  One benefit of the current macro environment is that it creates a fantastic opportunity to distance ourselves from the competition by continuing to add exciting new technology and features to our product portfolio as well as growing strength in our channel. We are continuing our push to develop better interoperability amongst our products and further our lead in digital prototyping. In addition, as Al mentioned we’ve recently announced acquisitions which will expand our portfolio to include middle wear for gains and additional simulation and analysis software. We will also continue to invest in building the capacity and capability of our channel. We firmly believe that our long term opportunities are significant and we are committed to capitalizing on these opportunities.  With that, I’d like to turn it back over to the operator so we can take your questions.
Operator:  (Operator Instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed.
Philip Winslow – Credit Suisse:  I just wanted to dig into the Americas a little bit. Was there one specific vertical i.e. construction where you saw most of the weakness? Then when you do look at your outlook for fiscal 09 what are your expectations for geographic growth? Are you expecting a slowdown in Europe which remains strong? Just sort of how we should think about that as well?
Carl Bass: I think what we saw is across the Americas, particularly in the United States it was slow. No real difference although construction was the slowest amongst the verticals in the Americas. Going forward we’re just not going to project by discipline for next year.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed.
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Merrill Lynch: Carl, I’d like to ask about the last comment you just made in your summary remarks with respect to investing in capacity and the capabilities of the channel. All of your peers in the group seem to be saying similar things, [Deso], SolidWorks, Parametric and so with all the peers counting far more teams on capacity as a driver to revenue and to a lesser extent productivity it seems, how much available capacity do you think there really is for you and how much of the fiscal 09 or fiscal 10 growth is dependent on your being able to add a requisite amount of capacity? That’s question number one.
Carl Bass: There were seven parts, if I counted correctly. The first thing I’d say, Jay, is as you know for most of the peer group when you particularly talk about the manufacturing vertical it’s a little bit applies and oranges. Most of them don’t have a channel business. While they aspire to have a channel business and talk about it every two years or every blue moon, they still don’t actually have a channel business. I think if you look at, let’s say Deso’s subsidiary they have a channel business but that’s a small part of their overall business. Because of that I don’t really see channel capacity as a zero sum gain. When we look to expand channel capacity, it’s really our existing resellers continuing to grow and while certainly this quarter we, as we do many quarters, we convert resellers from others. That is not the primary way to grow the capacity of the channel. It’s just the individual businesses as we’ve doubled over the last five years, their businesses have doubled as well and they’ve added that. When you look forward I would say, we’ve talked about this before, build in the capacity and capability to channel as an ongoing work just like you do with your own internal sales force and your own internal work force. But nothing we’re talking about in the forward-looking guidance is contingent upon the growth of the channel.
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Merrill Lynch: What were the execution issues you mentioned earlier in your prepared remarks in the context of Americas underperforming? You mentioned economy, tough comps and then you said something about execution issues. What was that?
Carl Bass: I think there are places where we certainly can perform better. Not in the general places where everyone would look, the resellers you’d be familiar with. I think there are opportunities for us in other places like Latin America and Canada, things we can do in the government sector. So those kind of places where I’d really look for stuff. And then always, as you noticed, there are things that we do around managing the channel and promotions and things like that, but nothing really extraordinary in that. And I’d really stick to more the peripheral ones where I think we can perform better.
Jay Vleeschhouwer – Merrill Lynch: Lastly, for the new year would you anticipate any changes, experiments, new programs, etcetera with respect to product packaging and/or pricing, for example, to the extent you can implement inter-operability better as you demonstrated at the conference in November? Does that imply this year or to next, new conjoined products, new packages, new pricing than we’ve seen before?
Carl Bass: Two things, one is we continually look at pricing and there’s always some impact from pricing that we have but it’s moderate and I wouldn’t expect us to do anything distinctly different in terms of pricing. As I’ve spoken about before, I think the potential for having better inter-operability opens a lot for us in terms of the way we package and bring products to market. I think some pure companies, not necessarily our competitors have done a really nice job of bundling products together and I think it’s an interest opportunity that we’re considering to look at. At this point we haven’t announced anything, but I think it really does depend on making sure the products work well together and so that the experience for the customer is from both a licensing and deployment standpoint as well as a work flow standpoint really makes sense.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with UBS. Please proceed.
Heather Bellini – UBS: Carl, I waseathH just wondering if you could give us a little more clarity on, I know you mentioned investing and product development initiatives for R&D, but the big jump in sales and marketing, you had the same type of year-over-year growth in total revenue last year yet your marketing expenses didn’t go up nearly by this much. I guess I’m wondering how much of the acquisitions that you bought did those impact the sales and marketing budget and how much of that – what would be another reason? Because it just seems like – perhaps you had more clarity of this earlier in the quarter.
Carl Bass: I understand Heather. First of all the acquisitions, negligible impact in terms of sales and marketing line. Most of the M&As you know is mostly those small deals that tend to be technology deals and if it hits anywhere in it’s the R&D line.
Heather Bellini – UBS: Could they have added much to revenue, by the way?
Carl Bass: No, none of the deal – we usually talk about the revenue if it’s significant. Most of the ones the last couple quarters have been small. The place where you would have seen it is probably from our sales commissions and the reason for the sales commissions being higher than we would have planned for or that you might have anticipated is just because the mix was so skewed. There were places where people really got into their accelerators and so that obviously has a compounded effect, where the places where people underperformed it kind of goes down linearly.
Alfred J. Castino : By the way our accounting policy is we book these sell areas when they’re actually earned, we don’t try to estimate them during the year. So basically they all go into the fourth quarter and what can happen is, based on the mix of countries and people then, you can get some pretty big swings in what the accelerators turn our to be. That’s what happened in the fourth quarter.
Heather Bellini – UBS: Because the same thing would have been applied last year, right?
Alfred J. Castino : Well we always book the accelerators in the fourth quarter, but if the mix is not skewed to certain countries or certain individuals having big accelerators we may not have as much accelerator expense to book in relation to revenues as we did this past quarter.
Carl Bass: If you look back to last year, Heather, you’d see a much more balanced growth across all the geos and even at the sub-geo level you would have seen a much more balanced growth. This time it was more skewed and so we hit the accelerators in more places.
Heather Bellini – UBS: Well then can you, given that you’re keeping your revenue guidance the same for the year, it obviously sounds like you still have investments in R&D that you’re making, but what was the reason then for the reduction in earnings by the magnitude that it was in terms of guidance?
Alfred J. Castino : The reduction in earnings for guidance is actually, I think, modest. It’s down about $0.05 for the year and that’s basically all in the first quarter. Basically what that is, is we accelerated some investments in the product terrain that we planned to do later in the year so we just did them earlier and that’s the reason it’s hitting us in the first quarter. But second quarter onwards it has no impact. So that entire change is from the first quarter.
Carl Bass: And if you look at the first quarter you see we did some internal product investments. We did see a number of companies come available for M&A that we took advantage. We think these are really attractive prices and I think particularly with an uncertain economic environment certain places we want to make sure we continue to invest in the channel.
Alfred J. Castino : The other thing to be focused on is our margin numbers. Our margin goals for the second quarter onwards haven’t changed, they’re the same. Again the entire change in earnings is just for the first quarter.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Andrew Matorin with Bear Stearns. Please proceed.
Andrew Matorin - Bear Stearns: If you could perhaps provide a little more insight onto this expense issue that Heather brought up. You say that you’re bringing some investments forward into Q1 that perhaps would have been spread out further along into the year, if that’s the case, if you’re just bringing forward expenses, I’m not sure I follow on why your full year EPS guidance is reduced.
Carl Bass: Well, because for example if they were only going to be on – let’s say it’s hiring of people and they were only going to be on our books for three quarters they’re now on it for four quarters.
Andrew Matorin - Bear Stearns: So it’s increased hiring?
Carl Bass: Yeah it’s hiring. Some of it’s a result of M&A, some of it’s organic hiring and some of it’s deciding to make some investments in the channel earlier in the year.
Andrew Matorin - Bear Stearns: With respect to the commercial 3D seat numbers, clearly those numbers, the growth year-over-year is actually down for the first time on all three products, core products. Could you talk a little bit more about what’s driving demand there and if you’ve seen any shifts in that migration path through 3D and how that’s –
Carl Bass: I think if you do the algebra on it you’ll figure out that it’s all in the Americas and if the Americas were at anticipated levels they’d actually be higher. It’s just pretty simple math in that most of the products would have grown considerably faster if the Americas had performed at expected levels.
Andrew Matorin - Bear Stearns: And the fact that the Americas is slow apparently so dramatically since your last concept, does it give you pause for your guidance for 09?
Carl Bass: No, I think one thing you’ve got to look at in the quarter in which the Americas slowed considerably, we still have $599 million of revenue the highest in 25 years. It still shows a good growth rate. I think in some ways if you just reflect on it, it speaks to the thing that we’ve talked about a number of times which is the diversity of our business. While we always insist that we’re not immune from macro economics and we’re no keener students than you are of macro economics at the end of the day being in multiple business lines spread out geographically benefits and a downturn in one particular market doesn’t have as big an impact on us as it might otherwise have.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sasa Zorovic with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
A. Sasa Zorovic - Goldman Sachs: So continuing this year, the question that begs to be asked and I guess even a clarification on an earlier question asked, is so if there was a slow down in the Americas what have you then anticipated then happens, what underlies this number that you have now reiterated in terms of what happens in Europe and then in Asia?
Carl Bass: While I think the premise of your question is a slow down I think what you have to combine it with is it was obviously an unanticipated acceleration in Europe and Asia Pacific. Otherwise we wouldn’t have come in so far above our guidance in revenue. So obviously EMEA is performing beyond our expectations and Asia Pacific is as we try to ponder all the things that we know about our particular business as well as what we see in the world economy. We’re very comfortable with reiterating our guidance for the year.
A. Sasa Zorovic - Goldman Sachs: So then does it mean that if this had been the case in the fourth quarter your anticipation is that this trend continues in the respective three geographies as it’s been in essence in the fourth quarter?
Carl Bass: What I would say without getting into detail about projecting revenues by geography by quarter is that we are not expecting a dramatic up turn in the next quarter in the Americas and we think there’s a balance in our business that will accommodate us meeting both our revenue and our EPS targets.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird. Please proceed.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird: My first question is just on the general level of profitability, maybe if we just looked at the EBIT line, if we look at the United States versus maybe Europe and outside the United States. Are they just qualitatively, is the profitability level there about the same or does the US carry a little bit higher margin due to scale?
Alfred J. Castino : We don’t talk much about profitability by geo. I’ll tell you though it looks pretty similar across the globe. We’re very profitable in all of our sales operations. If I look it at it on some kind of legal basis, of course, we have R&D people in different spots, so it’s not a real meaningful number to be showing people.
Steven M. Ashley - Robert W. Baird: And just maybe a follow up on the simulation you talked about as part of the accelerated R&D spent, can we get a little more color maybe on what you’re doing there, could we see a stand alone product or are you going to bake more maybe feature functionality into Inventor Pro or anything you might be able to tell us there.
Carl Bass: I think what you’ll see in a number of our product lines, one of the things that we try to do that I think is different than our competitors is we try to package our offerings in a very simple way, in a digestible way for customers and what I think you’ve seen over the last year or two is more simulation and more analysis in both the Inventor product and it will continue as well as I think you’ll see more simulation and analysis, you’ve seen it in Revit Civil 3D. So all of our 3D products are really the foundation for this next level of visualization simulation and analysis and I think while we reserve judgment on each product offering, a more likely thing for us is to bundle these things in ways that simply the packaging for both our customers as well as for our channel to sell them.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with Citi. Please proceed.
Brent Thill – Citigroup: Carl, can you just elaborate on the US weakness, did you feel that throughout the quarter or was it more pronounced as you got later in the quarter?
Carl Bass: I think there were signs of it all throughout the quarter. It’s never quite clear until the very end. I think it becomes crystal clear at the end. I think we saw it throughout, got clearer as we got to the end and I don’t want to make any excuses about deals moving and all the usual mumbo jumbo. I think we recognize the weakness, it is hard within the course of a quarter to change a lot and effect the outcome too much just because of the nature of the business and that built in delay but I think we recognize it and I think what we’re able to do is drive revenue in the other geographies.
Brent Thill – Citigroup: Just as it relates to Europe, the European growth rate was better than many quarters historically in 2007 I think you grew in the low 20’s in Europe and you put up a 38% year-over-year number, was there something special that happened in Europe that caused that big a growth?
Carl Bass: I think overall our business in Germany is doing well and one of the things that we’ve talked about is in order for these businesses to over perform, whether we’re talking about it relative to our guidance for a quarter or for the year, when all of the parts are working well, we over perform and we certainly don’t give guidance assuming everything is working perfectly. Europe happened to have one of those quarters in which all the pieces were really working well. I think the accelerator to that is the emerging economies which people tend to forget about in Europe actually played a big part as well. And so I think the combination of all the developed countries just operating at or above expected levels plus the kicker that we really got from the emerging economies did well, drove the really high performance.
Alfred J. Castino : There’s one thing that stands out, there was a currency benefit so that 38% is 27% cost and currency but that’s still fabulous and all I’ll tell you is that we feel really good about the European business at this point in the quarter and the year. We don’t see it as a one shot thing, it’s a strong business.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brendan Barnicle with Pacific Crest Securities. Please proceed.
Brendan Barnicle – Pacific Crest Securities: Carl, when I was at [inaudible] University talking to customers, some of the ones that have big businesses like construction firms, engineering firms here in the US, you’re talking about a lot of the work they were doing in emerging markets and having a lot of their new seats come on there. Do you guys have any sense of what portion of that emerging market derivative of North America or European business, you know I’m asking to see if that’s maybe an area that we need to watch to see sort of an after affect of this slow down you see in North America.
Carl Bass: The first thing is, it is really hard to get at that data and we really don’t have any great insight into it. One thing I could say to you qualitatively, after the down turn in 2001 many of the US based architecture, engineering, construction firms made a concerted effort to diversify their businesses. Secondarily the world markets have reached a place where you look at building in the Middle East or in China they want international firms to be working on those projects. So the dynamic that set that up is there. To track it down it’s not very easy and guessing whether it’s a leading or lagging indicator is even harder.
Brendan Barnicle – Pacific Crest Securities: And then with the execution issues that you face, were there any structural reorg changes that went in place in terms of personnel or organizationally?
Carl Bass: No, major changes.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Davis with Needham & Company. Please proceed.
Richard Davis – Needham & Company: With regard to acquisitions, I know most of the ones you’ve been making have been more technology oriented. Do you have a kind of upside limit in terms of how large you would go or does it just kind of depend on the situation? In other words would you consider making larger acquisitions? Because as you know the ones you’ve been doing have been fairly small?
Carl Bass: Generally speaking what we’re interested in is the smaller technology acquisitions and those are small price points. You know all the characteristics of the small tuck in ones. We look at the other ones but really the universe of possibilities is really small and you could sit there and on less than the fingers of one or two hands figure out all the ones there. There are a number of them that are not possible for all kinds of reasons that you can imagine to. We don’t spend a lot of time contemplating these large ones and what I would say is less so than the limit on the amount we would have to pay for it, it would much more be a strategic thing about how healthy is the business? Can we run it and blend it with our business? Do the financials make sense? Rather than an absolute dollar limit, I think people need to recognize in this business the number of large M&A possibilities. It’s a very small universe.
Alfred J. Castino : When we talk about it being a great point in time to do M&A basically what we’re looking at is you look at private company space. All of that credit that was feeding through private equity firms is really dried up and it’s just a much less competitive situation for getting some really useful companies some really good people at a good price. So that’s a big opportunity right now.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Huang with ThinkEquity. Please proceed.
Michael Huang – ThinkEquity Partners: A couple of questions, first can your platform division execute a very strong quarter, does this reflect any decisions by any customers to slow their spending on more expensive vertical products and what percentage of this platform division comes from emerging regions and were there any special onetime promotions that drove this performance?
Carl Bass: Okay so working backwards, no real special promotions and we don’t really give the breakdown of platform by geography. I think the hypothesis is an interesting one. We haven’t really seen that. I think there may be a small aspect in which if it’s really tough economic times people may just choose to upgrade or keep their subscription and not look for a change. But we haven’t seen any broad evidence of that at all and it’s not really consistent with that big new seat growth and the large 3D growth. So there’s a little bit of conflicting data just when you look over this three month period. But I don’t see anything that’s a trend or anything that makes me nervous about this, looking forward.
Michael Huang – ThinkEquity Partners: When you look at this year’s product release what are the most notable new products or features that we should be paying attention to and which one is the most likely to drive upside if you actually had to bet on one?
Carl Bass: I think there’s a handful of products, they would all be in the 3D space. Inventor and Revit are clearly the leaders and those are the ones that continue to outperform expectations. Inventor and Revit are there. I think there’s a lot more being done with MIA and MAX which have also performed well. We don’t combine it in our official 3D revenue but they’re clearly 3D products and with the growth of media and entertainment in markets around the world they’re performing well. I would look at that and then as I already mentioned, I think it was in Jay’s question, I’d look at some of the new bundling things that we might do that could also drive additional growth.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with JP Morgan. Please proceed.
Sterling Auty – JP Morgan: Al, can you quantify for us out of the accelerated investment in the first quarter how much towards the R&D side versus the sales and marketing, meaning since you had the big commissions in the fourth quarter should we see a fall off in the sales and marketing spent in the first quarter?
Alfred J. Castino : I don’t want to do forecasts at line item level. I will tell you though that Q4 has a bigger impact from commissions than we see in Q1 but that’s when we booked the accelerators again so you’ll see less impact on the sales and marketing arena on the first quarter than you saw on the fourth quarter but that’s as detailed as I want to get about that. 
Sterling Auty – JP Morgan: Can you just describe, Carl the rationale behind it both on the R&D and the sales and marketing? So, you mentioned accelerating in terms of the R&D side but what do you think that’s going to give you for the year? What’s the strategy behind getting the interoperability a little quicker? And, on sales and marketing is that spend going to be targeted towards some of the execution issues here in North America? 
Carl Bass: A couple of things, the interoperability allows us to do product bundling. It allows us to make products available in markets in which they previously haven’t been sold. So, that’s what we do there. Some of the M&A opportunities are really just opportunistic, they come along just as you guys are pondering the worldwide economics so are venture capital firms and investors in these small companies so they’re looking for exit opportunities so when something comes along we do that. I think the other thing is, just generally speaking, we’re seeing some of our competitors perform badly. There are people available for hire, there are people available to help staff up our channel partners and so when we see good people come on the market we want to bring them into our universe and so we’ve been doing that. Really, the rational is if you prioritize it clearly the marketing will have the first affect, more spend on marketing has the most dramatic affect short term, sales comes next and R&D is later. So, the R&D stuff you often don’t think of it even having an effect in the same year whereas much of the sales and marketing really can. 
Sterling Auty – JP Morgan:  So, is one way to look at it in light of the questionable economy especially in North America that you want to accelerate some of the sales and marketing to prop up demand?
Carl Bass: Sure. But, I think it’s equally true where we see emerging economies growing quickly where you can hardly ever keep up with that rate of growth in terms of the number of people there, the number of channel partners, the geographic reach. Those are places where we want to expand too and we’re doing both. I wouldn’t look at the additional sales and marketing spend as purely being a response to America’s economy.
Operator:  Your next question comes from the line of Brian Essex with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed.
Brian Essex – Morgan Stanley:  I was just wondering if I could revisit the sales and marketing issue just one more time maybe a different way. If I look at the kind of rate as a percentage of revenue over the first nine months of the year I get to about a $14 million overage over what we would have expected given the current period sales level. I guess can you offer any color maybe into one, is that kind of the right math to look at for the acceleration? Two, can you offer any color into maybe the portion of that that was due to accelerators versus maybe some challenge incentives to help US along?
Alfred J. Castino : I don’t want to fine tune the sales and marketing allowance but I’ll tell you the accelerators are a big chunk of that because again, keep in mind they are all booked in the fourth quarter for the year. Almost nobody hit an accelerator in the third part, we book them as they’re earned so that’s how that thing came out. We didn’t have any special programs or anything like that going on in the fourth quarter if that’s what you mean. It was business as usual, the normal programs we announced were there but nothing special. 
Carl Bass: One of the things whether you look at the ASPs or special deals, I mean one of the things we are absolutely not willing to do is make special end of quarter deals which result in lower prices and you know all the rest that follows through that. And so this was normal run rate business as expected, nothing special about it.
Brian Essex – Morgan Stanley:  So all indications are so far through the quarter that you wouldn’t expect the same type of environment to continue into Q1?
Alfred J. Castino :  I‘m not sure what you mean by the same type of environment?
Brian Essex – Morgan Stanley:  Well I guess where you hit the accelerators to that degree?
Alfred J. Castino :  No, no keep in mind, let me explain again how accelerators work. So people have annual plans, they have commission plans that are annual plans and at some point late in the year they get to a level where they earns these accelerators because they hit an annual mile stone that puts them in a higher commission rate. No one is going to get there in the first quarter, we’re not a big deal oriented kind of a company. So almost everybody that’s going to get an accelerator will earn it in the fourth quarter, there’s virtually nothing in Q1, nothing in Q2 almost nothing in Q3, it’s all in Q4.
Brian Essex – Morgan Stanley:  And then on the acquisition front you know Carl, I think you noted the contribution wasn’t meaningful to revenue. With respect to guidance in 2009 is there a threshold that you would use for that kind of reasonable comment?
Carl Bass:  No but I would say first of all the guidance we’re giving at this point doesn’t anticipate any acquisitions. So we’re not sitting here knowing about any acquisitions or planning on any meaningful amount. You know we use the usual standards for disclosure when we acquire a company but truthfully many of the acquisitions we do are really single digit, low single digit in revenue. Some have been smaller than that; single digit millions. So they’re really relatively small and many of them are not even acquired for the revenue.
Brian Essex – Morgan Stanley:   I guess I’m just looking for maybe an organic contribution versus you know contributions from acquisitions you’ve made over the pats I guess two and a half three months?
Alfred J. Castino : We did that when we bought Alias two years ago but it was significant enough to be worth doing. The stuff we have been buying is lost in the rounding so if we tried that it wouldn’t even move the needle. So if we did decide to do one that moved the needle we would split it for you and tell you organic and non-organic. Again we did it three years ago with Alias.
Carl Bass:  And again I would say none of the forecast is predicated on any M&A activity. 
Operator:  Question comes from line of Greg Dunham with Deutsche Bank. Please proceed. 
Greg Dunham – Deutsche Bank$:  One more commission one but forward looking basis here. Now, given that the accelerators were hit in the international region this year, were you guys more aggressive in adjusting your comp plans going forward in those international regions? And are there any risks associated with that potentially?
Carl Bass:  No I mean we certainly revisit the commission plans every year and we have. And you know when you look at some of the issues around execution it’s about better forecasting and you know better planning around commissions. 
Alfred J. Castino :  We certainly don’t want to set up our commission plans such that we react to people who earn good money and we don’t want to them to do it again, e want them to make these number that we set them up to motivate behavior achievement that we want and when they get there that’s good news. So were not interested in trying to pull a rug out from under people so they can’t earn a good accelerator. We want them to make those numbers. 
Greg Dunham – Deutsche Bank: Okay so no major changes this year going forward?
Alfred J. Castino :  No. 
Operator:  Next question comes from the line of Ross MacMillan with Jefferies. Please proceed. 
Ross MacMillian – Jefferies & Company:  Just one more on that sales and marketing thing if I can, just want to be clear so if $1.00 of business is sold in EMEA or if a $1.00 business sold in Asia Pac, is it effectively I mean if you take the total blended rate on sales and marketing is it the same cost of sale? Or if we see more growth out of those territories are we going to see sales and marketing higher those costs higher within the mix?
Carl Bass:  What I would say is our model doesn’t figure $1.00 from those geographies differently and I would suggest the same to you. You know it’s lost in the rounding the difference in the cost of sales across geographies. 
Ross MacMillian – Jefferies & Company: That’s absolutely fair. And this one on Revit, so it’s been a big unit driver over the last 18 months compared to all your other 3D products. It’s now been flat for three quarters and obviously it is exposed to building and architecture. You know have we got to a point now that that kind of run rate 21,000 seats a quarter is going to be tough to break out of for? Or, do you not really view it like that and think that it’s all about capacity in the cannel and that could easily grow off that 21k a quarter type run rate on units? 
Carl Bass:  So I think there’s capacity in the channel which you pointed out correctly. I think there’s broader geographic distribution that could happen. I think if you see an improved economy in the Americas. All of those things would drive it. You know as well as when we look at Revit there’s a lot of product capability that has expanded. You know we generally talk about Revit as the entire family but there’s things around specific disciplines like structural engineering or mechanical engineering within the building and we’ve continued to build that out. So those are parts of the business that could grow faster that are in an earlier stage of adoption. And you know then I think there’s the question that gets asked all the time is there a way to accelerate 3D adoption in general and you know and I think there are times at which you hit those dipping points at which there is an acceleration. We’ve just not been willing to venture when that is.
Alfred J. Castino :  By the way, I think the revenue growth is probably the more important metric anyway. Revit was not flat, it grew 19% last quarter with a weak Americas. Revit had a really strong international quarter so it’s not flat. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brad Manuilow with American Technology Research. Please proceed.
Brad Manuilow – American Technology Research:  Just two quick ones, when you exclude the FX impact from Canada and Latin America, I’m just wondering if the US was actually down on a year-over-year basis?
Alfred J. Castino : No. The answer is no. A very small FX impact. In Latin America we almost sell everything dollars and the Canada impact was tiny.
Brad Manuilow – American Technology Research: Then second, how much do you guys have left on your buyback authorizations right now? Sue The board just increased the authorization in December Brad.
Alfred J. Castino : Yeah. I think it’s on the order of 20 million shares. It’s large and our goal continues to be that we offset the employee stock program dilution. We have plenty of shares to do that over the coming year. 
Operator:  This concludes our G&A session. I would now like to turn over the call for closing remarks.  Sue Before we conclude the call I’d like to remind all of you that [Dave Generali] recently joined our investor relations team from Symantec. We are pleased to have Dave on the team. He’s here with us today. Dave and [Katy Blanchard] and I will be available to any questions you may have later. And that concludes the call operator.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes our presentation you may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2008 Q3  (2007-11-15 22:56:00) =====
Executives: Sue Pirri - VP of IR Carl Bass - CEO Al Castino - CFO
Analysts: Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse Philip Alling - Bear Stearns Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities Sasa Zorovic - Goldman Sachs Brian Essex - Morgan Stanley Ross MacMillan - Jefferies Brad Manuilow - American Technology Brent Thill - Citi Richard Davis - Needham Gene Munster - Jefferies
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to thethird quarter 2008 Autodesk Incorporated Earnings Call. My name is Melanie, andI'll be yourcoordinator today. Atthis time, allparticipants are inlisten-only mode. We will conduct aquestion-and-answer session atthe end of thisconference (Operator Instructions). As areminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like toturn the call over toMs. Sue Pirri, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, ma'am.
Sue Pirri: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today aswe report results for our third quarter of fiscal 2008. With metoday are Carl Bass,our Chief Executive Officer, and Al Castino, our Chief Financial Officer. Today's conference call is being broadcast live through anaudio webcast. Inaddition, a replay of thecall will be availableby webcast on our website, www.autodesk.com/investor. During thecourse of this conference call we will make forward-looking statementsregarding future events and thefuture performance of thecompany, our guidance for thefourth quarter and full year of fiscal year 2008, thefirst quarter and full year of fiscal year 2009, thefactors we use to estimate our guidance for those periods, our competitiveposition, our future business prospects and revenue growth, our marketopportunity and transfer of product to various geographies. We caution you that such statements reflect our bestjudgment based on factors currently known to us and that actual events orresults could differ materially. Please refer to thedocuments we file from time-to-time with theSEC and specifically our 10-K for fiscal year 2007, our 10-Qs for thequarters ended April 30, 2007,and July 31, 2007 and ourperiodic 8-K filings, including the8-K filed with today's press release. These documents contain and identify important risks andother factors that may cause theactual results to differ from those contained inour forward-looking statements. Theforward-looking statements made during this call arebeing made as of thetime and the date ofthis live presentation. If this call is replayed or otherwise reviewed after thetime and date of this live presentation, even if it's subsequently made availableby Autodesk on its website or otherwise, theinformation presented during this call may not contain current or accurateinformation. Autodesk disclaims any obligation to update or revise anyforward-looking statement based on new information, future events or otherwise.In adherence to RegulationFair Disclosure, Autodesk will provide information and forward-looking guidancein its quarterlyfinancial results press release and this publicly announced financial resultsconference call. We will not provide any further guidance or updates on ourperformance during this quarter unless we doso ina public forum.  During thecall we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures arenot prepared inaccordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. Areconciliation of thenon-GAAP financial measures to themost directly comparable GAAP measures will beprovided either on this conference call or can befound in today's pressrelease, made available on our website atwww.autodesk.com/investor. Now I'd like to turn thecall over to Carl Bass.
Carl Bass: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Today,Autodesk reported another quarter of very strong financial results. Quarterlyrevenue was a record$538 million, an 18%increase over last year. Diluted earnings pershare were $0.35 on aGAAP basis and $0.49 non-GAAP. We're going to quote anumber of percentage increases as we discuss thefinancials. Unless otherwise noted, each represents thegrowth rate of thethird quarter of fiscal 2008, as compared to thethird quarter of fiscal 2007. Our outstanding financial performance was aresult of focused execution on thekey elements of ourbusiness strategy. Once again, we showed robust increases inmost of our keyrevenue and profitability metrics. I'd like to highlight afew of these. Revenue from both our 3D Solutions and our 2D Vertical Solutions wereat record levels,resulting in revenuesfrom our Design Solution segment increasing 20%. Thechanges weimplemented in ourpartner incentive programs inthe first quarter,continued to increase reseller attention on our most significant opportunitiesfor growth. Revenue from our 2D Vertical and 3D products increased 22%and 32% respectively. 3D revenue now represents 24% of total quarterly revenue,its highest level ever. 3D still presents asignificant growth opportunity, as 3D penetration of our customer base remainedunder 15%. Clearly 3D continues to bean important growthdriver for the company,and our 2D Vertical solutions provide theeasiest migration path for our customers to our 3D products and then on todigital prototyping. Revenue growth inemerging economies continues to significantly outpace growth indeveloped economies. Quarterly revenue inemerging economies increased 31% and now represents 17% of total quarterlyrevenues, its highest percentage ever. Revenue from new seats increased 20%.Non-GAAP income from operations increased 42% to $151 million, resulting in28% operating margin. And finally, cash from operating activities increased 21%to $161 million. I amvery pleased with our results this quarter and thecontinued momentum inour business. Now I'd like to turn thecall over to Al for adetailed discussion of thefinancial results.
Al Castino: Alright, thanks, Carl. Once again, Autodesk delivered greatquarterly performance. As Carl said, net revenues grew 18% compared to thethird quarter of last year to $538 million. GAAP diluted earnings pershare were $0.35. Non-GAAP diluted EPS was $0.49. Customer demand for Autodeskproducts was very strong again this quarter. Revenues from our 3D and 2DVertical products showed strong growth. During thequarter, we shipped nearly 43,000 commercial seats for Inventor, Revit andCivil 3D. Revenue from these products increased 29% to $127 million. Last quarter, we completed theacquisition of NavisWorks. TheNavisWorks family of products fully enables thebenefits of 3D models for design coordination and construction simulation, andaccordingly will beincluded in our 3Drevenue starting in thethird quarter. NavisWorks revenue was $3 million inthe quarter, resultingin total 3D revenue of$130 million, a 32%increase. Combined upgrade revenue and maintenance revenue from subscriptionincreased 15%. Maintenance revenue from subscriptions was $143 million, anincrease of 29%. As expected, revenue from upgrades and cross-grades decreased16%. Each of our geographies grew substantially. Revenue inthe Americaswas $218 million, anincrease of 12%. EMEA revenues were $203 million, anincrease of 27% as reported, and 18% constant currency. Asia-Pacific revenueincreased 14% to $118 million. Japanhad another good quarter of execution. As we said last quarter, our business inJapan hasstabilized and is now growing. We remain optimistic about continued improvementgoing forward.  Revenue growth inemerging economies continues to significantly outpace growth indeveloped economies. Quarterly revenue inemerging economies increased 31% to $92 million and represents 17% of total quarterlyrevenue, its highest percentage ever. Revenues from theDesign Solution segment increased 20% to $457 million.  Now, let's look atthe divisionalperformance within Design Solutions. Revenue from platform solutions andemerging businesses increased 14% to $242 million. AutoCAD LT had anoutstanding quarter, growing 35%. As we mentioned earlier, thechanges inour incentive programs hasshifted reseller focus away from AutoCAD to our 2D Vertical and 3D products. Asa result, AutoCADrevenue was flat, while AutoCAD 2D Vertical revenue increased 22%. We continueto believe that themost relevant measure of 2D performance, given our strategy, is thegrowth of allAutoCAD-based products intotal, which grew 16%. Total revenue for Manufacturing and Solutions divisionincreased 19% to $102 million. This far exceeds thegrowth of our closest competitor. Revenue from new seats of Inventor increased22%. We shipped more than 13,400 commercial seats of Inventor inthe quarter. AutoCADmechanical had another great quarter, increasing revenue 30%. Intotal, we shipped more than 54,000 seats of our Manufacturing products. AECSolution's revenue includes NavisWorks and increased 34% to $124 million. Thebuilding industry continues its rapid adoption of building informationmodeling, both in theUS and abroad,driving strong record results. Revenue from Revit family of products increased53%, and we shipped more than 21,400 commercial seats. Civil 3D also had agreat quarter, growing revenue 31%, and we shipped nearly 8,200 commercialseats. Revenue from our Media and Entertainment segment was $67 million, anincrease of 4%. However, thetrends in our twoM&E businesses were very different. Animation revenue increased 17%, led by anoutstanding quarter for 3ds Max. Revenue from Advanced Systems declined 8% as themove off SGI hardwarecontinues to have anegative impact on revenues. This changehas substantiallyimproved the Systems' grossmargin, however. Moving to therest of the incomestatement, gross margins increased 2 percentage points on aGAAP basis to 90%, and 3 percentage points non-GAAP, to 91%. Theimprovement was primarily due to increased gross margins I just mentioned onour Advanced Systems Solutions. Inaddition, strong software license sales and productivity improvements inoperation contributed to theincrease in our grossmargin. Operating expenses were $381 million GAAP and $341 million non-GAAP.Operating income was $106 million GAAP and $151 million non-GAAP. Our operatingmargin was 20% GAAP and 28% non-GAAP. Our tax ratein thequarter was 23% GAAP and 26% non-GAAP. TheGAAP tax rate waslower primarily due to tax benefits related to stock-option exercises recordedunder FAS 123R. Net income was $85 million GAAP and $117 million non-GAAP. Atthe end of thequarter, there were 230 million total shares outstanding.  Compared to rates we used when we set our guidance for thethird quarter, foreign currency rates impacted our results by aninsignificant amount. Compared to thethird quarter of last year, foreign currency impact was $16 million favorable onrevenue and $5 million unfavorable on expenses. Compared to last quarter,foreign currency impact was $7 million favorable on revenue and $1 millionunfavorable on expenses. Turning to thebalance sheet, cash and investments were $873 million. During this period ofuncertainty in theworldwide credit markets, we feel itis prudent to maintain somewhat higher cash balances than we have previouslyplanned. During thequarter, we received $77 million from issuing 4 million shares from employeestock plans. We used $138 million to buyback 3 million shares. Year-to-date, wehave repurchased 10 million shares, which exceeds employee stock plan issuancesby 1 million shares. We will continue to repurchase shares under our previouslyauthorized share repurchase program to offset dilution from employee stockprogram.  Cash from operating activities was $161 million. We used netcash of $45 million for acquisitions. Total deferred revenues increased $12 millionsequentially to $424 million. Deferred maintenance revenues from subscriptionincreased $10 million sequentially and $101 million over thethird quarter of last year. Unshipped product orders or shippable backlogs were$17 million, adecrease of $4 million sequentially. Total backlog, including deferred revenuesand unshipped product orders, increased $8 million sequentially to $441million. Channel inventory remains below three weeks. DSO was 51 days thisquarter.  We're very pleased with our third quarter results. As welook forward to thefourth quarter of fiscal 2008 and fiscal 2009, we aremindful of theconcerns about thehealth of the USand worldwide economies. However, our business hasremained strong. Inthis environment, we believe itis prudent to becautious. At thesame time, we remain confident inour business and optimistic about our opportunities for growth. Now let's talk about guidance. We continue to expect fourthquarter revenue to be inthe range of $575million to $585 million. GAAP earnings perdiluted share areexpected to be inthe range of $0.42 and$0.44. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to bein therange of $0.52 and $0.54.  For fiscal year 2008, net revenues areexpected to be between$2.148 billion and $2.158 billion, agrowth rate ofapproximately 17% over fiscal 2007. Full-year GAAP earnings perdiluted share areexpected to be inthe range of $1.50 and$1.52. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to bein therange of $1.89 and $1.91, agrowth rate ofapproximately 24% over fiscal 2007. We continue to expect our GAAP and non-GAAPtax rates for all offiscal 2008 to be between25% and 26%. Now let's look atnext year. For fiscal 2009, net revenues areexpected to be between$2.425 billion and $2.475 billion, agrowth rate ofapproximately 13% to 15% over our fiscal 2008. Full year GAAP earnings perdiluted share areexpected to be inthe range of $1.84 and$1.90. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to bein therange of $2.20 and $2.26, agrowth rate ofapproximately 17%. We expect our annual tax ratefor fiscal 2009 to be26% on both a GAAP andnon-GAAP basis.  For thefirst quarter of fiscal 2009, we expect revenue to bein therange of $575 million to $585 million. GAAP earnings perdiluted share areexpected to be inthe range of $0.42 and$0.44. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to bein therange of $0.50 and $0.52. We expect seasonality to besimilar to last year. Now, I will turn itback over to Carl.
Carl Bass: Thanks, Al. As we have told you, Autodesk had aterrific quarter. Before we begin taking your questions, I would like to remindyou of some of thereasons for thestrength of our business. First, our business is diversified on many levels. Ona geographic basis, themajority of our revenues areinternational. Infact, less than 35% of our revenues arein theU.S. Emerging economies area rapidly growing partof the business. China,India, Russia,and Eastern Europe have been some of our best performingregions in thepast few years, and we were encouraged by trends we seedeveloping in theMiddle East. This quarter, revenue from emerging economies grew atapproximately twice therate of our business indeveloped economies, and we continue to believe itwill be asignificant growth driver. We arewell diversified across themajor industrial segments inthe economy, includingbuilding, manufacturing, infrastructure and media, with little exposure tofinancial services. Inaddition, purchases of our software typically fall into R&D spendinginstead of ITspending, so they areless subject to changesin theeconomic environment. Finally, we serve customers of allsizes, from Fortune 100 to small post production facilities, not just largeenterprises. As I have said many times, our diversification helps tomoderate the impact onour business of large swings and external factors. Second, as you know, ourcustomers are underconstant pressure intoday's business environment. Globalization, therising cost of energy,worldwide building expansion, development and rejuvenation of infrastructure,and the increasingdrive to keep data digital, areimportant global trends that drive our customers to search for tools to improvetheir competitive position. These trends arealso creating significant growth opportunities for Autodesk. Third, theincrease in innovationand productivity that our model based 3D products provide, is compelling ourcustomers to migrate to new design tools faster than ever before. For example,let's talk about thebuilding industry. In theU.S., buildingsconsume one third of allenergy used and two thirds of electricity. As aresult, increases inenergy prices and adesire for energy independence areforcing the commercialbuilding industry into action. This is happening allover the world.Owner/operators aresearching for more energy efficient alternatives to traditional buildingprocesses. Thesimulation and analysis capabilities enabled by Revit allow our customers toaddress highly complex problems ina way that was neverpossible in thepast. This platform transition is occurring inall of our industries,not just building, as we bring sophisticated 3D design tools to themainstream markets. Finally, Autodesk is increasing its competitive separation.Both Autodesk and our resellers areincreasing investment insales and marketing, both by increasing marketing program spend and by addingsales staff. We areincreasing our investment inR&D to bring new products to market and create exciting new versions ofexisting products. We have also used M&A activity to enhance our strategicposition. We completed anumber of small acquisitions during thequarter, including Opticore, Skymatter, and PlassoTech, allof which bring additional functionality to our 3D platforms, further enhancingour leadership in our coremarkets. And we recently announced our intent to acquire two others, HannaStrategies, a globalengineering services firm, and Robobat, aprovider of software for structural engineering design, engineering andanalysis. These initiatives area significantinvestment in ourfuture success that our competitors have been unable to match. As Al mentioned, we aremindful of the mixedeconomic indicators inthe market today.While this mixed data requires us to bemore cautious, we believe we have theright strategy, theright products and theright team to continue to succeed. Operator, we're ready for your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). And our first question comes from theline of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Merrill Lynch. Go ahead.
Jay Vleeschhouwer -Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good afternoon. Carl, I'll start with theobligatory channel question. Itappears that going into your fiscal '09, you're not going to make thesorts of channel changesthat you made at thebeginning of this year. Whatever changesyou make, the thinkingseems to be limited,if any. And can you comment if that is infact your intention that you will not make thechanges you madethis year? And if so, what other levers or investments you think you can make in'09 to guide the resellerstowards the mix andgrowth that you would like to seeout of them?
Carl Bass: SoJay, time for theobligatory channel answer. I think your assumption is correct. I think we madesignificant changes atthe beginning of thisyear. We don't anticipate doing anything nearly as dramatic going forward. We'vealways assumed that ittakes a while for ourchannel partners to digest some of these changes,internalize them and make changesin their own program inallocation of resources to maximize their businesses. And I think we're veryearly in those changes.We're pleased with thesuccess we've seen sofar, but it's going to take beyond theend of this year for them to fully incorporate it. And itwould be toodisruptive for us to beintroducing anything drastically new next year.
Jay Vleeschhouwer -Merrill Lynch: Okay. For Al, can you talk about thekinds of investments that you're going to beramping up significantly innext fiscal year? Carl alluded to some investments inthe channel andR&D and the like;could you perhaps put some scale on that interms of percentages of revenue or growth and how areyou ranking thepriorities for incremental investments?
Al Castino: Theareas we're investing inhave been fairly consistent, actually, for afew years now. So we'recontinuing to push further into 3D. We certainly areworking on interoperability, something we've been talking about, which willprovide customers more value out of our 3D offering. You'll continue to seeus make a number ofthese small acquisitions, and you have seen good examples this year. Andprimarily, looking for technology allows us to go deeper into our productofferings. In terms ofpercent, I think that themost important thing to keep inmind is allof it is built intoour guidance, built into our model. We make investments allthe time. SoI never really quantified atwhat percent we consider investments in, and that's actually not asimple thing for to us separate anyway, but it's built into our model. We'realways investing for growth, and we think our growth trend is large and thepriority for investment, those arethe areas we think thathave the most promisinggrowth. And those have been clear, just based on what we've been doing thelast couple of years.
Jay Vleeschhouwer -Merrill Lynch: Okay. Just two last things, geographic question. For you andmost of the peergroup, Europe hasbeen an especiallygood driver for growth. And what is your assumption about your ability tocontinue to see that inEurope over thenext year? And by thesame token, you're talking now about some improvements inJapan, where some of your closest peers have yet to seethat solid [work] counting on that, atleast in themechanical market, until well into thefirst half of '08. Sowhy are you seeing thisimprovement in Japansooner than the rest?And lastly, any comment on what you're seeing interms of attach rates or renewals inmaintenance? Any indications that thegrowth in maintenancemight be beginning to flowor that the attachrates are atsome risk of any kind?
Carl Bass: SoJay, let me answer acouple, and Al can jump in. On thegeographic distribution, two things I would sayabout EMEA again, about us and allof the other companies.Certainly, thebenefits that we've seen from currency areprimarily in EMEA. Sothat's artificially inflating some of theresults for everybody from EMEA. Theother thing to recognize about EMEA, itis by far, the mostdiversified geography inwhich there aredeveloped economies; Western Europe that looks incredibly like theUS, but it alsoincludes parts of Russia, Eastern Europe, parts of theMiddle East as well as Africa. So, that one is much more anaverage of two very different things going on. However, we continue to seebusiness being strong inEurope, including thedeveloped parts of Europe, but it's certainly getting aspecial bump in amuch more consistent way than some of theother developed economies. We've talked about good growth inLatin America, but it's also more volatile and morevariable, whereas what we've seen inEastern Europe and Middle East,it's much more consistent. As for Japan,all I can sayis, I can talk about us. I can't explain why SolidWorks is not doing as well asyou expect them to do. What I would sayis, we noted over thelast year that there were two things. There were some errors of our own doing,and there were some things inthe market inour approach with our channel partners, and we thought both of those neededfixing. We made significant changesin our salesmanagement team there, as well as theapproach to the marketin some of ourproducts. That new team hasforged new relationships and is working much better with our channel partners inexpanding the reachthere. So, we've always been alittle bit cautious about it, but it's starting to become atrend that we feel much more confident about.
Al Castino: Yeah, I'll add to it. We certainly dofeel much better about Japan,and probably, one reason we're doing better hasto be related withtheir products. That should have some impact on this. Interms of thesubscription, theattach rates, renewal rates areconsistent with what we've seen inthe past couple ofyears. You've seen thegrowth rate hasslowed down in thelast couple of years. Just alittle large numbers, as itbecomes a bigger base. But what you're seeing recently, thehigh 20s, that's very consistent with thegrowth goals we have over thecoming several years. Sowe feel good about thesubscription revenue base, and that base continues to grow, and we're doingvery well attaching new customers.
Carl Bass: Yeah, I mean theother thing that I'd sayabout [true] is we seeopportunity for upside there too. While we're happy with theresults we've seen, we allknow the number ofthings we could do tocertainly increase both the attach and renewal rates,and we're obviously working on those. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer -Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our next question comes from theline of Steve Ashley with Robert W. Baird. Go ahead.
Steve Ashley - RobertW. Baird: Hi, thank you. I have aquestion regarding guidance. If we look atthe guidance for theApril quarter, itlooks like themidpoint of that is flat with theJanuary quarter on asequential basis. I was just wondering, if we look atthe Design Solutionsbusiness, are thereany of the businesssegments within there inwhich you're taking amore cautious view, more conservative view than perhaps some of theothers?
Carl Bass: No. I think flat sequentially is consistent with theseasonality that we've seen over thelast few years. Remember, as you look back over thelot of years, you've got to look for different timings about release ofsoftware and promotions. But generally speaking, that seasonality hasbeen consistent with thelast few years. We no longer have thebig retirementprograms that we had, sothose promotions areno longer there, but nothing especially true there. When you look on thevarious disciplines within Design Solutions, I don't think there's anything we'redoing uniquely for anyone. I think it's consistent, and it's really anextrapolation of theperformance we've seen ineach of those units over thelast couple of years. There's nothing out there that we seeon the horizon that'saffecting positively or negatively to anextreme any of thedivisions more than theother. It really isjust a naturalextension of what we've seen before.
Steve Ashley - RobertW. Baird: Great. If I could ask one quick housekeeping question?
Carl Bass: You may getreprimanded, just like Jay.
Steve Ashley - RobertW. Baird: Yeah. I'll try to make this short. Inventor revenueyear-over-year, Al, I don't know --?
Al Castino: What was that again?
Steve Ashley - RobertW. Baird: If I could getthe percentage growth inInventor revenue, year-over-year? Thanks.
Al Castino: Itwas about --
Carl Bass: I think it's 19%.
Sue Pirri: 19%.
Carl Bass: 19%.
Al Castino: 19%.
Sue Pirri: 16%.
Carl Bass: 16%.
Al Castino: 16%.
Steve Ashley - RobertW. Baird: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from theline of Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse. Go ahead.
Phil Winslow - CreditSuisse: Hi, guys. Good quarter. Just wondering if you could justbreak down a littlebit for us what you're seeing by vertical across thegeographies, if anything is standing out from astrength or weakness perspective, beit commercialconstruction here in theUS or let's say, manufacturing over inEurope. Anything that stands out either which way?
Carl Bass: So acouple things are consistentwith what we talked about. Building industry and infrastructure worldwidecontinues to be goingstrong, so you canlook at infrastructureacross the world andsometimes people don't recognize how much of our software is used inthe infrastructuremarket. Any infrastructure is such abroad term, but it's everything, its roads and tunnels and bridges. It's water,waste water, electrical distribution. Allof that's in thecategory of infrastructure. Regardless of whether that's therefurbishment of infrastructure inplaces like the USor Western Europe or thebuild out of infrastructure inthe emergingeconomies, that continues to go well and seems insome ways less sensitive to some of thevariability caused by theeconomic ebbs and flows.
Phil Winslow - CreditSuisse: And Al, you mentioned that potentially maintaining highercash balances. Then when you dolook at fiscal 2009,how do you think aboutfully diluted shares outstanding as peryour EPS guidance and also just from abuyback perspective?
Carl Bass: Two things will stay inplace. I think you can assume shares will stay flat. And I think our buybackprogram will continue to beused to offset dilution from employee stock programs.
Al Castino: Yes, theshares outstanding will remain flat. Now obviously, thestock price impact is fully diluted too, but our goal remains to hold theshares outstanding flat.
Operator: Our next question comes from theline of Philip Alling with Bear Stearns. Go ahead.
Philip Alling - BearStearns: Thanks very much. With respect to thecommercial 3D growth that you reported this quarter, stronger for Revit andCivil 3D than what we seefor Inventor. So isthere something competitively within themanufacturing vertical or I guess increased penetration there that might givesome additional color as to therelative strength of Revit and Civil versus what we're seeing inInventor growth?
Carl Bass: SoI would say acouple of things is, number one, generally, the stronger growth we're seeing in 3D overall and 2D Vertical as a result of the programs we put in place to direct our channelpartners' attention to 3D and 2D it's a 3D and 2D Vertical. Ithink what you're seeing also is, some of thethings we've talked about for along time is just theproductivity, theefficiencies people aregetting from 3D arejust becoming clearer, and part of our acquisition strategy is to drive some ofthe uses of those 3Dmodels and people arebeginning to truly understand it. When itgets to manufacturing, we have always said we continue to outpace thegrowth of all of ourcompetitors, some of which aregrowing at trulyanemic rates. The mostimportant thing to look atin themanufacturing market is thefirst thing is we're competing inthe most interesting,fastest-growing part of themarket, which is what you might call themainstream market. There's this other part of themarket, which people like to refer to as high-end. I refer to itas dead end. It's the biglegacy systems that seem to begrowing at 2%, 3% aquarter, after allkinds of favorable accounting instrument treatment to getthem to 2% or 3%. Those arereally parts of themarket we wouldn't want to participate in. Sothe part of themarket we're in is themost interesting part, and we're growing faster than anyone else inthere, so but when youlook, compared to theother verticals, manufacturing is thesegment that is themost competitive for us.
Philip Alling - BearStearns: Okay. And just aquick follow-up for me, then, with respect to some of thecautious comments you made about growth outlook going forward and the13% to 15% that you were talking about with respect to fiscal '09 top-linegrowth, that would appear to bemoderating down some from prior comments about 15% long-term growth. Just wantto make sure that we're not misinterpreting there is sort of guidance as asort of moderation down inyour long-term growth outlook. Thanks.
Carl Bass: No, we'd reiterate the15% long-term growth rate. This year if you look atthe numbers for thisyear, it'll be at17%. I think thecomment you heard is we're being cautious. If anything, we're reflecting backmore of what we're hearing from you than what we're seeing inour business, which is that there is some uncertainty inthe credit markets andthere may be somespillover affect. So I'dsay we'd still with anumber of months to go inthis quarter and 15 months to theend of next year, we're being cautious, but we still remain confident inthe long-term goal of15% growth.
Al Castino: I also want to remind you ayear ago we told you13% to 15% too. We have five quarters to go, there's uncertainties with theeconomy; there's always going to beuncertainty for greater than five quarters away than there arein themiddle of the year. Soits perfectly in linewith our long-term growth rategoal.
Philip Alling - BearStearns: Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from theline of Brendan Barnicle with Pacific Crest Securities. Go ahead.
Brendan Barnicle -Pacific Crest Securities: Thank you, guys, I was looking atthe docount, which was anice update this quarter, and I looked atit relative to therevenue there and itlooks like we have anASP decline that goes on, and as I looked back atlast year, it lookslike the same thinghappened last year, albeit sowe'll have growth year over year, but as you progress through theyear it looks likethere's some seasonality maybe to that ASP. Can you give mean explanation as towhat goes on there that might beaccounting for some of that activity?
Carl Bass: Solet me give you acouple of things that go on. Soone of the importantthings is the mix ofwhere it comes from. Soa seat of Inventor inIndia or theMiddle East costs less than itdoes in theUnited States, so one of the things that the investor is in just the blend based on the different economies. Secondis things like promotions. We've had some promotions inwhich there've been cross-grades and other things, sosome of the things you'reseeing there arepromotions that come, and those tend to bemore seasonal. Often, we run thesame plays the sametime of the year, soI think you're probably seeing something there. I'd sayif you looked, if you looked generally speaking, when you narrowed itdown to anapples-for-apples comparison, ASPs aregenerally remaining constant, and we're forecasting and consistent with that. If you look down, therevenue growth was 29%. There was 29% revenue growth, and there was a13% seat growth. And oneof the other things that I did mentionthis, but you'll have to look atthe mix of those 3Dproducts. A goodexample is the differencebetween Inventor Series and Inventor Professional. Clearly, as we've gonethrough the last year,year and a half, theamount of Professional, theProfessional has been ahigher ratio. Sonumber of factors that go inthere in theaverage can sometimes bemisleading, but year over year theASPs are up.
Brendan Barnicle -Pacific Crest Securities: Great. That's very helpful. And then just on theacquisition announced today, any guidance on what contribution that adds to therevenue for next quarter or for next year?
Carl Bass: Very minimal contribution next quarter and even somewhatminimal for next year. It's not material for next year, given thecombination of thesize of the companyand the deferredrevenue write-down as aresult of theaccounting. It's not avery material number for next year, but it's taken into account inthe guidance that wegave you.
Brendan Barnicle -Pacific Crest Securities: Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from theline of Sasa Zorovic, with Goldman Sachs. Go ahead.
Sasa Zorovic -Goldman Sachs: Thank you. SoI want to stick with this 13% to 15% growth next year versus thelonger-term or 15%. Sobasically what that makes us think, if 15% stays longer-term, then there oughtto be then inacceleration thereafter. Is that not thecase, or should we bemaybe starting to think that thelonger-term growth there ought to start coming down?
Al Castino: Sasa, as I mentioned ayear ago, we also said 13% to 15% and got exactly thesame question, and when we look atyear back, when we look atit one year inadvance, so we're fivequarters in advance ofthe close I amsure, and theuncertainties aregreater than they would besix months from now. Sowe do believe 15%compounded growth rateover the subsequent fiveyears makes a lot ofsense. For any individual here, we're going to have some range of variance, andwe certainly take into account theuncertain economies. Theother uncertain events can happen five quarters out. But this is consistentwith how we've done guidance inthe past, and we thinkit's very consistent with acompounded growth rateof 15%.
Carl Bass: Yes, if you look atwhat Al said, last year we gave 13% to 15% guidance, and its 17%, and I thinkif you look back two years, we talked about 10% to 12% guidance and eventuallyposted 19% growth. I think it's really just due to theuncertainty of forecasting that far out. And certainly, as we sit here today,there's a variablelike what's going on with currency and credit and anumber of other things, and what we feel confident about is our business. Someof the more externalfactors, we're not comfortable doing alot of prognostication around.
Sasa Zorovic -Goldman Sachs: Sospecifically when you talk about credit, where doyou think sort of that areyou seeing any related weakness to it, or you're just being cautious, but you'renot seeing theweakness for the timebeing.
Carl Bass: I'm seeing iton the squawk box. Youcertainly look in thefinancial markets, and you can see. Allyou have to do is openthe newspaper orlisten on TV, and you can hear people talking about it. We haven't seen itimpacting our business yet and soour caution is really what we're hearing more from thefinancial markets. And we've certainly seen itin some of thelarge enterprise ITvendors. You hear them talking about apotential slowdown. Ithink the thing to remember about ourbusiness, and we try to outline some of these factors. There is areally technology shift going on inour business in this moveto 3D that people aregoing to power through any slight variations inthe economy inorder to get thatlevel of productivity and beable to be competitive,and we've said that for years. Soas long as theeconomy remains relatively healthy, we think people will continue to dothat. Some of those other trends we talk about, things about energy,sustainability, thebuild out of infrastructure, what's going on inthe emergingeconomies, we think those aretrends that areovercoming. Right now, if you ask meto look, the place Ihad the mostnervousness about it isnot because of our business; it's around theUS andfinancial markets. And it's really related to what went on inthe sub-prime lendingmarket and the falloutfrom that. Absent that, we're seeing really no difference inthe business.
Sasa Zorovic -Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from theline of Brian Essex with Morgan Stanley. Go ahead.
Brian Essex - MorganStanley: Hi, good afternoon. Just afew housekeeping items. I'm trying to geta sense for conversionto subscription; how penetrated is that, and I don't know if you can offer anestimate in terms ofyour addressable installed base, but how much doyou believe is converted to thesubscription, and maybe how much is left, and maybe perhaps therate that you thinkthat you can run at?
Al Castino: Well, our investor factsheet shows you thenumber of subscribers we have today, still under 1.4 million subscribers. Itstill has along way to run. I don'tknow exactly for sure how many we can getlong term, but I dothink a great majorityof our customers will go to subscription. SoI don't think we're atthe halfway mark, sowe can still growsubstantially.
Brian Essex - MorganStanley: Okay. And then you had quite healthy subscription bookings.I'm getting a littlebit over 24%, 25% year-over-year growth insubscription bookings. How much would you assume that that is from newsubscribers versus renewals?
Al Castino: Soyou're talking about thegrowth in thenumber of seats subscribed?
Brian Essex - MorganStanley: Not seat growth, but actual bookings.
Al Castino: Actual bookings.
Brian Essex - MorganStanley: Bookings through deferred revenue. I'm just trying to geta sense of how much ofthat is generated from attached versus new subscribers converted?
Al Castino: We don't separate that normally, but we said inthe past that it's agreat majority of customers who buy anew seat or upgrade to (inaudible) attach subscription. Soyou can probably build your own model based on that.
Brian Essex - MorganStanley: Sure. Okay. And then any changesin contract durationor anything on that side that should skew maybe acalculation of deferred and contribution maintenance going forward innext year?
Al Castino: There's always some customers that domore than 12 months, and we sell those separately as long-term deferredrevenue, but most customers aredoing 12 months.
Brian Essex - MorganStanley: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from theline of Ross MacMillan with Jefferies. Go ahead.
Ross MacMillan -Jefferies: Yeah, thank you. Al, one for you. Since thelast quarter's guidance you've had quite asignificant sequential shift incurrency. So I'm justtrying to understand; as you set guidance, what's your base line for goingforward from acurrency perspective, is itthe average of thelast quarter; is that as of theclose of the quarter?Is that as of the date?Can you help meunderstand that? Thanks.
Al Castino: We haven't changedwhat had we do with currency, otherthan that there's been alot of volatility, and we've just come across about it. But we always leave asmall buffer between current rates and what we use for our guidance, mainlybecause we don't want to wake up thenext morning in avolatile market and already seethat our guidance is off. Sowe always have some buffer. Ithas been very volatilerecently, though. And soif I look at itin terms of standarddeviations, I might well make thebuffer the same numberof standard deviations, but that can changethe actual pennies.But our method hasbeen pretty consistent with thepast.
Ross MacMillan -Jefferies: Soyou do leave abuffer. That's helpful. And then one other quick one. On thearchitecture on building side, Carl, I wouldn't saybeen without competition, but thecompetition there hasbeen relatively weak and probably hasgot progressively weaker as you've furthered your whole [VIM] strategy. As youlook forward, are youconcerned or are youthinking about thepotential for maybe another player to enter that market more aggressively? How doyou gauge that risk? Thanks.
Carl Bass: Soone of the differencesin thecompetition in justbuilding and infrastructure market is due to thenature of the workitself; it's much more local. Soour competition is actually quite strong; it's just quite local. Soyou don't see thesame large-scale global companies competing against us, but we have quitestrong competition allover the world inboth infrastructure and building. I think there's always going to benew entrants into this market. I think there continue to be. I think theone thing I could sayabout the buildingmarket in general whenyou just think about, is ithas benefited lessfrom information technology than some of theother markets. So whenyou look at itas a whole, you say,manufacturing and building on aworldwide basis areabout the same interms of total GDP. But if you were to just grossly estimate it, manufacturing,about 5% of the spendinggoes to IT. Inbuilding and construction, it's about 0.5%. Sowhat I would sayhappening is there may bemore entrants into themarket. But the realtrick is growing thepie for both us and everybody else inthis market, because I think many of theefficiencies that industries like manufacturing have seen haven't yet visited theconstruction industry. SoI think there'll beother opportunities for more people to join and certainly our success and whatothers have done indriving the adoptionof 3D will lead to more opportunities for more people to join in. But I think themost important thing for everybody is to drive themarket, understand thebenefits of information technology and growthe pie for everybody.
Ross MacMillan -Jefferies: That makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from theline of Brad Manuilow with American Technology. Go ahead.
Brad Manuilow -American Technology: Thanks for taking my question. Just aquick question on upgrade revenue. Wondering how we should look atthe long-term growthrate, and what impact, if any, cross-grades will have on that. Thanks.
Al Castino: Well, our strategy hasbeen for several years now to movecustomers to subscription. Sowe don't see upgraderevenue as an areathat is going to grow. We really want our customers to moveto subscription contracts.
Carl Bass: I think what --
Sue Pirri: Allcontracts areincluded.
Carl Bass: Yeah, I think what we've pointed out inthe past is maybe thebest way to look at it,and certainly the waywe view it is that ifyou take subscriptions and add itto upgrades and cross-grades, it's thebest indication of what's happening inthe existing user baseand viewed as a whole asa good way to look atwhat goes on there, as opposed to individual elements. But if you just projectforward, we think standalone upgrades should continue to go down.
Brad Manuilow -American Technology: Is there anyway to getany granularity on how much cross-grades contribute to upgrade revenues?
Sue Pirri: Brad, we haven't broken that out separately. As thetrue upgrade part becomes less and less meaningful, that'll besomething we will look atgoing forward.
Brad Manuilow -American Technology: But just soI make sure I understand this correctly, soif someone upgrades from a2D product to a 3Dproduct, does that revenue show up inupgrade revenue or in 3Drevenue?
Sue Pirri: It's inthe line that'sincluded on thefactsheet as upgrade revenue. Upgrade is adifferent slice, itwould also be in3D revenue.
Brad Manuilow -American Technology: Okay. Alright. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from theline of Brent Thill with Citi. Go ahead.
Brent Thill - Citi: Hey Carl. I'm just curious; Microsoft on their last earningscall mentioned that they had apretty strong tailwind as itrelated to piracy, and itwas about a 5%increase for Vista. I'm just curious if you're startingto see any betterimpact as it relatesto some of theemerging markets related to piracy, if you're seeing asimilar tailwind as well?
Carl Bass: I don't think we've seen. Remember, Microsoft introducedsome new technology with Vista that enabled them todeter piracy more than they were able to before. Sothey're at aslightly different point. Where we areright now, we're not seeing anything noticeably different interms of piracy. I would saythough, speaking overall, there's ageneral improvement inthe enforcement ofintellectual property inmany of the emergingeconomies.
Brent Thill - Citi: And just aquick follow-up on theM&A strategy. You've been doing alot of small tuck-ins and certainly like Maya was thelast big one that youdid. Should we expect asimilar trajectory insome of these smaller deals, or how areyou thinking about that going forward? Thanks.
Carl Bass: I think, Brent, what you'll seeis really acontinuation of thesame. Lots of small technology tuck-in acquisitions really docompliment some of thetrends that we think areimportant out there. It's really almost entirely to enhance our 3D strategyaround design creation, around analysis and simulation and visualization. Almostall fall into thatcategory of acquiring good, smart people who arepassionate and knowledgeable and some technology. I think, what we've said allalong is some of theother acquisitions, like theAlias one, just because of thebusiness we're in, will bemore opportunistic and certainly rarer.
Brent Thill - Citi: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question is afollow up from theline of Richard Davis with Needham.Go ahead.
Richard Davis - Needham: Hey, thanks very much. Quick question. With regard tosimulation, I know everyone thinks that that'll bea bigthing, and I would agree with that. Can you tell us, doyou have a sense ofroughly what percentage of your 3D customers areactually using simulation, either partners or some of thesmaller little companies that you've acquired that have that featurefunctionality?
Carl Bass: I think bigvariation, Richard, across thespectrum. I think inmanufacturing, where it's amuch more developed science, many of our 3D customers, I can't quantify itprecisely, but more than half of ourcustomers who do 3Dmanufacturing have been using things like finite element analysis, things like allkinds of simulation around thefactory floor, much more common there. I think when you getinto things like infrastructure, as well as building, much less. And if I justhad to put a roughguess at it, probablyless than 10% of thedesigns have significant use of analysis and simulation. There might bea little bit more whenyou get to specificdisciplines, like structural engineering, which of course alluse modern analysis techniques.
Richard Davis - Needham: Got it. Now, that's helpful. Thanks alot.
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And our next question comes from theline of Gene Munster with Jefferies. Go ahead.
Gene Munster -Jefferies: Hey, good afternoon. Taking astep back and looking atthe international, Iknow we've had several questions around it. But clearly it's one of thedialing parts of your business. How aggressively areyou guys trying to getbigger into theinternational markets interms of hiring specifically? Thanks.
Carl Bass: SoGene, I think we've recognized this trend inthe emerging economiesfor a while. One of thereasons why we have such adiversified business today is we've invested insome of these places for along time. We'vetalked about being in Chinadoing business for more than 10 years. And soI think two things, one is we're very aggressive inmaking sure we continue to increase our staff, that we continue to make surethat we have the rightchannel partners and that our channel partners growthere. And I think depending on thecountry, things like what goes on inthe education market,interaction with thegovernment, are allimportant parts of anoverall holistic strategy. But when you look atthe industries we'rein, it would becrazy for us not to invest inemerging economies. Allyou have to do is getoff the plane inChina, and youlook, and you see thecranes, the buildingof infrastructure, therecognition that most manufactured products areincreasingly [have] entirely or components coming from China.Add to that theemergence of affluent middle class with disposable income who partake inthings like consumer products as well as media and entertainment. That's thesame dynamic we're seeing allover the world as you getbig portions of thepopulation moving to urban areas and becoming more affluent. So, it's avery important thing, and I think theresults bear it out.
Gene Munster -Jefferies: We went on 51Job, which is theMonster of China, and so, 540 jobson the site for ADTarchitects. And I don't know, I just would think itwould be agreat return on your investment if you guys just invested inmore people on thegrounds who are tryingto stamp out some of that piracy. I know you've done some grassroots efforts inthe past; itjust seems like that could bea much biggeropportunity than it's presently been.
Carl Bass: Yes, I think you're absolutely right. I think already thereis greater opportunity. And I think what we're always trying to dois continue to make people who illegally use our software payfor the software, andthere's certainly, as we talked about, probably 5 to 10 times as many peoplewho use our software as payfor it. So we wouldvery much like to seethem pay for it. Atthe same times, wewant to beappropriately considerate of our paying customers and not make using ourproducts more difficult for thelegitimate licensee. So, there's alittle bit of abalancing act, but I dothink it's a veryimportant thing, and we're continuing to look atways to do that. Someof them involve work with government organization, some with tradeorganizations, some comes from enlightened self interest inthese countries, as well as there aresome things that can bedone technologically.
Gene Munster -Jefferies: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude thetime we have for questions today. I'd like to turn thecall back over to management for any closing remarks. Please proceed.
Sue Pirri: Thank you, operator. We thank you allfor joining us today, and if you have any questions, feel free to give investorrelations a call, andwe'll help walk you through any questions you have. Thanks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation intoday's conference. That does conclude thepresentation. You may now disconnect. Have awonderful day.

===== 2008 Q2  (2007-08-16 17:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Sue Pirri - Vice President, Investor Relations   Carl Bass - President, Chief Executive Officer, Director   Alfred J. Castino - Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President 
Analysts: Gene A. Munster - Piper Jaffray   Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch   Heather Bellini - UBS   A. Sasa Zorovic - Goldman Sachs   Philip Alling - Bear Stearns   Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities   Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird   Brent Thill - Citigroup   Peter Kuper - Morgan Stanley   Daniel Cummings - Bank of America Securities   Victor Churamani - Lehman Brothers 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you very much for your patience and welcome to the second quarter 2008 AutoDesk Incorporated earnings conference call. My name is Bill and I’ll be your conference coordinator for today. (Operator Instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to your host for today’s conference, Ms. Sue Pirri, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed. 
Sue Pirri: Thank you, Operator. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us today as we report results for our second quarter of fiscal 2008. With me today are Carl Bass and Al Castino. Today’s conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available by webcast on our website, www.autodesk.com/investor.  During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the future performance of the company, our guidance for the third and fourth fiscal quarters and for fiscal year 2008, the factors we use to estimate our guidance for those periods, our competitive position, our future business prospects and revenue growth, our market opportunities and trends for our products in various geographies.  We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time to time with the SEC and specifically our 10-K for fiscal year 2007, our 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2007, and our periodic 8-K filings, including the 8-K filed with today’s press release.  These documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause the actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements.  In adherence to regulation fair disclosure, AutoDesk will provide quarterly information and forward-looking guidance in its quarterly financial results press release and this publicly announced financial results conference call. We will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum.  AutoDesk does not assume any obligation to update the forward-looking statements provided to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the day in which they were made.  During the call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures will be provided either on this conference call or can be found in today’s press release, made available on our website at www.autodesk.com/investor.  Now I would like to turn the call over to Carl Bass. 
Carl Bass: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Today AutoDesk reported another quarter of strong financial performance. Quarterly revenue was a record $526 million, a 17% increase over last year. Diluted earnings per share were $0.38 on a GAAP basis and $0.44 non-GAAP.  As you know, our customers work and compete in a different world today than even a few years ago. Globalization, worldwide building expansion, development and rejuvenation of infrastructure, the rising cost of energy, and the increasing drive to keep data digital. These are important macro economic trends driving our customers to search for tools to increase innovation and work more efficiently in order to improve their competitive position.  These global changes are creating significant growth opportunities for AutoDesk. At investor day, we updated you on our strategy to capitalize on the opportunities these challenges create. Our results this quarter demonstrate we are executing soundly against that strategy.  Adoption of our 3D model design products and our 2D vertical products continue to increase. With 3D, customers set the foundation for digital prototyping. Our 2D vertical products provide customers the best of 2D AutoCAD design and documentation, and enhanced by industry-specific functionality.  As you know, at the beginning of 2008, we implemented changes to our partner incentive programs to continue to shift reseller focus to selling vertical and 3D products. These changes are having the desired effect.  As I said, revenues from both 3D and 2D vertical were at record levels in the second quarter as resellers increased their focus on these important products.  Revenues from new seats of our products were also at record levels this quarter. New seat sales are an important indicator of the health of our business. This was the first full quarter of sales for the 2008 family of products and market acceptance has been terrific. Our products provide customers the ability to be more innovative, productive, and ultimately more competitive.  We continue to win market share and increase revenues faster than our competition. Strong execution, coupled with increasing power and improving price performance ratios for processing power, memory and bandwidth are enabling our mission to deliver 3D to he broadest possible markets.  Our competitors are finding it increasingly difficult to sell legacy products -- hard to use, expensive to implement, and unable to keep up with the needs of today’s customers.  As we continue to increase our competitive separation, we have increased our investment in R&D over the past 12 months to bring new products to market and create exciting new versions of existing products. Both AutoDesk and our resellers have increased our investment in sales and marketing by increasing our marketing program spend and adding sales staff.  For example, during the first half of the year, AutoDesk resellers added more than 200 people in the Americas alone. That is a significant investment in our future success.  We also used M&A activity to enhance our strategic position. During the quarter, we completed the acquisition of NavisWorks, a provider of software for 3D coordination, collaboration and sequencing in the AEC, shipbuilding and plant design industries. We have also announced two other acquisitions, Opticore and Skymatter.  Opticore technology leverages CAD information to reduce the need for physical prototypes, shorten development cycles, and increase communication by producing believable, highly interactive and realistic 3D product visualizations and presentations.  Skymatter’s 3D brush-based modeling tool, Mudbox, allows users to sculpt organic shapes in 3D space with brush-like tools -- 
Operator: Okay, sir, you may resume. 
Carl Bass: Okay. Sorry for that. We continue to win market share and increase revenues faster than our competition. Strong execution coupled with increasing power and improving price pro forma ratios for processing power, memory and bandwidth are enabling our mission to deliver 3D to the broadest possible markets.  Our competitors are finding it increasingly difficult to sell legacy products -- hard to use, expensive to implement, and unable to keep up with the needs of today’s customers.  And we continue to increase our competitive separation. We have increased our investment in R&D over the past 12 months to bring new products to market and create exciting new versions of existing products. Both AutoDesk and our resellers have increased our investment in sales and marketing by increasing our marketing program spend and adding sales staff.  For example, during the first half of the year, AutoDesk resellers added more than 200 people in the Americas alone. That is a significant investment in our future success.  We also used M&A activity to enhance our strategic position. During the quarter, we completed the acquisition of NavisWorks, a provider of software for 3D coordination, collaboration and sequencing in the AEC, shipbuilding and plant design industries.  We have also announced two other acquisitions, Opticore and Skymatter.  Opticore technology leverages CAD information to reduce the need for physical prototypes, shorten development cycles, and increase communication by producing believable, highly interactive and realistic 3D product visualizations and presentations.  Skymatter’s 3D brush-based modeling tool, Mudbox, allows users to sculpt organic shapes in 3D space with brush-like tools which allow a simple and intuitive method for creative modeling, prototyping and detailing. These acquisitions will further enhance our leadership in our core markets.  I am very pleased with our results and the continued momentum in our business. Now I would like to turn the call over to Al for a detailed discussion of the financial results. 
Alfred J. Castino: Thanks, Carl. Once again, AutoDesk delivered great performance this quarter. As Carl said, net revenues grew 17% compared to the second quarter of last year to $526 million. GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.38, which is higher than expected, primarily due to lower-than-anticipated tax and other costs associated with the recently completed voluntary stock option review. Non-GAAP fully diluted EPS was $0.44.  Customer demand for AutoDesk products was very strong again this quarter. The partner incentive program changes we implemented at the beginning of fiscal 2008 are having the desired effect. Revenues from vertical and 3D products showed strong growth in the second quarter, as dealers increased their focus on these important products.  Revenues from our model-based 3D solutions, Inventor, Revit and Civil 3D, were $122 million, an increase of 34% over the second quarter of last year. Without the change in the unit price for 3D, the growth rates would have been several points higher.  During the quarter, we shipped more than 39,000 commercial seats of our 3D products. In addition to our robust 3D growth, revenues from 2D vertical products increased 22% compared to the second quarter of last year.  Revenue growth in emerging economies continues to significantly outpace growth in developed economies. Quarterly revenue in emerging economies increased 37% over last year and represents 15% of total quarterly revenues.  Compared to the second quarter of last year, revenues from new seats increased 17%.  Upgrade revenue and maintenance revenue from subscriptions combined increased 16% over the second quarter of last year. As expected, total upgrade revenue decreased slightly. Crossgrade revenue, which is included in total upgrade revenue, increased 29% over the second quarter of last year.  Maintenance revenue from subscriptions was $132 million, an increase of 27% compared to a particularly strong second quarter of last year. As well, the increase in the number of users on subscription was smaller than the past as we removed the subscription offering associated with a few products.  While we are confident that our subscription program will remain strong, we do expect future subscription growth to be more moderate than in prior years.  Each of our geographies grew substantially compared with the second quarter of last year. Revenue in the Americas was $195 million, an increase of 16%. EMEA revenues were $204 million, an increase of 17% as reported, and 10% constant currency. While growth in EMEA was not as robust as we have seen in recent quarters, we are very confident that EMEA will show strong results in the second half of the year.  Asia-Pacific revenues increased 18% to $127 million. Revenues in Japan increased 5% over last year. As I said last quarter, we believe that our business in Japan has stabilized and we remain optimistic about continued improvement going forward.  Now let’s look at divisional performance. Revenue from Platform Solutions increased 8% over the second quarter of last year to $241 million. AutoCAD LT had a strong quarter, growing 13% over last year. As we mentioned earlier, the changes in our incentive programs have shifted dealer focus to selling 2D vertical and 3D products and away from AutoCAD. As well, AutoCAD upgrade revenue decreased as planned.  AutoCAD revenue increased 4% compared to last year. However, the more relevant measure given our strategy is the growth of all AutoCAD-based products in total, which grew 12%.  Total revenue for our Manufacturing Solutions division increased 31% over the second quarter of last year to $99 million. This far exceeds the growth of our competitors, such as SolidWorks, the American subsidiary of Dassault, which grew just 4% in their latest quarter.  Inventor revenue increased 60% compared to last year. We shipped more than 11,000 commercial seats of Inventor in the quarter. Revenue from new seats of Inventor increased 23% compared to last year.  AutoCAD Mechanical had another great quarter, increasing revenue 53% over last year. In total, we shipped more than 68,000 seats to our users in the manufacturing market.  AEC Solutions revenue increased 33% over last year to $119 million. The building industry is rapidly adopting the concept of building information modeling, both in the U.S. and abroad, driving strong Revit results.  Revenues from our Revit family of products increased 68% over the second quarter of last year. We shipped more than 21,000 commercial seats of Revit. Civil 3D also had a great quarter, growing 36% over last year on 7,200 commercial seats.  Media and Entertainment revenue increased 6% over last year to $62 million. Animation revenue increased 16% over last year while revenue from advanced systems declined 3%.  The success of our Linux-based offerings continues to drive increases in average selling prices for advanced systems as we transition away from proprietary SGI hardware. While this decline has a negative impact on revenue, it has improved the systems gross margin substantially.  Revenues from Luster, our color grading solution, declined in the quarter due to some past product quality issues which we have now resolved.  Moving to the rest of the income statement, gross margins were 90% on a GAAP basis and 91% non-GAAP. Our gross margins improved two percentage points on a G&A basis and three percentage points non-GAAP. The improvement was primarily due to increased gross margins on our advanced systems Linux solutions, as I just mentioned, as well as continuing to benefit from strong software license sales and productivity improvements in our operations.  Operating expenses were $411 million GAAP and $385 million non-GAAP. Operating expenses were lower than expected due to lower spending as well as a technology investment that was recorded in other income and expense instead of operating expense.  Excluding the items I mentioned above, operating income was $150 million GAAP and $141 million non-GAAP. Our operating margin was 22% GAAP and 27% non-GAAP.  Our tax rate in the quarter was 22% GAAP and 25% non-GAAP. The GAAP tax rate was lower than expected, due primarily to timing of tax benefits related to stock option exercises recorded under FAS-123R.  Net income was $92 million GAAP and $108 million non-GAAP.  Total shares outstanding decreased by almost 2 million shares to 229 million. There were 244 million shares used in calculating non-GAAP diluted earnings per share.  Compared to rates we use when we set our guidance for the second quarter, foreign currency rates impacted our results by an insignificant amount. Compared to the second quarter of last year, foreign currency impacts was $12 million favorable on revenues and $5 million unfavorable on expenses. Compared to last quarter, the foreign currency impact was $4 million favorable on revenues and $2 million unfavorable on expenses.  Turning to the balance sheet, cash and investments decreased as expected to $827 million. During the quarter, we received $84 million from employee stock plan exercises of 5.2 million shares. We used $325 million to buy back 7.1 million shares. We will continue to repurchase shares under our previously authorized share repurchase program to offset dilution from stock options and we expect over time that our cash balance will trend down.  Cash from operating activities was $137 million, which is down from the second quarter of last year due to the timing of balance sheet movements in the prior year. We used net cash of $21 million for acquisitions.  Total deferred revenues increased $12 million sequentially to $412 million. Deferred maintenance revenues from subscription increased $12 million sequentially and $100 million over the second quarter of last year.  Unshipped product orders, or shippable backlog, were $21 million, an increase of $2 million sequentially and were flat compared to the second quarter of last year. Total backlog, including deferred revenues and unshipped product orders, increased $15 million sequentially to $433 million.  Channel inventory was flat with the first quarter and remains below three weeks.  Days sales outstanding was 48 days this quarter as we continue to see good business linearity.  We are very pleased with our second quarter results. Now I would like to turn to guidance.  We are feeling very good about our business around the world heading into the third quarter and as a result are raising our guidance for the third quarter and the year. We currently expect third quarter revenue in the range of $530 million to $540 million. GAAP earnings per diluted share are expected to be in the range of $0.34 and $0.36. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.47 and $0.49.  Net revenues for the fourth quarter are expected to be between $575 million and $585 million. GAAP earnings per diluted share are expected to be in the range of $0.42 and $0.44. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.52 and $0.54.  For fiscal year 2008, net revenues are expected to be between $2.14 billion and $2.16 billion, a growth rate of 16% to 17% over the last fiscal year. Full year GAAP earnings per diluted share are expected to be in the range of $1.48 and $1.52. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $1.87 and $1.91, a growth rate of 22% to 25%.  We continue to expect our tax rate for all of fiscal 2008 to be between 25% and 26%.  Now I will turn it back over to Carl. 
Carl Bass: Thanks, Al. Before we begin taking your questions, I would like to share a few final thoughts. AutoDesk had a terrific second quarter. Despite considerable noise in the market about the residential housing market, the credit crunch, our competitors’ poor performance, and the impact of changes to our resellers incentive programs, once again we concentrated on execution and once again we delivered strong results. And we are confident about the future.  We are confident because we have the right strategy and our growth drivers remain firmly in place. Our mainstream 3D solutions are increasing in market awareness and adoption. Emerging markets remain a source of outstanding growth and we continue to win market share, as evidenced by record revenue from new seats in emerging businesses, which continue to represent approximately two-thirds of total revenue.  We continue to improve our strategic position through investment in R&D and sales and marketing, as well as through acquisitions. AutoDesk solutions provide the competitive advantage our customers need. Our product innovation and quality, coupled with quick orientation and ease of use, produce fast return on investment for our customers. We are raising our revenue and EPS guidance for the third quarter and the year to reflect our optimism.  Operator, we are ready to take questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Gene Munster of Piper Jaffray. Please proceed. 
Gene A. Munster - Piper Jaffray: Good afternoon and congratulations. Carl, the 3D growth was really sprung back, up 34% year over year, it was 19% last quarter. Obviously that’s a key metric that we are all focusing in on and I know that you’ve made some changes to the channel to really accelerate that and it seems that that’s working.  How should we be thinking about -- just kind of manage our expectations for 3D growth going forward. Is it kind of in this range? I know before last quarter it was kind of in the 30% to 35% range. Is that what we should think about for 3D growth rates going forward? 
Carl Bass: Gene, by the way, I’m glad you’re still with us. I thought we lost everyone for a while.  The rule of thumb we’ve given out on this is that our 3D growth rate should be probably twice our 2D growth rate is a good way to think about it over the long-term. Clearly as our 3D base grows, the rate of growth is going to slow but I generally think if you look at our long-term financial targets of 15% growth, easy to accomplish that with our 3D growth being twice the 2D growth.  The other thing I would just add is while I think the channel program changes we made are having the desired effect, it is still a little bit lumpy in terms of results and so I wouldn’t get too wound up about a quarter. We ask you always to look over a several-quarter period as the moving average is probably a better reflection of what’s really going on. There’s still some lumpiness around when we release product and the adoption of those products. 
Gene A. Munster - Piper Jaffray: Should we think about it as kind of a 25% to 35% growth for next quarter for 3D? Is that kind of a fair range? 
Carl Bass: I would put it in the mid-20s, mid- to high-20s. 
Gene A. Munster - Piper Jaffray: Okay, and then second is the LT crossgrade promo. Obviously that was going this quarter. You’ve kind of brought that back. I know you had gone to that a few quarters ago. Maybe talk a little bit about why you brought it back and is this something that has a material impact on the October quarter? Or is this more or less just part of everyday business? 
Carl Bass: Just to start back with -- it’s not going to have a material impact. You know, we continue to think that there’s a segment of the LT base and it really is only a small segment, that given the opportunity, when we create awareness around our 3D products and our vertical products, those really are the right choices. There’s a large part of the LT population where LT is really the best product for them. So we will continue to offer that periodically and I would characterize it as you did, as just part of our normal business. 
Gene A. Munster - Piper Jaffray: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer of Merrill Lynch. Please proceed. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Carl, I would like to ask you about what you think is, for the intermediate term, correlated to the business? That is to say, you don’t think the housing index correlates, you’ve talked about some positive longer term trends, such as infrastructure building. You don’t think that the recent credit concerns correlate. So what if anything would you look at as some sort of intermediate corollary to the business? And I have some follow-ups. 
Carl Bass: Jay, I sense and share your frustration. We have looked for one single metric that would even be a lagging indicator, let alone a leading indicator of our business. We’ve employed economists, kind of metrics experts to look at it and just -- probably the best thing is to return to this idea that our business is fairly diversified across industry segments and very diversified across geographies, and for that reason alone it becomes really hard to correlate it with any single metric.  I would say along with that, our business no doubt rises and falls with the economy, you know, generally speaking. I can’t be a lot more specific. We’ve not been able to target it but as the economy does well, we do better.  I’ve also at times talked about I think at the extremes in the bell curve of economic activity are actually where we perform worse and in the middle is where we perform best. In really bad times of economic, and not financial, of economic activity, people are worried about other issues and when growth gets too robust, people start focusing on just getting their job done. In that big fat middle section is where we do well, so I don’t have a crisp answer for how you tie our business to anything specifically.  The only other thing I’d repeat in some ways, the best indication that we’ve found of our business is kind of like the weather. The best predictor of the weather tomorrow is the weather today, and so we do better by extrapolating the trends in our business than we’ve been able to tie it to any external measures. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Let’s talk about the channel for a second. Notwithstanding the revenues in quarter and your comments about the incentives beginning to have an effect, you are undoubtedly aware that there’s been some pretty visible examples of resellers having to experience some compressed margin, the publicly held ones, the privately held ones talk about that. That may be temporary but talk about the light at the end of the tunnel, so to say, as to when the margin pressures, pursuant to the incentive changes for 3D, can come to an end and ultimately the channel comes out better than before by virtue of the changes you’ve made towards 3D. 
Carl Bass: Sure. Well, first of all, you took away my two best arguments in your question by not letting me talk about the health of the business. But when you focus really on the channel, the first thing to think about with the channel is what we’ve really done is we’ve taken the incentives and we’ve moved it around. There’s no more money coming to us as a result of this. This is really reallocating incentives in order to drive behavior. And so for every negative comment you hear out there, there is somebody else who is benefiting as a result of their changed behavior.  What I think you got an extra dose of this time is that the public companies tend to be the larger ones and the ones that may move slower. There are many out there that are doing really well and the ones who saw the signals coming for two or three years were really well-positioned to take advantage of this.  I think the other thing is, only being slightly sarcastic, is that somehow some of our resellers believe the most effective way to communicate their grumblings is to talk to you guys. And with all due respect, I would say that the resellers who have enough time to talk to you guys are missing out on opportunities to sell more 3D product. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: All right, but the answer to the question as far as when the margins get back to where they were -- 
Carl Bass: No, no, let me be clear -- the margins are already higher for many of our resellers. So it’s not a question of time. About any individual reseller, it all depends on their behavior but in this quarter, in quarter two, there are resellers who have much higher gross margins as a result of the changes in the incentive program. This is not something that gets feathered in over time. People’s behavior may make it that way but there are people who are already benefiting and any of the ones that you spoke to had the opportunity this quarter as well as they have the opportunity next quarter. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: All right, a couple of last things; at the analyst day, you introduced the notion of your doing more large transactions, or large for you, over $100,000 and over $1 million. Any update on how you are doing in that respect? And then finally, your business was up in Japan. Was that just an extraordinarily easy compare or are you in fact fixing the problem that seems to be so widespread in your industry in that market. 
Carl Bass: Let’s start with the large deals. Let me just qualitatively say I think all the trends we talked about with large deals continue. We continue to see large deals but we also said at the analyst day that we weren’t going to provide updates through the year. Sure we’ll talk about it again in the spring but all the things we said, no changes that we are seeing there. If anything, there’s probably more of that because of all the reasons you know in the market in terms of our products being sold to larger corporations and more strategic position of our 3D products and some of our 2D products. So large deals continue.  It’s sad to say in some ways, but we did make an easy compare for ourselves in Japan. It wasn’t intentional but I think the real answer is we think we’ve stabilized the business. We think we may have gone beyond stabilizing the business. I don’t want to be too quick to predict that but we talked about for the last couple of quarters a number of changes we made in terms of programmatic stuff, some channel changes, some management changes. We think all of that is contributing. We are really bullish about the efforts that sit there on the ground but I don’t want to declare victory too early. 
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. (Operator Instructions) Your next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini of UBS. Please proceed. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Hi, everybody. I just had a question, I guess as a comment, we’re obviously very happy that you guys raised guidance. You’ve got some people out there though that are now concerned how much visibility does the company really have to feel comfortable raising revenue guidance in a market like this where there’s obviously all the concerns about housing and all the concerns about non-residential construction.  I was just wondering if you could just share with us the confidence in the pipeline that you are seeing in terms of being able to raise your guidance level for the next quarter and for the fiscal year. Thank you. 
Carl Bass: In some ways, Heather, our actions kind of speak for themselves. We carefully considered it. There’s no doubt that the financial markets are volatile now. The equity markets are volatile. There’s a lot of movement going on out there. There’s no doubt about it. There’s a lot of anxiety.  The interesting thing is that from our point of view, it continues to remain financial rather than economic and it hasn’t really translated into anything we’ve seen in our business. I would go back to also remember the diversification of the business and so while -- just to pick on a couple of issues, one, we’ve gone out of our way to try to say that even in the best of times, residential construction has nothing to do with our business. The non-residential obviously does.  I think the place at which these external concerns might manifest themselves in terms of our business are things like if the credit crunch, if they are raising interest rates to the point where they start effecting project starts, new product development. At that point, I would suggest we are in a much more difficult economic environment than even people, even than some of the bears are suggesting today.  I think we have a long way to go to that point but right now, our customers have a full pipeline of work. We double-checked and triple-checked our internal pipelines with our sales guys. We tried pushing them off the pedestal. We were unsuccessful. They remain very confident. We checked with our reseller community. They remain confident. We did this with our eyes fully open. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: And then just one follow-up, the ADI index for people who look at that in terms a look at non-residential construction, is that something that you monitor at all in terms of looking at the point where projects start and product might get impacted? 
Carl Bass: No, you know what, we don’t look at it at all. I think our best indication is certainly through our clients, which in many ways, design projects, the design part of the project starts much earlier and so we see these design projects and in some ways, we’ve always imagined we should be a leading indicator because some of the design projects are in the works for two to three years before they actually turn into a construction start. What we have seen from architects and engineers is that the pipeline continues to be full.  The other thing that’s interesting is, I mean, as we’ve dissected this a little more, there are sectors of the non-commercial market that are affected by things like credit rates, so interest rates do matter. There are others, like some of the institutional stuff, some of the government stuff, universities, that are going to continue to build not willy nilly but are not very much affected by the day-to-day economics. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Thank you very much, Madam. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of Sasa Zorovic of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed. 
A. Sasa Zorovic - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. My question would be regarding Europe. You mentioned that it was I guess overall sort of a strong performance across geographies. That was one that was potentially sort of the weakest and I guess 10% growth in terms of constant currency. So what’s really going on there? What is driving that? 
Carl Bass: I think one of the things when we look at Europe is that we think Europe is going to be really strong in the second half of the year. We pointed that out. I think it will have a growth rate that is comparable to what is going on in the rest of the world. Not the emerging countries, of course, but we think it will be comparable I think in some of the artifacts of it being Q2, summer, new product introduction, crosses the boundary into Q2 for our localized language products. But we are confident about the second half of the year in Europe. 
A. Sasa Zorovic - Goldman Sachs: Okay, then my follow-up would be regarding competition. You mentioned SolidWorks. How about Solid Edge in particular, after they have been bought by Siemens? Or Parametric, for that matter? Could you tell us a little bit more sort of how your winning market share really kind of differs across these competitors? 
Carl Bass: Generally speaking, the company out there, there’s Dassault, there’s USG, now part of Siemens, and Parametric. I mean, the simplest thing to look at is just look at the growth rates to see that we are gaining market share. Over the last couple of years, the product that has been the most competitive has been SolidWorks. That clearly slowed down this quarter.  As we’ve talked about, when you look at the other vendors and their CAD products, that tends to be one of the weaker parts of their portfolio, both in terms of investment and development and certainly from growth rates. If you were to take most of the other CAD products out in the market, it would probably be in low single digit rates. And we have growth rates for comparable products or mechanical design products, 20%, 30% kind of growth rates.  I think it really is this -- our product is in the sweet spot of its life. It’s a mature product. It’s very capable. It’s very compatible with our other products, as well as we are one of the companies out there that offers a complete solution for manufacturers.  I think we have the right product offering, the right product, the right time, it’s on the right platform and then it comes down to execution. I think a number of other companies have a number of challenges across the board. 
A. Sasa Zorovic - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of Philip Alling of Bear Stearns. Please proceed. 
Philip Alling - Bear Stearns: Thanks very much. Last quarter you gave a little visibility with respect to the penetration of subscription into the AutoCAD base. Could you bring us up to speed in terms of where you think the penetration is now and just maybe speak to your comments as far as a slight deceleration in growth of your maintenance revenues going forward? Thanks. 
Carl Bass: Again, we won’t update you specifically on penetration, and again that’s something we’ll do on an annual basis, we’ll talk about the rates. Really just an extrapolation of what’s going on.  I think the only thing we were trying to get at with the subscription growth rates, because subscription obviously is continuing to be larger, it’s just that we think as the base gets larger and larger, you are going to see deceleration in the rate of growth. And so it’s really kind of the law of large numbers that we are seeing going on there. 
Alfred J. Castino: The other thing I would add to that is growth of 27% is very consistent with growing the business 15% to 17% for the year. So the prior year numbers, we were growing in the low to mid 20s for a couple of years and a number of these ratios just don’t look the same when we talk about things like 15% to 17%. 
Philip Alling - Bear Stearns: I understand. Okay, Al, if you could also do me just a -- you had in your comments given some visibility into what the growth rates may have been for 3D had you not made the change in incentives and last quarter, you actually talked about the impact on the 2D side as well. What was the impact on your reported 2D revenues from the change in incentive, with the lower incentive payments on those particular products? 
Alfred J. Castino: That’s not anything for us to estimate six months into it. In general, we think there are several points of growth that would have been in 3D if we hadn’t lowered, in fact lowered the unit price but as we get further into it, there are offsets from volume too and from incentive, so we are not really able to estimate that precisely anymore.  All I can say about the incentive plans is they are clearly working. We are getting 3D and the vertical 2D doing really, really well and the focus is moving. And even though it can be lumpy across particular resellers or regions, it is clearly working. I expect it is going to do even better in the second half. 
Philip Alling - Bear Stearns: Okay, and just a final question for me then, with respect to cash balances. At the analyst day, you had talked about maybe $500 million in cash as the level that you would like to have for the business going forward. You did make some comments about share repurchase, primarily to offset option dilution for grants to employees. Any likelihood of share repurchases in excess of offsetting option grants and what could you share with us on that point? 
Alfred J. Castino: Well, that actually happened in the second quarter. So we bought back 2 million more shares than options were exercised.  In terms of the optimal cash balance, you’re in the ballpark. Basically I was referring to prior cash balances for the stock option review, and of course we’re larger now than we were then but somewhere in that range is just what we need. Over the next several quarters, I expect to trend down to that level. We are not going to do a big splash and do it all at once but over the course of several quarters, we’ll get back to where we belong on the cash balance. 
Philip Alling - Bear Stearns: All right. That’s all I had. Thanks so much. 
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of Brendan Barnicle of Pacific Crest Securities. Please proceed. 
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Thank you so much. Al, I was wondering if you could give us a sense on any of the revenue contribution side from NavisWorks, Opticore and Skymatter? 
Alfred J. Castino: Well, if you are talking about the second quarter, next to nothing. If you look at the full year, it’s not very large. We are buying these companies not for revenue. This is very typical for us. We’re buying technology, we’re buying some great people. This helps us get to market more quickly with important functionality but we are not buying much in the way of revenue. 
Carl Bass: Just to be clear, the Opticore and Skymatter have not closed. 
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Right, but as we look out, I’m trying to figure out if it has any impact on the guidance, or is the guidance reflective of organic growth, so anything from those acquisitions would be additional to that guidance. 
Carl Bass: Yes, but as standalone companies, they have very, very small revenue streams. 
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Okay, and then Carl, as we see 3D reaccelerate this way, do you think you are at a point or will get to a point where we see an inflection point in 3D? I know you’ve talked about it in the past in terms of getting a certain amount of the installed base over to the 3D and then seeing more rapid acceleration. 
Carl Bass: You know, I find it hard to see the catalyst for a real inflection point. I think this is just something that continues over time. Where I’ve been willing to stick my neck out is that I think the move to 3D for almost all of our customers is inevitable. I’ve been less willing to say that there’s some inflection point, some tipping point at which it goes faster.  I continue to see steady growth here. I do think an emphasis by our channel partners on it will certainly accelerate the rate but I’m not sure you will see a dramatic change in the penetration curve. 
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Great and the just lastly, Al, on your comments about subscriber growth, is that 27% that you are talking about, is that what we should normalize for the remainder of the year, somewhere around that range? 
Alfred J. Castino: We’re not doing a specific forecast for subscription growth but our point is more modest, more moderate growth than we’ve seen in prior years. You’re in the ballpark with that number but we are not going to do a precise forecast for subscription. 
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of Steve Ashley of Robert W. Baird. Please proceed. 
Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird : I think, Al, you mentioned that you had removed a couple of products from the subscription offering and via subscription. If that’s correct, could you tell us what those products are and maybe some color around the reasoning around that? 
Alfred J. Castino: They’re really small products, like Designer Views, Civil Services, and the reason they were removed is they weren’t any traction and it was clear that given the product lifecycle of those products, this is not the time to start a subscription offering, or even try to build a subscription offering, so that’s why. 
Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird : Okay, great. And the deal registration program, have you started to expand that and where are we with that, and what kind of status? Thank you. 
Carl Bass: The deal registration program has been expanding. We think it is a good program and it was a necessary component that really complemented some of the incentive program changes. Basically what it enables a reseller to do is to make sure that no other reseller comes and undercuts them based on price alone after investing in a longer sales cycle, which typically these 3D sales can take longer and it requires more investment on that part and we didn’t want to encourage people coming in and kind of bottom fishing at the last minute. 
Steven Ashley - Robert W. Baird : Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with Citigroup. Please proceed. 
Brent Thill - Citigroup: Thanks. Carl, you mentioned you are seeing the desired impact from the partner channel on some of the incentive changes. I think every one of us on the line that has done some of those checks have heard some of the push-back at least in the channel and I’m just curious to get your take in terms of do you just feel this is temporary push-back and that they need to change? And regarding the lumpiness of some of the changes, what do you think is required to help them through this? What’s the next step for you guys to give them to make their way through this so that we’re not getting that type of feedback from the reseller channel? 
Carl Bass: I can’t in the years I’ve been associated with the company, I can’t think of a single channel change that got a warm reception. It is one of those difficult things in which a business model change goes into effect.  I think what you guys tend to here from other people who have time to grumble, some of the others are outselling -- you know, in many ways, Brent, if you look back on this, this is a change that we signaled to our channel partners starting about three years ago.  Many in the calls to me said finally, you know, we’ve been waiting for this. Many of them, the ones you didn’t talk to, would’ve been grumbling the other way. I’ve made these changes, where’s my reward for making these changes?  And so I think what you are hearing from is the ones who move slower. If you look at it in terms of the amount of money our channel partners are making, it is pretty close to a zero sum gain. So for every one who is grumbling, there’s somebody else who is celebrating.  I think also when you look out there and you see the investment that our channel partners have made in the future of their businesses, they recognize that there’s a good opportunity out there as well.  So I think for many, it’s just a question of continuing their move over. It will take place over a period of time but there is no less money being given to channel partners, which is the important thing to remember, as a result of this. 
Alfred J. Castino: The other thing to keep in mind is it is very difficult for you to get a good sample when you do these reseller checks. We have thousands of resellers and all of the reports we see from analysts are based on talking to a very small number. I think there is a bias on who you get to. As Carl indicated, the ones who want to grumble are more likely to want to talk to you than the ones who are doing well. That’s a problem -- 
Carl Bass: I mean, I think the other thing out there is the people who send thank you gifts with a bottle of wine is one thing. Once you are starting to offer thousands of dollars to resellers to talk, you are starting to really bias the sample in a bad way.  For what it’s worth, you should recognize the two problems we’ve seen is a real bias sample that you get as a result of paying. The second thing we’ve seen as a problem is in terms of the questions and trying to correlate their quotas to our guidance, in which there is not enough information to really make that connection. So the combination of the two has caused a number of people I think to be misdirected. 
Brent Thill - Citigroup: Okay, just as a follow-up, on last year’s number, you grew 20% on total revenue growth. I think your new guidance implies 16% to 17% and it almost feels like last year you were aided by Alias. This year it feels like -- is it fair to say you feel your core is stronger than maybe even last year? 
Carl Bass: It appears like it. If you do the math and about five percentage points came from Alias, it really was an organic growth rate last year, 14, just over 14%. This year, there’s almost -- I mean, there’s almost none -- there’s no inorganic growth in there, and so yes, it is a stronger year.  I mean, generally speaking, we think the core business is stronger and we think some of the other investments we made in R&D, some of those small technology acquisitions from previous years are starting to contribute. 
Alfred J. Castino: And our competitive position is improving year by year. I think we are seeing that too. 
Brent Thill - Citigroup: Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of Peter Kuper of Morgan Stanley. Please proceed. 
Peter Kuper - Morgan Stanley : Thanks. I think we’ve beaten the channel question to death, so I’ll just scratch it off the list here. Just turning to the model and a very simplistic question now; it looks like expenses are fairly moderating here. We’re seeing kind of a lift, easy gains that we could have from G&A, given the conclusion of option investigation, things of that nature is one thing in the model I was wondering could pick up a couple of basis points. But as you guys are really starting to dominate here, given 3D showing some good strength, what other leverage points might we see as the mix shift continues to evolve here with the product lines? 
Alfred J. Castino: We are going to continue to raise our margins modestly year by year and we are doing that while we are investing for growth, so keep that in mind.  We see more productivity gains than you see because what you are seeing on the income statement is the productivity gain less the investment we make when we go after growth. But with that said, what I look at as a base for activity before we make investments, there’s room to grow every area on our income statement, so that includes gross margins, which are continuing to get better every year. Part of that is mix, part of it is productivity, the people in media and entertainment have done a great job on advanced systems. Scale in general is helping us across all of the different expenses, including gross margin.  When I look at sales and marketing, more of the same. We’re getting more productive every year. That’s certainly the area where as we grow the revenue, we always need more feet on the street to sell. But even at that, we get more productive as we do the channel plans, the incentive plans to help us to get more productive.  And then as I look at G&A, we definitely benefit from scale. We benefit from a number of productivity initiatives we are still driving in the company. And then R&D continues to benefit from just doing a great job in managing distributed R&D across the world. That allows them to get great engineers at reasonable prices and that’s helping us get more productive there too.  And of course, R&D and marketing always benefit tremendously from scale. As products like Inventor and Revit get larger, we don’t have to increase the R&D and the marketing investment in proportion to that.  So I look at the income statement, there’s room for productivity in all the areas. What you will see though is a modest improvement because you see it after we make our growth investments. 
Peter Kuper - Morgan Stanley : Okay, and the Carl, in line with that, 3D seems to be getting to be I would say dominating. It might be a little early to say that but as you are taking on the visualization world as the leading brand, et cetera, is the ASP lift there? Are you guys seeing less pricing competition now as people are saying look, this pretty much is now the new standard again and your competition has a harder time competing on price? 
Carl Bass: What we’ve seen in this market is generally speaking is stable ASPs. I think broadly speaking and across geographies, across products, you see stable ASPs. There are certainly parts of the world where it is more competitive. Some of our competitors are discounting heavily in order to get deals in parts of the world, so it’s a little bit more singular, as you look at individual things. But generally speaking, we see stable pricing. 
Peter Kuper - Morgan Stanley : Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you very much, sir. Ladies and gentlemen, your next question comes from the line of Daniel Cummings of Bank of America. Please proceed. 
Daniel Cummings - Bank of America Securities: Thanks. Looking at the high 20s percent growth fiscal year-to-date in manufacturing for revenue, despite some I guess mild Inventor seat shipments, can you talk about that a little bit in terms of that gap? Or alternatively, just describe for us what’s going so well in manufacturing away from the 3D technology. We’re just curious if any competitive dynamics for Inventor, are they markedly different by global region? Thanks. 
Carl Bass: I think when you look at manufacturing, all of our products are doing well. Inventor is doing particularly well. I think you can also look at a shift within Inventor. There’s more Inventor Professional being sold, which includes higher functionality that’s a different price point, both on the new unit price as well as on the subscription price. So there’s a little bit of mix shift built into the Inventor, but Inventor is doing really well.  On a competitive basis, we continue to believe we have the best, most comprehensive product on the market and we are doing well there.  Clearly it is one of our most competitive markets. When you look out there on a regional basis, or by segmentation of the manufacturing industry, you see different kinds of competitors. You know, whether you look at consumer products in a certain part of the world, you would see a different competitor than if you looked at heavy industrial machinery in another part of the world. But we think we are well-positioned to compete in that market.  In addition, remember we have a complete portfolio of products that go all the way from conceptual design to mechanical drafting and detailing, as well as our electrical products, and so we have a nice portfolio and those are all growing. So it’s probably a more robust portfolio than many of our competitors offer, but the flagship Inventor continues to be producing great results. 
Daniel Cummings - Bank of America Securities: Can I ask a follow-up? I noticed it seems as if the compares could get a little tough here in the second half of the year, specifically for the Inventor seat shipments. So if they are negative, it could well be due to mix? 
Carl Bass: Again, there’s some mix and for whatever reason, the linearity, certainly on a seat basis in our Inventor product line, has always been more weighted. It’s not as linear as our other products. It’s more heavily weighted to the back end of the year. If you look back over any number of years, you’ll see that trend. I would expect the same one but I feel confident about our ability in the Inventor market. 
Daniel Cummings - Bank of America Securities: Thank you. 
Sue Pirri: Operator, we’re running over time so we will take one more question. 
Operator: Okay. Our last question will come from the line of Victor [Churamani] of Lehman Brothers. Please proceed. 
Victor Churamani - Lehman Brothers: Just two questions; one, Al, are we still comfortable with the 15% long-term growth rate that you guys gave out at the analyst day? And then also, when you look at it from a -- when you look at the margins, you guys are exiting this year with about a 200 basis point improvement, and you’ve commented in the past that is the sort of improvement that we should look for going forward. Is that something also -- you are still maintaining that or is there any change in that plan? And I have one follow-up. 
Alfred J. Castino: We are comfortable with the 15% company annual growth rate long term. We have a lot of runway ahead of us and you are continuing to see that this year.  In terms of margins, we have been talking about 1%, 1.5% a year. That’s still our target, so we will gradually raise our margins. We feel we have a -- again, we have a lot of runway and we want to make the growth investments to take advantage of that. That’s why we are modestly improving our margins. 
Victor Churamani - Lehman Brothers: Okay, and then just on the 3D side of the equation, you mentioned you raised prices in the middle of the quarter, I believe. Why was that the case and how much was the price increase and when was a similar sort of increase done in the past? And then just to follow-up with that thought, you also had some sort of a headwind this quarter because of that. What gives you the confidence that going forward you won’t see that, since you are raising your numbers for the forward quarters? Thanks. 
Alfred J. Castino: We actually didn’t raise prices. What we were referring to is the channel incentive plans that we changed at the very beginning of the year, and in effect what we did is we lowered the unit price to us for 3D, which means we left the dealers with more margin, and we do the opposite on 2D, so they wind up with -- the resellers wind up with less margin selling AutoCAD and they get more margin selling the vertical 2D and 3D. That’s what we are referring to. It happened at the beginning of the year and whenever you make a channel change like that, it gradually works it way through the resellers, so they take time to react to it. Those are the dynamics we’ve been referring to. We actually haven’t changed prices in terms of the suggested retail price this year. 
Victor Churamani - Lehman Brothers: Sounds good. I might have misheard. Thank you very much. 
Sue Pirri: All right, everyone, we are going to wrap up here, as we’ve run over in time. Al and Katie and I will be available for calls later this afternoon, so feel free to give us a call in the office and we’ll be happy to take your questions. Thank you for joining us. 
Operator: Thank you very much, Madam. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen, for your participation in today’s conference call. This concludes your presentation and you may now disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2008 Q1  (2007-05-17 17:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Sue Pirri - VP of Investor Relations   Carl Bass - President, CEO & COO   Alfred Castino - CFO & SVP 
Analysts: Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch   Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co.   Brent Thill - Citigroup   Phillip Alling - Bear Stearns   Daniel Cummins - Banc of America Securities   Heather Bellini - UBS   Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities   Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse   Brian Essex - Morgan Stanley   Bard Manuilow - American Technology Research   Sasa Zorovic - Goldman Sachs   Ross Macmillan - Jefferies & Co.   Gene Munser - Piper Jaffray   David Heim - Needham & Co.   Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the First Quarter 2008 Autodesk Incorporated Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Brandy and I'll be your Operator for today. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode and we will conduct a question-and-answer session towards the end of this conference (Operator Instructions).  As a reminder this conference is being recorded for replay purposes. I would now like to turn the call over to Sue Pirri, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, ma'am. 
Sue Pirri: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon, everyone and thank you for joining us as we report results for our first quarter of fiscal 2008. With me today are Carl Bass and Al Castino. Today's conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast. In addition a replay of the call will be available by webcast on our website at www.autodesk.com/investor.  During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the future performance of the company, including information regarding restatement of our past financial statements, our guidance for the second and third fiscal quarters and for fiscal year 2008.  The factors we use to estimate our guidance for this period, our competitive position, our future business prospects and revenue growth, our market opportunities and trends for our products in various geographies. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us and the actual events or results could differ materially.  Please refer to the documents we file from time-to-time with the SEC and specifically our 10-K for fiscal year 2006, our 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30th, 2006, and our periodic 8-K filings, including the 8-K filed with today's press release. These documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause the actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements.  In adherence to regulation Fair Disclosure, Autodesk will provide quarterly information and forward-looking guidance in its quarterly financial results press release and this publicly announced financial results conference call. We will not provide any further guidance or update on our performance during the quarter unless we do so on a public forum.  Autodesk does not assume any obligation to update the forward-looking statements provided to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they were made.  During the call, we'll discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures will be provided on this conference call and is made available on our website.  And now I'd like to turn the call over to Carl Bass. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Carl Bass: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us. Today Autodesk reported another quarter of strong financial performance. Quarterly revenue was a record $509 million, a 17% increase over last year. Once again, we achieved strong quarterly results on most of our key business metrics, including 3D revenue, maintenance revenue from subscriptions, and revenue from emerging economies.  Before we get into the detail of the quarter, I would like to provide an update on Autodesk voluntary review of past stock option granting practices. As indicated previously, Autodesk submitted the pre-clearance letter, related to its restatement of the financial statements for fiscal years 2003 to 2006, to the office of Chief Accountant at the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 3rd. While we cannot yet determine the exact date we will be filing our past financial statements, we believe we will be on file in the near future.  Now let's talk about the quarter. As expected we began shipping our 2008 family of products in March. This was the fifth release on our annual release cycle. All were delivered on time and with significant improvements in functionality and performance. The successful move five years ago to an annual release cycle was a significant achievement for our development teams and for Autodesk.  And our ability to continue to deliver strong releases annually is a testament to our execution capabilities. The 2008 releases, deliver important improvements, in both functionality and scalability, including both 64 bit and Vista compatibility and improved productivity for the AutoCAD family.  Customer demands for Autodesk products remain strong this quarter. Compared to last year, revenue from new seats increased 10%, revenue from new seats of 3ds Max increased 30% over the last year.  AutoCAD Mechanical had another outstanding quarter, as a result of recent improvements in ease-of-use, as well as changes in our sales and marketing strategy. AutoCAD Mechanical provides interoperability with inventor, as well as purpose build 2D design and drafting, bringing manufacturing customers significant productivity gains over horizontal AutoCAD. Revenue from new seats of AutoCAD Mechanical increased 65% over last year.  During the quarter, we implemented changes to our partner incentive programs, to continue to shift focus to selling vertical and 3D products. These new programs, which are accounted for as a reduction to revenue, drive the consisting treatment of incentives around the world by further reallocating incentives from horizontal products to vertical and 3D products.  While the revenue percentage of total incentives available has not changed, the reallocation does have the short-term effect of temporarily decreasing vertical and 3D revenue to Autodesk, while increasing 2D horizontal revenue. Over time, we expect that these programs will further increase deal focus on vertical and 3D solutions and thus increase the volumes and revenue from these products.  Revenue from our model based 3D solutions, Inventor revenue Civil 3D, increased 19% over the first quarter of last year, to $106 million or 21% of total revenue. The reallocation of amounts in our incentive programs effectively reduced our net 3D revenue per unit by approximately 10%. This reduction in unit price in Q1 was somewhat offset by 3D unit volumes, as resellers focused more effort on 3D return higher incentives.  During the quarter, we shipped more than 32,000 commercial seats of our 3D products and we passed the significant 3D milestone. During the quarter, we shipped our million 3D seats, far surpassing the reach of any of our competitors.  Revenue from our Revit family of products increased 31%, over a very strong first quarter of last year. We shipped more than 14,000 commercial seats of our Revit products. Revenue from Civil 3D grew 17% over last year and we shipped nearly 7400 commercial seats.  Total revenue from our Manufacturing Solutions Division increased 26% over the first quarter of last year. This is the most comparable measure of growth to that of our closest competitor, and is nearly twice their rate of growth.  Inventor revenue increased 15% compared to last year. In total, we shipped more than 10,600 commercial seats of Inventor in the quarter. Once again, winning market share as Inventor continues to out perform the legacy solutions of our competitors in all areas of mechanical design.  To further extend our leadership in 3D for the manufacturing industry, this month, we introduced the preview release of Inventor LT, which will help customers enhance their communications with suppliers and manufacturing partners by making it easier and more affordable to create, share, and edit 3D part designs.  Inventor LT eliminates many of the headaches of moving files between different CAD Systems, so customers should realize the benefits of 3D part design and AutoCAD interoperability to get their jobs done faster and easier. Over time, we believe Inventor LT will increase adoption of 3D in our manufacturing customer base.  Emerging economies continue to show strong growth. Quarterly revenue in emerging economies increased 36% over last year representing 14% of total quarterly revenues. Revenue from our install base, that is upgrade revenue and maintenance revenue from subscriptions combined, increased 22% over the first quarter of last year to $197 million.  Subscription showed outstanding performance in the first quarter. Driven by strong attach and renewal rates, maintenance revenue from subscriptions was $125 million, an increase of 45% compared to last year.  Our subscription install base grew to 1.3 million subscribers. As expected, upgrade revenue decreased slightly compared to a particularly strong first quarter of last year. Quarterly revenue from our Media and Entertainment Segment grew 26% over the last year. Animation revenue increased 27% over last year to $32 million.  In addition to the strong growth from 3ds-Max that I already mentioned, Maya showed strong growth as well increasing 64% over the first quarter of last year. Excluding the break down of deferred revenues at the time of acquisition, Maya revenues increased 26% over the first quarter of last year.  Advanced Systems had a strong quarter, increasing revenue 25% over the first quarter of last year. Combined revenue from Flame and Inferno, our infection compositing systems, increased 60% over the last year, and revenue from Smoke, our editing and finishing system, increased 21% over the first quarter of last year.  As customers continue to transition away from proprietary high-end SGI workstations, revenue from our Linux based solutions continues to show strong growth. In fact this quarter, nearly 90% of our systems product revenue was Linux based. Overall, I'm very pleased with our performance this quarter.  Now, I'd like to turn the call over to Al for a review of our financials. 
Alfred Castino: Okay, before I get started I want to remind you we are not providing EPS data today because we are in the process of restating prior years reflect additional compensation expense associated with past stock option granting practices.  While our books for prior years are open, we are also recording other minor adjustments relating to our reseller incentives and subscription program that increase revenue for fiscal year 2006 and fiscal year 2005 by approximately $50 million or $5 million respectively and decreased deferred revenues by the same amounts.  Now let's talk about the quarter. Once again, Autodesk delivered great performance. Net revenues in the quarter were $509 million, 17% higher than the last year. Each of our geographies grew substantially compared to first quarter of last year.  Revenue in America was $184 million, an increase of 8%. Revenue in the America was somewhat impacted by changes in backlog between years as well as the particularly tough compare in the first quarter of last year, which grew 39%.  EMEA revenues were $207 million, an increase of 26% as reported and 14% cost of currency. Asia Pacific increased 16% to $117 million. Revenues in Japan decreased slightly compared to last year, but increased significantly on a sequential basis consistent with historical trends.  We continue to evaluate progress we made in Japan, but believe our performance there has stabilized. Excluding Japan, revenue in Asia Pacific increased 32% compared to last year. Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates had an immaterial impact on revenues compared to first quarter of last year.  Before I discuss divisional financial performance I want to remind you that at the beginning of the first quarter where we organized and consolidated our product divisions to better align with our customers. We now have four divisions instead of five.  Let's look at their performance. Platform solutions and emerging businesses includes AutoCAD, AutoCAD LT, Geospatial, and other emerging businesses. Platform revenue increased 12% over the first quarter of last year to $251 million.  AutoCAD LT had a terrific quarter growing 19% over last year. AutoCAD revenue increased 10% compared to last year. AutoCAD upgrade revenue decreased again as planned.  However maintenance revenue from AutoCAD subscriptions increased 33% compared to last year. As a reminder, just over 40% of the active AutoCAD install base has moved to subscription.  Our Manufacturing Solutions division was not impacted by the reorganization. Quarterly manufacturing solutions revenue was $94 million, an increase of 26% over last year. As Carl, mentioned, AutoCAD Mechanical had another great quarter increasing revenues 30% over last year. In total, we shipped 44,700 seats to our users in the manufacturing market.  The AEC Solutions Division includes the old Building Solutions Division, our Civil design solution, as well as our collaborative product Management tools, Buzzsaw and Constructware.  AEC revenue increased 40% over last year to $100 million. Revenues from AutoCAD architecture formerly called architectural desktop were flat compared to last year. As Carl mentioned, revenues from Civil 3D and Revit increased 17% and 31% respectively compared to last year, and revenue from our collaborative product management solution Buzzsaw and Constructware increased more than 60% over last year.  Media and Entertainment revenue increased 26% over last year to $59 million. Advanced Systems revenue increased 25% compared to the first quarter of last year and animation revenue increased 27%.  Total costs and expenses increased by $21 million sequentially. Total costs and expenses include cost of license and other, cost of maintenance revenue, marketing and sales, research and development, and general and administrative.  The increase was primarily due to normal seasonal increases in employee compensation and benefits as well as spending for the annual product releases and the associated localization and other development costs. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in sales submissions.  Total cost and expenses included $3 million of legal, tax, and accountant fees related to the voluntary stock option review. Spending for total cost and expenses excludes FAS 123R stock-based compensation expenses and amortization of acquisition related intangibles.  Total cost and expenses in the quarter exclude $12 million in reimbursement to employees for tax issues arising from the voluntary stock option review.  The combination of higher revenues and expenses I just described led to slightly higher earnings than we had expected.  Interest and other income more than doubled sequentially to $10 million, benefiting from our increasing cash balances and higher interest rates and $2 million sequential increase in gains from foreign exchange hedging.  Our tax rate in the quarter was 25% on both GAAP and non-GAAP basis. Compared to the first quarter of last year, foreign currency impact was $19 million favorable on revenue and $5 million unfavorable on expenses. Compared to the fourth quarter fiscal 2007, foreign currency had an immaterial impact of both revenue and expenses.  Total deferred revenues increased $21 million sequentially. Deferred maintenance revenues from subscription increased $34 million sequentially and $110 million over the first quarter of last year. Unshipped product orders or shippable backlog were $19 million, an increase of $2 million sequentially and an increase of $10 million compared to the first quarter of last year.  Total backlog including deferred revenues and unshipped product orders increased $23 million sequentially. Channel inventory was approximately flat with fourth quarter remaining substantially below our normal range of 3 to 4 weeks.  Day’s sales outstanding were 47 days this quarter as we continue to see good business linearity. Capital Expenditures were $7 million in the quarter. Cash and investments increased $186 million sequentially to $964 million.  Cash flow from operation was stronger in the quarter and because of a stock option review we were not able to repurchase shares. This led to a higher cash balance than we normally would want to see.   We did not receive any cash from employee stock plans during the quarter.  There were approximately $231 million total shares outstanding and fully diluted shares were $244 million on a GAAP basis and $245 million on a non-GAAP basis. The non-GAAP calculation differs from GAAP because of the adoption of SFAS 123R. We're very pleased with our first quarter results.  Now I'd like to turn to guidance, because we are not yet current in our financial statements, I'm not going to provide EPS guidance nor are we providing GAAP operating margins for fiscal 2008 at this time.  As usual, our guidance for the second quarter takes into account the days foreign currency change rates including some level of buffer against future strengthening of the dollar. We're feeling good about our business around the world heading second quarter and as a result we’re raising our second quarter revenue guidance to range $520 million to $530 million.  Non-GAAP operating margins for the second quarter of fiscal 2008 are expected to be in a range of 24.5 to 25.4%. This range does not take into account SFAS 123R stock based compensation expenses for reimbursement to employees or tax issues arising from the voluntary stock option review which in total, we are currently unable to determine that the lead will be significant.  Our operating margin range also excludes amortization of acquisition related intangibles that are approximately $4 million. Second quarter operating margins include approximately $0.5 million legal tax, and accounting fees related to the voluntary stock option review.  Net revenues for the third quarter fiscal 2008, is also expected to be between $520 million to $530 million. Non-GAAP operating margins for the third quarter fiscal 2008 are expected to be in the range of 26.4 to 26.9%.  This range does not take into account SFAS 123R stock based compensation expenses, which we’re currently unable to determine but believe will be significant and amortization of acquisition related intangibles were approximately $4 million. For fiscal year 2008, net revenues are expected to be between $2.115 billion and $2.150 billion.  Non-GAAP operating margins for fiscal 2008 are expected to be in the range of 27 to 27.5%. This range does not take into account SFAS 123 stock-based compensation expenses for reimbursement to employees for tax issues arising from the voluntary stock option reviews both of which we are currently unable to determine, but believe will be significant.  Our operating margin range also excludes amortization of acquisition related intangibles for approximately $16 million. Full year operating margin ranges include for approximately $5 million in legal, tax and accounting fees related to the voluntary stock option review. We continue to expect our tax rate for all fiscal 2008 to be between 25% and 26%  Now I'll turn it back over to Carl. 
Carl Bass: Thanks, Al. Before we begin taking your questions, I would like to share a few final thoughts. Autodesk had a terrific quarter. Once again, we delivered record revenue and managed our investments and spending in conjunction with our revenue growth. Autodesk growth drivers remained firmly in place.  Our 3D Solutions are increasing market awareness and penetration. Emerging markets continue to show outstanding growth. Subscription growth remains robust with up front cash payment and predictable amortization, and revenue from new seats in emerging businesses continue to be approximately two-thirds of total revenue.  Worldwide business trends are impacting our customers in real and important ways, globalization, rising energy costs, the worldwide builds and rejuvenation of buildings and infrastructure, and an increasing need to keep data digital create tremendous pressure to improve productivity and profitability while increasing innovation.  Our customers are seeking differentiation through a design. And Autodesk continues to provide solutions that deliver the competitive advantage our customers need. We've launched our 2008 family products and customer response has been terrific. Early reviews of the products are very positive and we're drawing record crowds at launch events.  In short, we are very confident about the future. We are raising our revenue guidance for the second quarter and the year to reflect that optimism.  And finally, as I said before, we are currently working with the Office of the Chief Accountant and our auditors and believe we will be able to file our financial statements in the near future. We understand that this process has been frustrating for both our employees and our shareholders and we thank you for all your patience.  Operator? We're ready for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) And your first question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Merrill Lynch. Please proceed. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Thanks, good afternoon. Carl, with respect to your higher revenue outlook for the quarter and for the remainder of the year, how do you break that down in terms of improved sales productivity per average reseller as per the incentives program versus additional capacity? Does the strong demand you've alluded to necessitate any changes in field capacity over and above the improvements and productivity you're hoping to gain?  Secondly, at the analyst meeting, you gave us a new metric, which was deals of over $100,000 and deals of over $1 million. Could you talk about how you did with either of those in the quarter? 
Carl Bass: Yes, Jay. So, on the first one, as we've talked about, we're on a multi-year plan to increase channel, capability as well as capacity. Both of those are important. The demand is out there. We’ve continued to invest. We've also outlined that in many ways you can't turn on either channel capacity or capability in the short-term so it takes a fair amount of head room, advanced notice to be able to build in that kind of capability and capacity.  So what we see is some amount coming from demand but we will continue to need to make sure we add capacity and particularly capability, as we reach into those new places of analysis, visualization, simulation, all the areas we kind of outlined at Investor Day.  As your second question, while we were kind enough to provide that information at Investor Day I’d also pointed out we weren't going to do it on an ongoing basis, but Jay, just for you, I will tell you that we did have one $4 million deal in the quarter. In any way there was $4 million booking. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Can you talk a little bit more? 
Carl Bass: Okay, we'll try to update you that on an annual basis but we really don't want to do this on a quarterly basis. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: I Understand. 
Carl Bass: I think we really did it for more for illustrated in purposes of really doing the whole narrative but our business has changed and how the customers that we're serving are changing rather than really being a business metric, we want to share every quarter. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Finally, with respect to the stability that you think you're seeing now in Japan, what are the pieces behind that? Is that, again, a function of some of the management changes you've had in place there over the last number of months, local demand conditions, or other variables? 
Carl Bass: Well, I think we, as we pointed out, one of the signs that we were not doing as well as we thought we could is that the economy in Japan had already recovered. Demand there was good, witnessed by several of the other companies who had done well.  Not uniformly well but there was certainly other companies whose business was doing well in Japan and so we looked at it as mostly a failure of our own making, and so we made a number of changes in sales management both on the Japan level and the regional level.  We made some changes in terms of channel structure in working with our partners there, and in some ways, we just brought greater focus to it. We brought more resources from the overall corporation to understand it because while some of the issues are unique to Japan, many of the issues are things we have wrestled within other parts of the world. 
Alfred Castino: The other way I'd noted stability is they are making their forecast recently, so they aren't surprising us. That tells me they have a handle on the numbers and that means they are more stable. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Steve Ashley with Robert Baird. Please proceed. 
Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Great. I was hoping we could get a little bit more color on the reallocation of incentives. You talked about it having a depressing impact on the average selling price of 3D. Can you give us a little bit more color of what's going on there and how that transition might play out? 
Alfred Castino: Well, the way it works is that we're giving our resellers basically a better margin for selling 3D, so the incentives are greater for 3D, less for 2D and this is actually continuation of what we've been doing for a number of years with them. So we want them to add value in selling the higher end products and AutoCAD and LT, which is increasing fulfillment type of… 
Carl Bass: Yes, I mean, the important thing to remember in this, Al is absolutely right but from an accounting point of view, which accounts for revenue is in incentive. So, accounts against revenue until as we move it away against the allocation, that's where you have the effect of depressing revenue in one category and apparently raising it in the other. In total, it's actually the same amount. 
Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Does that suggest that the sales and marketing expense should be reduced at that line as a percentage of revenue or not? 
Carl Bass: In total, it should be the same. And I think what you'll see overtime is the allocations change this quarter, the programs themselves and we expect that there will be a one or two quarter kind of lag in terms of the behavior changing in order to catch up with that. 
Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Great. And just lastly, very strong AutoCAD and Platform business, was there any educational large deals as part of that? 
Carl Bass: No, not particularly. This is not particularly the time of year where we see large educational deals in general, but there was nothing specifically out of the ordinary in that number. 
Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird & Co.: Great. Thank you. 
Carl Bass: You're welcome. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with Citigroup. Please proceed, sir. 
Brent Thill - Citigroup: Thanks, good afternoon. Carl, you mentioned 1.3 million subscribers on board now. How do you think of ultimate attach rate to your user base? How do you size up the penetration today? 
Carl Bass: So, we talked about a number of numbers there. I think in the long run, we talked about the penetration to the AutoCAD base of being about% of the active install base. I think we'll see eventual numbers that had some towed out at probably double that, so 80% plus is what I think you'll eventually see.  I think the only caveat I would have to that is for the extent that we've experimented with and will continue to experiment with subscription only products in which subscription becomes mandatory. Obviously, the rates would be higher. 
Brent Thill - Citigroup: Okay, and for Al, the FX benefits you saw it in fiscal Q1, that's assumed now and I think your 15% to 17% revenue guidance for the year? 
Sue Pirri: No. 
Alfred Castino: Our assumption foreign exchange, we haven't changed how we do this, Brent, so we always assume some conservatism in the rates as we look further out in the year, just in case the dollar goes against us. So and we don't try to predict the currency. We always let the current currency just assume a few kinds of conservative buffer the rest of the year. 
Brent Thill - Citigroup: Okay. And just I know you had mentioned option review. You mentioned the near future. Do you measure that in weeks or months? 
Alfred Castino: I am sorry; I didn't catch your question. 
Brent Thill - Citigroup: In terms of the timing of the options review you said in the near future. Do you measure that in weeks or in months? 
Alfred Castino: We don't control it again, but I’d certainly measure it in weeks, not months. 
Brent Thill - Citigroup: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phillip Alling with Bear Stearns. Please proceed sir. 
Phillip Alling - Bear Stearns: Thanks very much. I was wanting to just get a sense from you as to whether the change that you made in the incentives for your resellers, Did you get the impact this quarter that you expected or was there something unexpected in terms of the impact to the 2D and 3D net revenues that you reported? 
Alfred Castino: Yeah. I think very honestly, we didn't get the change in behavior we wanted. Now, we expected it to take a while for people to really understand the program and change their behavior. But we have not seen the change that we expect and like I said, I think it will take a quarter or two before all of our partners fully digest the change and understand it, and this is not just for the principles of our partners but its for all of the salespeople because it affects all of the compensation schemes down the line. 
Phillip Alling - Bear Stearns: Just as a follow-up to that, could you quantify what the positive revenue impact was on your net 2D revenues from the change in incentives because you did sort of give us visibility with respect to the negative impact on the 3D revenues? 
Alfred Castino: It's probably several points of growth. It's not material for 2D, because obviously it's larger. 
Phillip Alling - Bear Stearns: All right. And then just in terms of sort of what assumptions are you making with respect to the guidance that you're giving going forward? What impact there may be from the change in incentives to the resellers? 
Alfred Castino: I mean, I think we see a gradual phasing in. Like I said, we think it will take a couple of quarters. I'd love to be pleasantly surprised that people react more quickly. I think as we've said, we've been laying out this program for a number of years.  And so this is just taking the trajectory we're on and increasing it a little bit so hopefully this is well understood by all our partners and it will come around quickly, but right now, we're continuing to estimate, it will take a couple quarters before it's fully baked into how people behave. 
Phillip Alling - Bear Stearns: And the final housekeeping question for me, just with respect to the year-over-year impact on the recognized maintenance revenue in the quarter, from the Alias acquisition, could you let us know what that is and how much additional maintenance revenue you expect to recognize this year over last year from the Alias acquisition due to the write-down of the deferred at the time of the acquisition? 
Alfred Castino: At the time of the write-down of deferred revenue a year ago it was about $4 million. Is that what you're talking about? 
Sue Pirri: I think he dropped that. Alfred your next… 
Carl Bass: I think we lost him. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Cummins of Banc of America Securities. Please proceed. 
Daniel Cummins - Banc of America Securities: Thank you. Al, you may have covered this but could you tell us the contribution of the change in the foreign exchange environment with respect to the higher guidance? 
Alfred Castino: With respect to the higher guidance, again, we take the current exchange rate and we assume that's going to be the rate for the rest of the year with few points consortium late in the year.  If you look at the change in the last quarter for the foreign currency, I think that the couple of penny. And if you look at where it was three months ago where it is versus where it is today, the couple of penny so it's not like that material. 
Daniel Cummins - Banc of America Securities: Okay, but is it one factor in the high revenue guidance? 
Alfred Castino: It is. 
Daniel Cummins - Banc of America Securities: Okay. 
Alfred Castino: But again, if you look at the change in the last three months, it's not really that much. 
Daniel Cummins - Banc of America Securities: Okay, all right. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with UBS. Please proceed. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Hi, great, a couple of questions. First, Al, can you walk us through the operating margin assumptions you're using for the second quarter? I believe prior to this, you were forecasting a range slightly above at least what I have than what you currently guided too?  And then I had a question, if you could just clarify on 3D growth. You're saying it would have been 10% higher, so it would have been about $117 million this past quarter if you adjust for the change in the partner incentive? 
Alfred Castino: Hang on Heather. So the operating margin guidance for next quarter, I already give that in the script, so it was for the second quarter, it is 24.5 to 25.4. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Right, which is versus 25.5 to 26.3, I think is what it was prior? 
Alfred Castino: Right. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: And can you just explain what the differences in the margin guidance? I might have missed it. I'm sorry. 
Alfred Castino: Yeah, Heather, there are few investments that we're going to make in the second quarter. Our first quarter actually turned out higher than we expect. And we turn for making one-time investments; we do that a lot during the year. Overall that the full year numbers are still in the range we've been talking about. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Okay, and then the 3D growth? 
Alfred Castino: Okay, the 3D growth, now I think it will be cautious about taking that 10% per unit and just applying that and say that 3D otherwise have been 10% higher. It's very hard for us to know for sure because there's an incentive impact upon resellers. Now there's usually a delayed reaction.  They can't immediately adapt to an incentive plan, but I have no doubt the number of them did indeed sell more 3D because of the incentives in the first quarter, they can't be measure precisely if I had to guess I'd say somewhere between 5 to 10. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Okay, because I thought Carl had said the reallocation impacted 3D revenue by 10%. 
Alfred Castino: But when he said it was 10% on a unit basis, but again the purpose of it is to get the resellers to sell more units. So, that's why you can't precisely say what the impact of the change in incentive plan is. 
Carl Bass: So, Heather your math is absolutely right about the 10%. But we can't find out is the motivational aspect of this and how it changed behavior. No, we don't give apples-to-apples comparison but the math is right. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Okay, so 117 would have been the right number if is it safe to…? 
Carl Bass: It was identical. 
Alfred Castino: Yeah, if the units don't change it all as a result of the incentive plan it would be 10% but again I don't believe that's the case. Resellers adapt to incentive plans, and they can't do it overnight but there was some reaction in Q1, no doubt about it. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: So would you expect then to have lower 3D growth for the remainder of this fiscal year, reported 3D growth as a result of this and will you be providing with a way for us to somewhat reconcile to the best that you can 3D growth to kind of get it back to an apples-to-apples basis? 
Alfred Castino: Yeah, It's going to be very hard to reconcile, again it's very hard to measure it how much more 3D volume we got since we changed the incentive plan. I think as we get in the latter part of the year, it's going to have its intended effect and at that point you should just measure 3D growth and not worry about the change in incentive plan. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Okay. So can you give us an idea then, what this type of growth rate for 3D, should we expect this kind of 20% type rate to change or to stay the same? 
Carl Bass: You know, when we said about trading in the past it should grow more quickly than the rest of the company and we're very happy well that’s a strong unless we double the rate of rest of the company so that's what we want to get to. They won't necessarily hit that every single quarter, but that's the goal. And as the time goes on this incentive plan should help us to get there. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Yeah, no I am just trying to reconcile that with the comments at the analyst day that this should be a 30% grower this year. 
Carl Bass: We'll take your comments you know, we understand the difference in making these comparisons and we'll see if we can do something by the end of next quarter that tries to clarify, this a little bit. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Okay. Thanks, Carl. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brendan Barnicle with Pacific Crest Securities. Please proceed. 
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Thank you. I guess following up on the same question, if it is a 117 type number or somewhere around that, that would imply something more like 32% growth, which would be more consistent with what you guys have talked about for the growth.  Is that the way we should be thinking about this and if not, is there anything particular to the quarter that would have had us at 19% growth rather than sort of the more the higher level growth we see in the last few quarters? 
Alfred Castino: That's basically the answer we described, so again, if you measure the per unit, it is about 10%. It’s tough actually to say the impact on the volume, but it's somewhere between 5%, 10% impact. And that takes the number higher, probably high 20s is the right number. 
Carl Bass: When you can watch with us with the behavior changes. And we will continue to provide revenue and units and watch as this goes throughout the year. 
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: But I guess what I'm trying to clarify is, that there is nothing else that happened in the quarter that would have had any sort of demand change or product change or anything else that would have led to a lower rate of 3D than what we've seen historically? 
Carl Bass: No, Brendan, nothing outside the ordinary, who we do these comparison they are always slightly imperfect. The reason you know is the releases don't come out on the exact same date every year, the localized versions don't, I mean there is a number of small factors in there but nothing out of the ordinary. 
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Great and just the converse of that, now you mentioned that 2D may be I guess negatively impacted a few points by this. We saw a pretty, we saw a big recovery in 2D growth this quarter.  Is that also somewhat overstated by this by that amount? Should we see that return back to kind of a single digit growth we were seeing? 
Carl Bass: Well the overstatement in 2D would be by a couple of percent in difference, the differences are obviously the size of the denominator between 2D and 3D. 
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Right, so the 2D growth it is fair to assume had at least a high double-digit type growth number to it? 
Alfred Castino: I think 19% and that's not from the incentive plan. LT had a really good quarter. 
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Great. Thank you very much. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse. Please proceed. 
Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse: Hi, guys. Most of my questions have been answered, but I was hoping you could just focus back on the building solutions division and just give us an update on Revit and just sort of what traction that you're seeing there in the architectural vertical, obviously strong growth in Inventor just wondering if you could categorize where we are and sort of those transition over to Revit? 
Carl Bass: No, so I mean, I think Revit continues to do really well. It had a slower growth in some of those numbers, but we said things like 90% growth year-over-year, we are not going to be sustainable.  I know, I think we've really hit that healthy point in the product life cycle in which we're not only being able to sell in but adoption is really strong across the world. We see a lot of momentum behind Revit.  We also see a lot of momentum behind those auxiliary products, the ancillary ones around Building systems and Revit structure which really if you remember is really the promise of this building information model, is to have the complete model of the building.  And so we're seeing strength in the other products associated with it. But we're really happy with the performance of Revit and I think everywhere I go in the world, I continue to be impressed by the awareness around Revit and either the people who have already moved or they intent to move in the short-term. 
Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse: Great. Thanks, guys. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brian Essex with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed. 
Brian Essex - Morgan Stanley: Hi, good afternoon. I was wondering if I can get a little bit of color on performance on a gross margin level sequentially, maybe not explicitly as you may not be allowed to disclose that, but I guess by directionally whether you felt that was flat or a little bit up?  And then as a follow-up to that, baked into your guidance for the year, for expected operating margins, how much of that is related to costs associated with the legal and accounting expense for the option review? In other words, if we look at the margin expansion, you're still forecasting over the end of the year, what would the normalized rate be? 
Alfred Castino: Okay, I actually quoted the number for the total option related expenses review cost in the year I believe it was $5 million. 
Brian Essex - Morgan Stanley: Okay. 
Alfred Castino: So that has a slight impact, but it's pretty small. In terms of the gross margins for the quarter, I can't give you the number because of the reason I can't give you all of it but what I can is that in terms of direction, gross margin improves in the quarter.  And that was primarily due to improvements in gross margin for Advanced Systems, which did a very good job in inventory controls and some other things to improve their margins this year. 
Brian Essex - Morgan Stanley: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bard Manuilow with American Technology Research. Please proceed. 
Bard Manuilow - American Technology Research: Hi, guys, can you talk about how we should think about the sustainable growth rate for maintenance going forward? 
Carl Bass: Could you please repeat that? 
Bard Manuilow - American Technology Research: Growth rate for maintenance going forward? 
Carl Bass: I think the best thing to do with the subscription program, the easiest one, it's a lot like the maximum depth, whether the easiest way to predict tomorrow's weather is by looking at today’s.  I think because of the steady nature of the subscription business, I think one of the things to look at is just plot it out quarter-over-quarter and you'll see and we haven't seen big changes either in attached or renewal rate. And obviously, the overall number is very sensitive to both of those things, and it's been fairly steady and we've seen you know abnormal jumps.  The only time you see a little bit of difference, there's a little seasonality around Q4 in that related historically to when the releases came out in the past. So other than that, there's nothing special, but if you just plotted out and extrapolate it, I think you do, as well as we do it. 
Alfred Castino: And referring at Investor Day, we capture now about 1.3 million seats. We still have a lot of seats to capture, so this is far from the end of the run. And in AutoCAD in particular, we have not captured the majority of active seats in AutoCAD. And but as people come back and buy new seats in upgrades they typically are catching so there's still lot of long way ahead of us on subscriptions. 
Bard Manuilow - American Technology Research: Okay, thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sasa Zorovic of Goldman Sachs. Please proceed. 
Sasa Zorovic - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. So you mentioned here that basically, the channel inventory at the end of the quarter was below normal range of 3 to 4 weeks. Is it back up at this point in the quarter? Could you comment on that? 
Alfred Castino: Do you mean, like I miss date? I don't like to quote channel inventory during the quarter. But what I'll tell you that the channel inventory has been lien now for several years continuously and we're finding the resellers are able to do their business more efficiently with less inventory and that's good for the whole ecosystem. So it is below our three-week norm. 
Sasa Zorovic - Goldman Sachs: And is it then likely to stay bit below the three-week norm then is the norm going down? 
Alfred Castino: Norm is not going to go down. Somewhere around three to four weeks is about right. I don't want it to get so low that they can't meet customer needs either, but yeah, recently they have been able to keep it below the three-week norm. 
Sasa Zorovic - Goldman Sachs: And then going back to the issue of a buyback that you briefly mentioned, potential buyback rather you mentioned at your Analyst Day, do you still anticipate that one sort of you're completed with the review here and restatement of the past figures there that you would be in essence taking all the excess cash and going ahead with the buyback there? 
Alfred Castino: Well, I'm not ready to forecast that. What I can tell you though is, we remain committed to offset all of the employee stock program dilution. So I expect our employees will lock out a market for eight or nine months. They will go out and exercise stock options and we'll be out there offsetting that.  Now to the extent we have excess cash flow, I don't want to flying around earning, low rates and interest and it needs to find something productive to do and could be a stock buyback, but I won't predict a point in time I'm going to do that. 
Sasa Zorovic - Goldman Sachs: Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Ross Macmillan with Jefferies. Please proceed. 
Ross Macmillan - Jefferies & Co.: Yeah, thank you. So if I look at the unit volumes on several 3D Revit and Inventor commercial and I compare year-over-year, it looks like it only grew about 2%, and I'm trying to square that with your comments on the additional incentives for 3D that are only really impacting revenues.  I guess, I'm not squaring the two things. I would have thought there was some better volume throughput, if you put higher incentives in place to sell 3D products. Can you help me understand that? Thanks. 
Carl Bass: Yeah, so one thing that’s hard to breakout is the mix between different geographies. So the unit is not a unit, if that makes any sense. So last year, we had a couple quarters with high unit rates in some of the emerging countries and so you can't just compare them equally and do the math around it.  But we did see a good growth rate in both unit and revenue in the developed countries and as we've talked about before, we always had more volatility in the emerging countries around both units and volumes. 
Alfred Castino: And then other thing to keep in mind here is, we did grow the revenue 19% and we talked about how the per unit revenue has to go down, so it doesn’t imply in slowing business. 
Ross Macmillan - Jefferies & Co.: Would you expect though that maybe it was a tough compare so the 3D unit volumes would improve from the Q1 position in terms of year-over-year growth? 
Carl Bass: We're not going to forecast units going forward. 
Ross Macmillan - Jefferies & Co.: Okay. 
Carl Bass: I mean, I think if you look at our guidance for the rest of the year, it takes into account what we think will happen. 
Ross Macmillan - Jefferies & Co.: And then just one for Al, $19 million foreign exchange benefit for revenue, which is about four points I think of growth. If I did a calculation where I looked at bookings such as revenues for change and deferred, can I apply sort of a similar impact to growth from foreign exchange, if I included the base of maintenance? Is that geographically fairly consistent with revenue? 
Alfred Castino: It's pretty close. If you keep in mind though that subscription, people can typically pay a year in advance and that falls out of the income statement in the course of the year. So to try and do it that precisely is going to be tough. 
Ross Macmillan - Jefferies & Co.: Sure. Okay. Thanks a lot. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gene Munser of Piper Jaffray. Please proceed. 
Gene Munser - Piper Jaffray: Good afternoon and congratulations. If you could look at some of the bundling opportunities, I know you talked about those at the Analyst day, I guess kind of an update on that of when we potentially could see more bundled products or is it just not going to be enough to move the needle in calendar '07? Thanks. 
Carl Bass: Thanks, Gene. Like I said, in New York, you should see some activity from us in this area during the year. I don't think it will have any material impact on it, and certainly any of the guidance we give is not predicated on any of that taking shape or being a big mover, but you'll start seeing more activity around that throughout the year. 
Gene Munser - Piper Jaffray: Excellent, and I probably got the answer to this question lost in all of those questions around the changes in the channel, but Al, what do you say about expectations in terms of margin improvements for, I know you've historically said 1% to 1.5% kind of per year. Is that still kind of the track? 
Alfred Castino: Yeah. We are committed to modest improvements in margins year by year. And certainly as we grow over the coming five years and the compound growth rate we're talking about we get into the 30s but we're committed to modest improvements. We intend to keep growing this business and we constrain our margins in order to make growth investments.  And that continues, we think there's a lot of runway ahead of us and we'll make growth investments while we increase the margin. 
Gene Munser - Piper Jaffray: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of David Heim (ph) with Needham & Company. Please proceed. 
David Heim - Needham & Co.: Hi, thanks. Carl, I just have a macro question for you. I was hoping that you could talk about sustainability and how green design is a driver. It's obviously an issue that's been in the press quite a bit these days, and I was hoping that you could give a sense of how sustainability of the driver compares to some of your other macro drivers. 
Carl Bass: Yeah, I mean, as you correctly pointed out, it seems to be the most popular trend out there. You can't open a newspaper or magazine or attend a conference without, sustainability being front and center. I mean, really what it is, in terms of our business, sustainability introduces a new kind of design problem.  Historically, when people design something, the constraints surround it may be around cost, manufacturability, time to market, all of a sudden, energy consumption has entered the picture. So, let me give you just two quick examples of the context of the building, there are many, many design decisions that affect the overall energy consumption in order to heat, cool, and light a building.  What it's doing is driving people towards building these digital prototypes or 3D models, so they can better understand the energy requirements. And so as an example if I had a building and I rotated it ten degrees on the site, would that increase or decrease the amount of energy needed to heat or cool the building?  If I change the materials or change the amount of glass, those are all examples and by having the 3D model, people are able to do energy analysis in a way that was not doable before. The other place we see it increasingly is the manufacturing.  I mean, obviously in terms of things like the performance of automobiles, things like the aerodynamics or again things where you need a 3D model to better analyze that, mainly in that case in terms of the performance and the running of the vehicle but people are also very concerned with the energy cost of manufacturing as well as the energy cost of recycling and maintenance and repair and operation. 
David Heim - Needham & Co.: Got it. Thanks. 
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty of JP Morgan. Please proceed. 
Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan: Thanks. First question is for Al. Al, is there any concern that the additional changes that you made to the prior periods, the $15 million for revenue and the deferred revenue change, is there any concern that, that might actually delay the time it will take to get current on the filings? 
Alfred Castino: No. It's a minor change and the $0.12 with the books open and the best practices that you have small things like that to go ahead and change them, but no it's a minor thing. It won't delay us. 
Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan: Okay. And the second question is you made the comment that with $1.3 million seats on subscription you still have a long way to go but just for us to get a sense, can you tell us, out of the installed-base, how many of those seats now are kind of educational or maybe if you just want to bucket it together, how many of the installed seats would not be eligible or not likely to go subscription? 
Alfred Castino: We don't provide exact data like that, but what I will say is that there's millions of eligible seats and we got 1.3 million that are on subscription. So there's a lot of room ahead of us. 
Sue Pirri: And Sterling, the active penetration numbers that we've given you always reflects the active base. So it doesn't include any of those legacy seats. 
Alfred Castino: Yes. Like that AutoCAD number we gave exactly, we said 40%, we went back and took the last three releases of AutoCAD and I actually use the base and I actually maintain that the eligible but the base actually of customers who could be attached is higher because customers are four or five leases behind losing a product at some point are probably going to upgrade or cross grade and get off subscription too. So I think they’re actually that under states our opportunity. 
Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan: Okay, and then last question is for Carl. I know Agile traditionally, quite a different area for PLM, but just any thoughts around Oracle's bid year for Agile, maybe how it shapes the PLM market going forward and your opportunity within it? 
Carl Bass: Yes, so my first reaction, a long last Agile family finally sold itself. It's been for sale for so long and they found a buyer. Truth is, a little surprised by who the buyer was but one of the things to recognize about Agile, they built a very successful business and only roughly falls under this umbrella of PLM.  I mean, they were in a very specific business particularly around high-tech with the kind of components and parts that most of the mechanical CAD Systems have nothing to do with. So, narrowly speaking I don't think it changes the outlook for PLM for us or for any really of our competitors.  I mean, more broadly speaking, there's always been this question and this just heightens it of when some of the ERP vendors are going to try to come into this part of the market, engineering has always been somewhat isolated from the rest of the enterprise. So, it just makes you more curious, particularly in response to the, what Oracle's competitors will do in response to this.  From our point of view, it doesn't change anything, just to reiterate what I said in New York, our opportunity in data Management and product data Management all really starts in the engineering department. We're really working from the grassroots and solving engineers problems.  Our focus is on that part of the problem and as an adjunct to that, the connection to the enterprise whereas most of the kind of large complex expensive PLM Systems have that in reverse where that's their prime thing as connection to enterprise systems. 
Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan: Got it. Thank you. 
Carl Bass: You're welcome. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions) 
Sue Pirri: Anything else out there? 
Operator: At this time, there are no questions. Ms. Pirri you may go ahead with closing remarks. 
Sue Pirri: Thank you, Operator. We thank you all for joining us for our first quarter results call and if you have any questions feel free to give me a call in the office at 415-507-6467. Have a great day. 
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Good day. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :

===== 2007 Q4  (2007-02-27 17:00:00) =====
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Executives: Sue Pirri - VP of IR   Carl Bass - President and CEO   Al Castino - CFO 
Analysts: Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird   Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch   John Mayeta - Needham & Company   Peter Kuper - Morgan Stanley   Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse   Chris Sailer - Goldman Sachs   Philip Alling - Bear Stearns   Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities   Brent Thill - Citigroup   Brad Manuilow - AmTech   Michael Huang - ThinkEquity   Sasa Zorovic - Oppenheimer and Company   Heather Bellini - UBS   Daniel Cummins - Banc of America   John McPeake - Prudential Equity Group   Vik Churamani - Lehman Brothers 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Fourth Quarter 2007 Autodesk Incorporated Financial Results Conference Call. My name is Melanie, and I will be your coordinator for today. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. We will conduct a question-and-answer session at the end of this conference. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this call is being recorded for replay purposes.  I would now like to turn the call over to Ms. Sue Pirri, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed. 
Sue Pirri: Thank you, operator. Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us today, as we report results for our fourth quarter of fiscal 2007. With me are Carl Bass and Al Castino. Today's conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available via webcast on our website, www.autodesk.com/investor.  During the course of this conference call, we will make forward looking statements regarding future events and the future performance of the company, including information regarding the restatement of our past financial statements, our guidance for the first and second fiscal quarters and for fiscal year 2008, the factors we use to estimate our guidance in those periods, our competitive position, our future business prospects and revenue growth, our market opportunities and trends for our products in various geographies. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us, and that actual events or results could differ materially.  Please refer to the documents we file from time to time with the SEC and specifically our 10-K for fiscal year 2006, our 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30, 2006 and our periodic 8-K filings including the 8-K filed with today's press release. These documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause the actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements.  In adherence to regulation Fair Disclosure, Autodesk will provide quarterly information and forward-looking guidance in its quarterly financial results press release and this publicly announced financial results conference call. We will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter, unless we do so in a public forum. Autodesk does not assume any obligation to update the forward-looking statements provided to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they were made.  During today's call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures will be provided in this conference call, and is made available on our website at www.autodesk.com/investor.  Now, I would like to turn the call over to Carl Bass. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
What if there was a way to promote your company to a perfectly targeted group of potential customers, partners, acquirers and investors? What if you could tailor your pitch to them at the moment of maximum interest? And what if you could do this for a no-brainer price? :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details. 
Carl Bass: Good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us. Today Autodesk reported another quarter of strong financial performance. Quarterly revenue was a record $497 million, a 19% increase over last year.  Spending on total costs and expenses increased very slightly sequentially. And once again we achieved record quarterly results on most of our key business metrics, including 3D revenue, maintenance revenue from subscriptions, and revenue from emerging economies.  Before we get into the detail of the quarter, I would like to provide an update on Autodesk's voluntary review of past stock option granting practices.  Today we filed an 8-K and a press release stating that the Audit Committee has completed its review. Based on the findings of the voluntary review, which are detailed in our press release, the Board of Directors has concluded that the financial statements for fiscal years' 2003 through 2006 should be restated, including the opening balance sheet.  The company currently estimates that the pre-tax non-cash charges to be incurred over the 18 year review period are in the range of $38 million to $45 million. Approximately $23 million to $26 million of the pre-tax restated amounts will apply to the income statement for fiscal years' 2003 through 2006. The remainder, which is applicable to prior fiscal years, will be recorded as a charge to retained earnings to the opening balance sheet for fiscal 2003.  A summary of the Audit Committee's key findings is contained in today's press release, but I wanted to highlight two key points. There was no evidence that any Officer or Director backdated any stock options to himself or herself. And based on the evidence developed during the review, the Audit Committee concluded that it was unlikely that the people involved in the decisions and actions that resulted in incorrect measurement aids, understood the accounting impact of their actions or intended to misstate our financial statements.  Before filing our restated financial statements as well as our delinquent quarterly reports, our auditors must complete a review of the findings. In addition, we plan to seek pre-clearance from the SEC. Once those reviews have been completed, Autodesk will file its financial statements with the SEC as soon as possible and put this issue behind us.  Before we move on, I would like to say to our shareholders and to our employees that we understand how frustrating this time has been. Autodesk is a company of very high standards in every facet of our business and the issues identified in the review are inconsistent with those high standards.  Now that the review is concluded, we will begin working to resolve the remaining issues quickly and with as little impact as possible. We thank you all for your patience and support.  Now, let's talk about the quarter. Customer demand for Autodesk products was robust this quarter. Compared to the last year, revenue from new seats increased 15%. Once again, revenue from new seats of Revit was exceptional, increasing 95% compared to the last year. Revenue from new seats of AutoCAD Mechanical and Inventor Professional were also robust, increasing 68% and 62% respectively compared to the last year. Revenue from new seats of Flame increased more than a 100% compared to the last year.  Our 3D Solutions, Inventor, Revit, and Civil 3D continue to gain market share across all industries. Total 3D revenue increased 40% over the fourth quarter of last year to $121 million, and we shipped more than 47,000 commercial seats of our 3D products. For the year, 3D revenues increased 41% on nearly a 150,000 commercial seats.  Our Revit family of products had outstanding performance. Quarterly revenues increased to 100% over last year, and we shipped more than 23,000 commercial seats. For the year, Revit revenues increased to 106% and we shipped nearly 70,000 commercial seats.  Civil 3D had terrific performance in the quarter, growing revenue 41% over the last year, and we shipped nearly 9,000 commercial seats. For the year, Civil 3D revenues increased 64% on nearly 31,000 commercial seats.  Inventor revenue increased to 18% compared to last year and 15% sequentially. In total, we shipped more than 15,000 commercial seats of Inventor in the quarter, easily surpassing the seats shipped by our closest competitor.  Total revenue from our Manufacturing Solutions Division increased 31% over the fourth quarter of last year. This is the most comparable measure of growth to that of our closest competitor and is more than twice their rate of growth. For the year, Inventor revenue increased 15% and we shipped nearly 48,000 commercial seats. Autodesk continues to win market share, as Inventor continues to outperform legacy solutions in all areas of mechanical design.  Emerging economies continue to be strong performers. Quarterly revenue in emerging economies increased 44% over last year and continues to represent 15% of total quarterly revenues.  Subscription showed outstanding performance in the fourth quarter. Driven by strong attach and renewal rates, maintenance revenue from subscriptions reached $123 million, an increase of 53% compared to the fourth quarter. And we ended the year with more than 1.2 million subscribers.  Deferred maintenance revenue from subscriptions increased $53 million sequentially and $115 million over the fourth quarter of last year to $328 million. Total upgrade revenue increased slightly compared to the fourth quarter of last year.  Upgrade revenue includes revenue from generic upgrades, that is, revenue from customers moving to a newer release of their existing product, which declined as expected. Total upgrade revenue also includes crossgrade revenue, which is revenue from sales to customers that move from one Autodesk product to a higher-priced product.  Crossgrade revenues increased 45% compared to the fourth quarter of last year. Combined upgrade revenue and maintenance revenue from subscriptions increased 28% over the fourth quarter of last year to $200 million.  Quarterly revenue from our Media and Entertainment Segment grew 50% over last year. Animation revenue increased 70% over last year to $32 million. However, animation revenue was down slightly from the third quarter.  During the fourth quarter, we inadvertently pre-announced the newest version of Maya, which stalled sales and caused us to defer some revenue. Maya 8.5 is now in the market and on track for strong future performance.  Advanced Systems had a strong quarter, increasing revenue 35% over the fourth quarter of last year. Revenue from Lustre, our color grading solution, increased 100% over last year. Combined revenue from Flame and Inferno, our effects systems, increased 123% over last year.  As customers continue to transition away from proprietary high-end SGI workstations, revenue from our Linux-based Solutions continues to show strong growth. In fact, this quarter, more than 85% of Systems product revenue was Linux-based.  Overall, I am very pleased with our performance this quarter.  Now, I would like to turn the call over to Al for a review of our financials. 
Al Castino: Thanks Carl. Once again, Autodesk delivered great performance. Net revenues in the quarter were $497 million, 19% higher than last year. For the full year, net revenues grew 21% to $1.840 billion.  Each of our geographies grew substantially compared to the fourth quarter of last year. Revenue in the Americas was $203 million, an increase of 15%. For the year, revenue in the Americas increased 21% to $734 million.  EMEA revenues were $189 million, an increase of 26% as reported and 15% constant currency. For the year, EMEA revenues were $687 million, an increase of 23% and 21% constant currency.  Asia-Pacific increased 18% to $105 million. Revenues in Japan decreased slightly compared to last year. Excluding Japan, revenues in Asia-Pacific increased 34% compared to last year.  Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates had an immaterial impact on revenue compared to the fourth quarter of last year. For the year, revenues in Asia-Pacific increased 17% to $418 million. On a constant currency basis, revenues increased 20% in fiscal 2007.  Looking at the divisions, Platform Technology revenue increased 5% over the fourth quarter of last year to $201 million. Consistent with our increased focus on moving customers to vertical and 3D products, both AutoCAD and LT grew more slowly this quarter.  Revenue from LT increased 7% compared to the fourth quarter of last year. Total LT upgrade revenue declined compared to last year, because of strong cross-grades from LT to higher priced products.  Quarterly AutoCAD revenue increased 4% compared to last year. Maintenance revenue from AutoCAD subscriptions increased 36% compared to last year, while upgrade from AutoCAD decreased again as planned. For the year, PTD revenue increased 10% to $806 million.  Quarterly Manufacturing Solutions revenue was $98 million, an increase of 31% over last year. As Carl mentioned, AutoCAD Mechanical had another terrific quarter, increasing revenue 38% over last year. In total, we shipped more than 59,000 seats to our users in the manufacturing market. For the year, MSD revenues increased 30% to $333 million  Quarterly revenue for Building Solutions increased 42% over last year to $74 million. Revenues from the Revit family increased 100% compared to last year. Revenues from Architectural Desktop, our vertical solution for architects, increased 14% compared to last year. For the full year, DSD revenues increased 36% to $242 million.  Infrastructure Solutions revenue increased 8% over last year to $57 million. Similar to last quarter, strong adoption of our 3D products is impacting growth rates for our vertical 2Ds products in this division.  While revenues from Land Desktop decreased compared to last year, revenues from Civil 3D increased by 41%. For the full year, ISD revenues increased 20% to $214 million.  Media and Entertainment revenue increased 50% over last year to $55 million. Advanced Systems had a very strong quarter, growing revenue 35% compared to the fourth quarter of last year. Animation revenue increased 70% over last year. For the full year, M&E revenues increased 36% to $235 million, driven by acquisition and growth in animation.  As we have not yet filed financial statements with the SEC, we will not provide EPS. However, I can tell you that our spending for total costs and expenses in the quarter increased by $5 million sequentially.  Spending for total costs and expenses, excludes FAS 123R stock-based compensation expenses and amortization of acquisition-related intangibles. Total costs and expenses in the quarter include $3 million related to voluntary stock option review.  Interest and other income decreased by $2 million sequentially to $4 million. You will recall, interest and other income in the third quarter included reimbursement of an escrow amount related to our prior acquisition.  Our tax rate in the quarter was 22% on a GAAP basis and 23% on a non-GAAP basis. Our non-GAAP tax rate was slightly higher than our GAAP tax rate in Q4 due to the adoption of FAS 123R at the beginning of fiscal 2007. In addition, the tax rate benefited from the passage of the federal R&D tax credit, partially offset by an increase in the rate as a result of higher mix of US earnings than planned.  Because we have not yet filed our Q2 and Q3 financial statements, GAAP accounting for subsequent events required us to push back several items to prior quarters. These items were small in total, but they will impact your model for previous quarters. Rather than explain them here, I will refer you to our financial results press release.  Compared to the fourth quarter of last year, foreign currency impact was $16 million favorable in revenue and $4 million unfavorable on expenses. Compared to the third quarter, foreign currency impact was $4 million favorable on revenue and $1 million unfavorable on expenses. For the full year, foreign currency impact had an immaterial impact on both revenues and expenses. Total deferred revenue increased $65 million sequentially to $398 million, excluding $57 million classified as long-term.  Deferred maintenance revenues from subscription were $328 million, an increase of $53 million sequentially and $115 million over the fourth quarter of last year.  Total backlog including deferred revenue increased to $415 million. This includes unshipped product orders or shippable backlog of $17 million, which was down $2 million sequentially and it's flat with the fourth quarter of last year.  Channel inventory decreased sequentially and remained below our normal range of 3 to 4 weeks. Channel inventory is usually low in advance of the launch of a new family of products.  Consistent with an unusually large sequential increase in deferred revenue, DSO increased slightly to 55 days this quarter, still within our normal range of variation.  Capital expenditures were $10 million in the quarter. Cash and investments increased $181 million sequentially to $778 million. We had strong cash flow from operations during the quarter and because of the stock option review, we were not able to repurchase shares. This led to a higher cash balance than I normally would want to see. We did not receive any cash from employee stock plans during the quarter.  There were approximately 231 million total shares outstanding, and fully diluted shares were 244 million on a GAAP basis and 245 million on a non-GAAP basis. The non-GAAP calculation differs from GAAP because of the adoption of FAS 123R.  Now to quickly recap our great year; revenues increased by 21% to $1.84 billion. The fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates were immaterial on both revenue and expenses for the year. While I can't give you any specifics on our operating margin or EPS, I can tell you that our total spending for the year was consistent with previous guidance to the forecast related to the voluntary stock option review. Fiscal 2007 was our fourth consecutive year of very strong financial performance.  Now, I'll turn to guidance for fiscal 2008. As usual, our guidance takes into account today's foreign exchange rates, including some level of buffer against future strengthening of the dollar. Because we are not yet current in our financial statements, I am not going to provide EPS guidance. Because we have not finalized the accounting related to the restatement of our financials, we are not able to provide GAAP operating margins for fiscal 2008 at this time.  For fiscal 2008, net revenues are expected to be between $2.075 billion and $2.125 billion. Non-GAAP operating margins for fiscal 2008 are expected to be in the range of 27% to 27.5%. This range does not take into account FAS 123R stock-based compensation expenses or reimbursement to employees for tax issues arising from the stock option review, both of which we are currently unable to determine, but believe will be significant and amortization of acquisition-related intangibles were approximately $16 million.  We now expect our tax rate for all of fiscal 2008 to be between 25% and 26%. The rate has increased due to our higher anticipated mix of US versus foreign earnings and to phase out of the extra territorial income tax benefit or ETI.  Net revenues for the first quarter of fiscal 2008 are expected to be in the range of $490 million to $500 million. Non-GAAP operating margins for the first quarter of fiscal 2008 are expected to be in the range of 25.5% to 26.3%. This range does not take into account FAS 123R stock-based compensation expenses, reimbursement to employees for tax issues arising from the stock option review, both of which we are currently unable to determine, but believe will be significant and amortization of acquisition related intangibles of approximately $4 million.  The company estimates it will spend approximately $4 million in the first quarter on legal, tax and accounting fees related to the voluntary stock option review.  Net revenues for the second quarter of 2008 are expected to be $505 million to $515 million. Non-GAAP operating margins for the second quarter of fiscal 2008 are also expected to be in the range of 25.5% to 26.3%. Again, this range does not take into account FAS 123R stock-based compensation expenses, reimbursement to employees for tax issues arising from the stock option review, both of which we are currently unable to determine but believe will be significant and amortization of acquisition related intangibles of approximately $4 million.  Estimates of spending in the second quarter do not include any cost related to the voluntary stock option review.  Now, let me turn back over to Carl. 
Carl Bass: Thanks, Al. Before we take your questions, I would also like to talk about the new fiscal year. As you can tell from the guidance Al just provided, we believe fiscal 2008 will be our fifth consecutive year of outstanding financial performance. I would like to share with you some of the reasons for our optimism.  A number of the headwinds we faced in 2007 will subside in 2008. Customer adoption of our Linux-based Advanced Systems is significantly improving and our Japanese business is stabilizing. The substantial year-over-year decrease in three-step upgrade revenue has passed, as our annual product retirements become less significant by design.  The options review is almost behind us. Our business performed remarkably well during the distraction of the review, but it was a distraction. Customer demand for Autodesk Solutions remains very strong. Once again, revenue from new seats and emerging businesses was approximately two-thirds of total revenues for the year.  As we start our launch of our new family of products around the world, we continue to enjoy strong underlying market demand.  Growth in our 2D business continues to be strong. Revenue from new seats of 2D grew 13% in fiscal 2007. This is important because 2D growth fuels our future opportunity for 3D migration. Our 3D Solutions continue to gain momentum. Our model-based 3D products reached 24% of total revenue in the fourth quarter. And we are still in the early stages of penetrating our large installed base of 2D users.  We estimate that less than 50% of our growing 2D base has added in 3D, leaving significant opportunity for future growth from our own base. And in addition, we continue to win market share from other legacy 3D systems, as customers adopt our mainstream solutions.  Subscription continues to demonstrate robust growth. As you know, subscription reduces volatility and provides a consistent high margin revenue stream in place of the annual focus on upgrades.  Finally and most importantly, I am optimistic because of the market trends that continue to drive growth in our business; sustainability, expanding consumer choice, infrastructure investment around the globe, growth in emerging economies, the drive to keep data digital, and the growth in the use of animation in films, TV and games.  Our customers want solutions that make them more competitive in a phase of these important worldwide trends. Autodesk is providing these solutions.  Operator, we are ready for questions. 
Operator: (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Steve Ashley with Robert Baird. Go ahead. 
Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird: Hi. I wonder if you might be able to breakout for us what the AutoCAD new seat license growth might have been in the period. 
Al Castino: We are not going to break it out at this point. 
Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird: Well, maybe I could ask a question about the platform revenue. The platform revenue grew about 5% this period, had grown 9% in the previous quarter. And you have talked about that being a goal or maybe growing that low double-digits. Can you comment on mid single-digit growth there, and what if you still think, a low double-digit growth rate is reasonable there? Thank you. 
Carl Bass: Yeah, I think the previous guidance we gave is still fair ground. What I would say though is and we were very pleased by the growth in our other products, the vertical products, the 3D products, subscription. So, in some ways, it was a movement of revenue from one bucket to the other. But I am still thinking of around a 10% growth rate for that business is more than reasonable. 
Steve Ashley - Robert W. Baird: Great. Thanks so much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Merrill Lynch. Go ahead. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Thanks. Good afternoon. Carl, how are you thinking about the relative growth rates of the verticals in fiscal '08? When you look at fiscal '07, it looks like MSD minus the Alias acquisition grew about as fast as the former ISD at around 20% and Building significantly outgrew both. So, what's your thinking about how that might play out in '08? In addition, can you comment on the recent internal reorg with the abandonment of ISD and the movement of some resources around the company? 
Carl Bass: Jay, that abandonment term sounds so harsh. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: I know. I was struggling for a multi-syllabic word. 
Carl Bass: Okay. Let me start with the short words. In terms of the relative growth, I don't expect much change. I think if you were to look at the product lines, I think extrapolating the product lines forward is probably the best indication of what you should expect to happen. So, I think the Building market continues to do really well on a worldwide basis and I expect that to continue. And I think in the other markets, a 20% kind of growth rates are what we expect. I don't see any dramatic shift.  But one thing you have to be aware of is a [part here], which leads to the second question, was there any other reorganization? In this year, we will be reporting differently, as a number of products have moved. And so, let me just comment on the reorg, and then we can go back and maybe Al will comment on the reporting of that.  Reorg was really done to accomplish a couple of things. What we really are beginning to see from our customers is this desire for the integration of our products that no building exists independent of the land on which it stands. And so, the idea of bringing our architecture, engineering, and construction products together was a very important thing, as well as a number of the other things, we are seeing this convergence, this real desire for our products to interoperate.  So, we did a number of things in the reorg really to accomplish that from a structural point of view. We've been working on it. And for those of you who have seen things at like Autodesk University, we've been talking about it for a number of years. But we just wanted to put in the structural reinforcement that makes sure that the company operated in a way that we were starting to see interoperability and the meshing of the products.  So with that, you will see reporting that's different this year. What I would say is we have not decreased our commitments to the infrastructure solutions at all. As a matter of fact, what we thought is, we move the component parts to places where they would work better with the other parts of the division.  And so, the civil engineering part of ISD is now with the newly renamed Architecture Engineering and Construction group, formerly known as BSD and a geospatial part is with the platform division. So if anything, we see this as a bigger investment in what was formerly known infrastructure, and certainly not abandonment. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Okay, that's fair. Now, as a part of that and the outlook for the verticals, what are your expectations for adding to sales capacity in the year? There is some discussion out there that you may in certain regions and some verticals selectively add and qualify certain of the resellers for added capacities to drive vertical growth, can you comment on that? 
Carl Bass: Yes, we are continuing our, I'd say multi-year program, say a channel, capacity and capability. As I tried to point out before when people have asked about this, the important number to look at is the number of people actually selling on behalf of Autodesk within our resellers as opposed to the actual number of resellers. And we think we've done a good job in winnowing down the number of channel partners. And now, we are looking to expand those. And in some cases that expansion is geographic and in some cases that expansion is to verticals.  If you just go back for a second, Jay, it only makes sense that we are able to add this much revenue by adding that much sales capacity. This was a direct sales force. You would see the correlation much more closely. But if you look back, over the last four years, we've added more than $1 billion in revenue. And obviously, we have had to do that with 85% of the business going through our channel partners. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Right. And then lastly on Japan, you talked about issues previously of both capacity and capability there. What's the latest on that? 
Carl Bass: What I said in my prepared remarks is Japan is stabilizing. But I would say it's still not meeting our expectations. We have made a number of leadership changes because we think that's part of the problem. And then we think there are other issues that I have referred to before, things that taken to the structural characteristics of the market in the reseller channel and we are making changes there as well. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Thanks Carl. 
Carl Bass: You are welcome, Jay. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Richard Davis with Needham & Company. Go ahead. 
John Mayeta - Needham & Company: Hey, thanks very much. It's actually John Mayeta for Richard. First question I had, Carl, can you actually repurchase shares in the open market, or do we have to wait till the SEC comes back and you are able to actually file your financials. 
Carl Bass: We can't purchase any shares until we are back on file. 
John Mayeta - Needham & Company: Okay. And then product road map question. With regards to simulation, currently, obviously there is something you partnered with ANSYS to fill that gap. Longer-term, is that something that you actually build out internally or is that something you do a little tuck-in acquisition? How do we think about simulation in the long-term? 
Carl Bass: So, I think when you look at simulation analysis, the first thing to remember is, simulation analysis for us covers all of our markets, and so where ANSYS is really focused on the mechanical design market. And we will continue to partner with ANSYS, but I think you will also see us as we've done in the past year, continue to make acquisitions in simulation analysis. When you look at the vision, we have kind of laid out what's important to our customers, it's really this whole idea of building digital prototypes. And that's true whether it's a bridge, whether it's a car or whether it's a building. And in order to do that we need more technical capabilities. So, I think you'll see acquisitions. But in general, they follow more and more of the small tuck-in type of acquisitions. 
John Mayeta - Needham & Company: Got it. Thanks very much. 
Carl Bass: You're welcome. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Peter Kuper with Morgan Stanley. Go ahead. 
Peter Kuper - Morgan Stanley: Great, thanks very much. Just making sure I've got the number straight on the currency, foreign exchange rate, rather before I think we had those about $1.28 to the euro, is that right versus then of course where we are going here from a currency given the Q1 guidance? 
Al Castino: We never gave you the exact rate, but basically what we tell you is, on the date of our call we look at the market rate and we back off a few cents on several cents just to be conservative in case if dollar were to appreciate. But we don't give the exact rate. 
Peter Kuper - Morgan Stanley: Okay. So, I guess I am getting a benefit. You are actually being more concerned if the dollar weakens; you have got a pretty large boost considering your internal plans. We're taking kind of start, just a touch for the next quarter and the quarter after, but we are also looking for an even stronger euro to the dollar. So, I guess, what I am getting at is, how much are we rebasing here in the guidance? We are just a little more conservative overall due to the back half of the year feels to it or is there something else we should be looking at for why the guidance was a little bit light in the first half of the year versus the back half? 
Al Castino: We understand your guidance draw by the way. So, it's like identical what we said last quarter, except we have added the Q2 guidance. And in terms of the mix by a quarter, it doesn't really differ that much from prior years, if you take a hard look at it. It's fairly equivalent. There is always timing of promotions and the (inaudible) happiness, things like that they go on and can change the seasonality somewhat, but it's fairly close to prior years. 
Peter Kuper - Morgan Stanley: Okay. All right. Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Phil Winslow with Credit Suisse. Go ahead. 
Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse: Hi guys. I just wanted to spend a moment on the operating expense side of the house as far as guidance goes. May be margins are a little bit below where they should for the first half, but above for the second half. I wonder if you can give us a sense for just investing there, sales, marketing and R&D and sort of what your initiatives when you look out over the course of this year? 
Carl Bass: I think we talked about already continuing to make sure that invest in channel capacity. That's an important thing that we have been continuing to do. And we think it continues to be important. When you look at a number of the growth drivers like 3D or emerging economies, obviously it involves more capability as well as capacity. So, we are going to keep investing there. And we really kept our R&D investment pretty consistent over the last three or four years 19%, 20% of revenue in R&D. We intend to keep that so as the revenue goes up continue to invest. So, I don't see a big mix shift when you look at the big line items. 
Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse: And then, any progress on any particular vertical, last year it was sort of a focus on manufacturing, any changes this year? 
Carl Bass: No, I think we have talked about manufacturing, we continue to believe that it's our biggest opportunity. But the other markets are doing very well and they are very important as well. 
Phil Winslow - Credit Suisse: Okay, great. Thanks guys. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Chris Sailer with Goldman Sachs. Go ahead. 
Chris Sailer - Goldman Sachs: Hi guys. Just a quick question on the timing of the filing of the financial statements that maybe after that happens any. How can we expect the buyback to go? 
Al Castino: The goal of buyback hasn't changed. So, as employees exercise stock option, and give them the employee stock repurchase program, our goal continues to be to offset any dilutions in those programs. So, the buyback don't necessarily tie to that amount quarter-by-quarter. But, over the course of total quarters, we want to pretty much be offsetting the dilution from those programs. That's what we intend to do with it. 
Chris Sailer - Goldman Sachs: Okay. And timing of the financial statements? 
Al Castino: We have a number of processes that go through with the auditors. And then we are going to pre-clear with SEC. So, we can't really control that right now. We are going to get it done as quickly as we can. That's all I can tell you. 
Chris Sailer - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Sounds good. Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Philip Alling with Bear Stearns. Go ahead. 
Philip Alling - Bear Stearns: Thanks very much. Carl, I wanted to come back to the comments that you've made with respect to the less than 15% figure as far as the 3D penetration into your 2D base. Just wanted to get a bit more color there. So, the denominator in that is inclusive of LT and AutoCAD on a total installed base, that's my assumption there. And also if you could just give us a sense about what has your experience been as far as your LT users that have decided to purchase a 3D solution? 
Carl Bass: When we usually talk about this we don't include LT in the denominator. But, what we have seen is a fair number of LT users moving to our vertical products. And certainly the LT user in some ways is very different than the AutoCAD user. So, we would never expect the same kind of migration from LT to the vertical and 3D products. But we have seen there, we are seeing a healthy crossgrade there. 
Philip Alling - Bear Stearns: Okay. Just with respect to acquisition revenue in the quarters from Alias and Constructware, I believe that you had said in the year-ago quarter that you had about $3 million in Alias revenue there. Could you let us know what the figures were for the quarter you just reported and what they were for Constructware as well? 
Al Castino: We are not doing quarterly updates anymore. The problem with that is, it is very tough to say what organic is versus acquisition at some point, because we fully integrate this in our business with our sales group, with our products. What we did say at the beginning of the year is we thought that acquisitions would add about 5% to our growth rate for the year and that's still in the ballpark. But it's very tough for us now to accurately split it up quarter-by-quarter. 
Philip Alling - Bear Stearns: Could you then give us any color in terms of how you think those businesses have done since you have acquired them? 
Al Castino: They have performed according to expectations and beyond. And they have done very well for us, both on the manufacturing side and the animation side. 
Philip Alling - Bear Stearns: Okay. And I guess the final question from me. There was an earlier comment about the deceleration in growth in the platform technology divisions that you report. In any way, does that reflect some of the changes that you made in incentives for your resellers with respect to the sale of the AutoCAD solution? Or how should we be thinking about that going forward? 
Carl Bass: Well, the key point; the goal of that distribution chain is to incent resellers to sell the higher end products. So, I hope it has something to do with that. That's what we are trying to do. We really want our resellers to add value by selling vertical products and by selling 3D products, that's one of the goals.  There were other things going on during the quarter. So, we had crossgrades in LT that did well. We also had a fairly tough compare. In Q4 of last year, we had that last three quarters of upgrades. So the compare is tougher. But keep in mind, our strategy is to migrate our customer and that means our resellers to the higher end products. That's what we want to do. 
Philip Alling - Bear Stearns: Thanks so much. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brendan Barnicle with Pacific Crest Securities. Go ahead. 
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Thank you. As a follow-up to that question, as you have made the changes and incented the channels to sell more of the vertical products, there has been some changes in the channels and some resellers are no longer in it. Has that process normalized now? Are we through the changes there and that sort of a stable state of resellers now? 
Carl Bass: We would always say that we constantly monitor our channel partners for their performance. And so, I think it's an ongoing process, just like you would manage an internal sales force. You can't rest on the work that was done three years ago or something like that. So, I don't think you should expect to see from us anything too dramatic, but I think you'd be going too far to say that we are just going to be passive about how the channel performs. 
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: And several of the big promotions ended with the end of the fiscal year. As you look out to next year, what are those promotion plans going to be? Is it similar to what we have seen in the past? 
Carl Bass: Let me just take the opportunity a second to remind you that some of the promotions are actually driven by us and many promotions that you guys encounter out there are actually driven by our resellers. And so, we only have a handful of promotions during the year, trying to get some strategic initiatives accomplished.  And so, we have very few promotions planned and much of what you will see is stuff related to our channel partners. What you will see is things from us like there is much more systematic moving up of the incentives from one set of products to the other. 
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Can we assume from that, Carl, that it's fewer promotions this year than last year? 
Carl Bass: No, I wouldn't expect that. I think, what I was really trying to say is sometimes when you encounter a promotion, it's really hard to tell if that's an Autodesk inspired one or one that channel partners created on their own. 
Al Castino: And Brendan, you should keep in mind that the level of promotion of last year was just normal. We have promotions every year and there hasn't been anything unusual going on. 
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Great. And then, Al, as you look at the increase in the tax rate, the 25%, 26%. How should we be modeling that? Is that going to increase quarterly or are we going to be modeling 25.5% through the year? Any additional color you can give us there? 
Al Castino: The best thing to your model right now is to use that range of 25%, 26%. What I said in the past is the tax rate is based on, first of all, the mix of foreign and US earnings. We have a higher tax rate in the US than we do internationally. We have a very efficient tax structure internationally. And also it's based on the assumption of how much of the foreign based cash needs to be repatriated back to the US. And of course when it comes back to US, you obviously have to pay taxes on it.  And then the third thing of course that impacts it is changes in the tax legislation in various countries, including the US. But if you look it at this year, the mix of earnings has gone more heavily to the US recently. And just the fact that we have been very successful in gaining productivity and particularly in the US, we have been driving that for several years, and that's helped us get more profitable in the US.  The second piece of it though is, Japan has been less profitable than we planned. And the issues we've been doing and that helps drive us the other way. Then on the tax legislation front, there used to be something called a FSC, foreign -- here what it stood for, but it was related to our exports.  We used to get a tax credit and that changed to something called ETI, extra-territorial credit, and that got eliminated this year, replaced by a different program that we can't take advantage of. So, that costs us something in that rate too. So there are always factors like that that can change, but right now I'd stick with that range. 
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brent Thill with Citigroup. Go ahead. 
Brent Thill - Citigroup: Thanks. Carl, on Japan you mentioned it is stable. How do you think about the business when it's back up and running at the level that you would like to see? Is that a six-month turnaround or are we looking at another year in terms of just high level view of how much longer you think it's going to take? 
Carl Bass: Brent, what I would say is, it's really still not meeting our expectations. The revenues grew 3% sequentially. And when I think about it, it is a little bit hard to predict. The first thing we had to see is this flattening out and moving to a slight improvement, we've made a number of changes. And I hope to see steady improvement throughout the year. 
Brent Thill - Citigroup: Okay. So, the 13% to 15% revenue growth for next year assumes that Japan will just be stable, not improving? 
Carl Bass: Let's put it this way, we were fully aware of the Japan situation when we prepared our guidance. 
Brent Thill - Citigroup: Okay. And then just on new seat growth, that number looks to have faded through the year. I think it faded in Q4 of last year. Anything that we should read into the growth rate relative to the last couple of quarters? 
Carl Bass: No, I think if you look at industry revenue, it increased 15% over the same quarter last year and for the fiscal year, it grew 20%. So, I am pretty pleased with that kind of growth rate. 
Brent Thill - Citigroup: Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brad Manuilow with AmTech. Go ahead. 
Brad Manuilow - AmTech: Hey guys, just a quick question to follow-up on the tax rate guidance. Is that a GAAP or non-GAAP estimate for the tax rate? 
Al Castino: The range of 25 to 26 actually covers both, the GAAP and non-GAAP. And there is a slight difference because of the FAS 123R, which is beyond the scope of this telephone call. It is very complex. The GAAP rate would tend to be a bit higher, higher range. 
Carl Bass: And you also wanted to have Al, repeat the reconciliation three or four or five times during the course of this phone call. 
Brad Manuilow - AmTech: Second question, how much of the growth in deferred maintenance was driven by renewals versus newer crossgrades? 
Al Castino: We don't split it up that way. But I can tell you renewals are very healthy and the renewal rates are very highly based across all of the products. And then, we are also getting high attach rates as we sell new products. So, it's really across the board. Renewals and attach rates on new seats are very high and in all products now, including 2D. And that's how you get the subscription grow to 25% revenue. 
Brad Manuilow - AmTech: Okay. Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Huang with ThinkEquity. Go ahead. 
Michael Huang - ThinkEquity: Thanks very much. Couple of questions for you. The first, in terms of customers demanding more of an integrated product offering from Autodesk; are you guys where you need to be right now to tie the products together? And how much work, if not, still remains there? Do you actually believe that an integrated offering actually could be a lever for new seat growth or more of a lever for win rates or retention rates? Thanks very much. 
Carl Bass: So, I think we are beginning to see customers want integration and let's talk about it in two senses. One is in terms of their workflow and so we talked about it earlier, integrated analysis, integrated simulation. So, that maybe taking our Revit product and integrating it with structural analysis. But it's true across our market. So, that's one thing they want.  They also want the integration across products. People want to use products like Max and Maya for a conceptual design. They also want to use those products for design visualization. As well as I talked about, when you think about the things that are inside a building for example; our people design that with software like Inventor. So, people want that integration as well. Where we are? We've been working on it for a year or so. We will continue to work on it. We are not done at all, but we think this is a unique advantage that Autodesk has and that over time, it will lead to more growth. 
Michael Huang - ThinkEquity: Great. And another question, just in terms of the reseller channel. Obviously, it's nice that you guys are looking to add some channel capacity. Could you help us understand what type of programs that you might be rolling out this year to drive further productivity in the reseller channel? I know that you've been able to get the resellers to invest in headcount, domain expertise, training programs, etcetera. Are there any new programs that are in the works that could help squeeze more productivity out of the reseller? 
Carl Bass: No, I don't want to pick all of your worries. We are not trying to squeeze the productivity out of the resellers. We're really trying to continue to invest alongside them. Our relationship with our channel partners goes back many, many years. And so, it's really one of mutual benefit. Like I said before, the way we added a billion dollars of revenue over the last four years is mostly with their hard work. And so, we're going to continue to invest alongside of resellers. When you look specifically at programs, I don't think there's much, that's very new. What we are doing is continuing the same programs that we believe have been successful over the last couple of years.  I think on the productivity side, what you will see is greater unification in our channel programs. So, we historically had differences on our channel practices between the different geographies and we've been unifying them as a way to save cost to get more efficient, and really take the best practices from each of the geographies and make it one process for all of Autodesk. 
Michael Huang - ThinkEquity: Great. Thanks very much, guys. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Sasa Zorovic with Oppenheimer and Company. Go ahead. 
Sasa Zorovic - Oppenheimer and Company: Thank you. So my first question would be regarding, you were mentioning that your market share is improving. I was wondering if you could comment into particularly against whom and how this purchase of the UGS by Siemens alters this any? 
Carl Bass: Yes. I think when we talk about gaining market share, I think there are number places we gain market share. So, remember ours just a manufacturing market in a second, Sasa. So just take it generally. The comments were really about all the markets we've participated. And we continue to believe we are winning market share. And for me the sign of that is really if you look, certainly at revenue growth, but more specifically if you look at new seat revenue growth, or new seats, both are good measures by which we have done very well at gaining market share.  I think if you look more specifically at the manufacturing market, I think what we continue to do is; the comments for there is that many of our competitors are getting longer in the tooth in the manufacturing market. This is all legacy software that they are selling at prices that no are longer appropriate in this market. And we continue each quarter to win considerably sized deals from each of these competitors.  I think it will be interesting to see, specifically to your question, what happens with the UGS acquisition. For many of us who have been in this business for a number of years, we have witnessed the acquisition of engineering software companies by industrial conglomerates. So far we haven't yet seen a successful one. And so, I would bet dollars to donuts. The private equity will have another shot at UGS within a few years, so we are not basing anything particularly. We think we will continue to do well, based on the strength of our products. We continue to think we are in the best position in terms of the breadth of our Manufacturing Solutions as well as I think we have the right products, right there where the market is. And so, I am very fond of it and I think in some ways, the UGS's private equity owners deciding to sell with somewhat of an ambition of competing in the market was going to be too difficult. 
Sasa Zorovic - Oppenheimer and Company: Then my second question would be around your guidance giving. Specifically how do you build in anticipation of certain GDP growth rates and such? And in particular, how some of the data that we have seen come out today, specifically is already incorporated or is not incorporated. And how you see the macro to a very micro picture that you look in the various geographies where you sell and based on which you provide your guidance? 
Al Castino: Well, Sasa I will tell you. We don't try to predict the economy. I typically look at the economy that we have now and assume it's going to continue. We have invested, our stellar vision of investing in a model that we do with an external economic consulting firm. And they do factor in many factors that are specific to countries and industries. And I think, in our case we need to get to that level to understand our business. And then we found that model is very useful in understanding the forecast in each of the country level and also industry level areas of the forecast. But, in terms of overall macro, again I don't make some assumption that I can give the -- what's going to happen to the economy and I simply take a current economic situation and it's going to continue. 
Sasa Zorovic - Oppenheimer and Company: So, is your guidance more a bottom-up base mainly from the particular resellers and then rolling all of that up or what's it really going to be sort of? 
Carl Bass: No, I think it's a combination of both touchdown and bottoms-up and we use this metric model that Al talked about. It's a way to triangulate. So, we certainly look at our sales pipeline, and met with our channel partners. We look at the continuation of our business as I have suggested before. Extrapolating our business is often a very good indication of where it is going. And we can bind them with some other factors, very specific to the products or particular launches or some condition in a particular country. But we really use them in a more holistic way to come up with our guidance and put the factors together to analyze it. 
Al Castino: Of course, one of the most important things to understand Sasa is, there is no economic indicator you can take outside the company and predict our business. We tried ourselves and the correlation we get is lousy. You really need to get to the country and the industry specific factors, that's what we do. And we all have data you can't get to and we look at that. As a matter of fact, that's clearly one of the inputs. 
Sasa Zorovic - Oppenheimer and Company: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with UBS. Go ahead. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Yeah, hi Carl. I was just wondering the 3D growth that you experienced this year I think it was 40% or 41%. Can you just give us an idea of how sustainable you think this growth is, as you look out to this fiscal year and what your expectations are for 3D? Thank you. 
Carl Bass: I think our 3D growth is sustainable. I mean, in some ways, the reason we often talk about the penetration rate into the 3D base is really an indication of that. We don't think we are in at some point where the curve is flattening out. So, we continue to think that we can do that. We also talked about the addition of new 2D users, because we think over time that many, if not most, or cheap 2D users will also add 3D tools to their toolset.  So, we look at that, but we feel good about it. And as I made couple of comments ago. I think we continue to believe that our situation competitively has been strengthening and we feel really good about this mixed launch of products that's coming after spring. And, so we feel really good about the position that puts us in. And so I think, people have asked, and Heather you may have been amongst them, is there a point of inflation in the curve in the 3D adoption? And we are not prepared to say that already. Although, certainly in certain products, we have seen an acceleration of adoption. Particularly, in the building space, when you look at Revit, you see something like that. So, I think there are some fits and starts in the adoption of many of these 3D products or more complex products. But, I also think there is a lot of room to grow. 
Heather Bellini - UBS: Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniel Cummins with Banc of America. Please go ahead. 
Daniel Cummins - Banc of America: Thanks. Yeah, several of my questions have been answered. Can you give us a sense of what the rate of spending growth is on two areas; one would be market development funds in the channel. We are seeing obviously a big expansion in the number of 3D training offerings. And secondly, product development centers overseas and particularly in emerging markets. 
Carl Bass: Well, we haven't really broken out our market development funds. But when you look at our overall sales and marketing, it's pretty much straight-lined with our revenue. It has been proportional to our revenue all along. And I would continue to expect the same thing to go on.  In terms of product development, we have always been slightly different in that. We have been very diverse. And we have been very distributed in our product development. For the kinds of products we build that are very complex, technical products. Our primary thing is looking for the particular talent necessary to build those products. Some of that is in the United States, but certainly it's overseas. But the primary determinant is not really cost. It turns out to be talent.  And so, we continue to look for those areas of talents outside the United States. And I would say, over the last year or two, certainly the mix has shifted, so that we have a higher proportion of engineers in software development happening outside the United States, than inside the United States. 
Daniel Cummins - Banc of America: Can I ask one more? 
Carl Bass: Sure. 
Daniel Cummins - Banc of America: Carl, you mentioned the animation revenue being perhaps a little bit below expectations because of the early announcement. And you cited the option review as somewhat of a distraction. Is there anything else that you could cite as a factor preventing you from hitting the high-end of the revenue guidance? 
Carl Bass: No, I think I was quite happy with where we came out for both; revenue for the year and revenue for the quarter. I think we were at the high end of the ranges. I think we are on-track. We had much less variability and volatility this year than in the years passed. So I felt, we did a much better job with our guidance. I think we hit it well. I think if you want to look to the biggest factor that prevented us from outperforming any of the numbers. It would certainly be the performance in Japan. 
Daniel Cummins - Banc of America: Okay. Thanks. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of John McPeake with Prudential Equity Group. Go ahead. 
John McPeake - Prudential Equity Group: Thank you very much. Just getting back to economic activity and a country near Japan, China; could you share with us what your year-over-year growth and the percentage of revenues that came from China were in the quarter? 
Carl Bass: We tend not to break out individual countries, but when we have spoken about our emerging economies as a whole, we've talked about it being somewhere to two to three times the rate of the more developed economies. Growth rates in the 40%, 50%, 60% range for individual countries. It varies. And one other thing that I was would say, when you look at our emerging economies, they are more volatile than our other ones. The other ones are much more predictable. So, you will have a good quarter and a bad quarter. But overall, we seen growth rates two to three times those of let's say, US growth rates. And it continues to be very strong.  We also asked talked about getting to 15% of revenue from emerging economies. So, I think that’s another way of looking at it and you can kind of back into how quickly their growth is relative to the other places by looking at that? 
Al Castino: In fact, looking at Asia, we also did relatively very well in India last quarter, and we feel very good about that this coming year too. 
John McPeake - Prudential Equity Group: Great. Okay. Thank you. 
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Vik Churamani with Lehman Brothers, go ahead. 
Vik Churamani - Lehman Brothers: Hi, just a quick clarification on guidance, and also for this current quarter it looks like when you run the math for earnings you guys came in at around $0.48, and then for Q1 and Q2 earnings is coming close to $0.40 to $0.41 and about $0.41 to $0.42, and then full year to about $1.79 to $1.80. Does that sound reasonable, Al? 
Al Castino: I can't give you EPS guidance. I am hearing such things that are reasonable, but I can't give EPS guidance. 
Vik Churamani - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then just on Q4, Europe was relatively strong. 
Sue Pirri: If we could back up for a second, your numbers were terribly close on both ends of the range. You might want to back and look at those. 
Vik Churamani - Lehman Brothers: Okay. I just wanted to double check that, because I am assuming the tax rate and then the interest income. It blows out the numbers a little bit. But any how -- 
Sue Pirri: Hold on. So, if you look at your operating margins, you would expect operating margins to increase with more revenue of course. So, if you apply that higher operating margin rate to the higher revenue rate, I think you will come up with a different number than you mentioned in your range. 
Vik Churamani - Lehman Brothers: Okay, will double check that. In Q4 Europe was strong, could you comment in terms of some of the softness in the US and what your expectations might be as you go in to the first half of the year? 
Carl Bass: I think the US did very well this year overall. We were really pleased. As a matter of fact remember with that tax rate, one of the reasons we talked about the tax rate going up is because of the shift to the US. So, there was really good growth in the US this year. And like I said, looking forward, I expect the trends to continue. Just as you think about it, the thing that continues to please me is that across our diversified business, both geographically and by industry, all of the sectors, with just one exception, really seem to be doing well. 
Vik Churamani - Lehman Brothers: Okay. And then just lastly, do you expect any positive benefit from Vista, given the lack of compatibility of the older products going into fiscal '08? 
Carl Bass: No. I wouldn’t look for any short-term benefit from Vista. As much as I am understanding is, I think people will upgrade to Vista at almost the rate at which new PCs are sold. There doesn't seem to be a big movement amongst our customer base to run out, and certainly get early versions of Vista. I think over time as Vista becomes the dominant operating system, you will see people moving off older versions. 
Vik Churamani - Lehman Brothers: Okay, great. Thank you. 
Sue Pirri: Operator, I think we'll wrap up here. We have run over our allotted time. So, everyone thank you for calling. Operator? 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for your participation in today's conference. That does conclude today's presentation. You may now disconnect your lines. 
TRANSCRIPT SPONSOR :
Company sponsors its own earnings call transcript:
Company sponsors partner's transcript:
Company sponsors competitor's transcript:
Issuer-sponsored research firm sponsors client's transcript:
Investment newsletter sponsors transcripts of successful stock picks:
IR firm sponsors transcript of micro-cap company:
Consulting company sponsors company's transcript in sector of interest: Your company's name and promotion could have been on this transcript! Learn more, or email Zack Miller for details.

===== 2007 Q2  (2006-08-18 06:45:00) =====
Executives: Sue Pirri - Vice President of Investor Relations Carl Bass - Chief Exec. Officer, President, Chief Operating Officer Alfred Castino - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Brent Thill - Citigroup John Stuart[ph] - UBS John - Needham & Company Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray Michael Huang - Thinkequity Ross Macmillan - Jefferies & Co. Barbara Coffey of Kaufman Bros. Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch Sasa Zorovic of Oppenheimer & Co. Vic Cherimonny - Lehman Brothers Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank Securities Brenden Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities Daniel Cummings - Bank of America Securities
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentleman, and welcome to the Q2 2007 Autodesk, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Chamika, and I will be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today’s call, Ms. Sue Pirri, Vice President, Investor Relations. Please proceed, ma’am.
Sue Pirri - Vice President of Investor Relations: Thank you operator, good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us today as we report results for our Q2 of fiscal 2007. With me today are Carl Bass and Al Castino. Today’s conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available by webcast on our website www.autodesk.com/investor. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the future performance of the company, including our guidance for the third fiscal quarter and for fiscal year 2007, our competitive position, future business prospects and revenue growth, spending related to the growth investment initiative, market opportunities for our products, our efforts to increase subscription and upgrade revenue and market opportunities in various geographies. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time to time with the SEC and specifically our 10-K filings for fiscal year 2006, our 10-Q for the quarter ended April 30th 2006 and our periodic 8-K filings including the 8-K filed today with this press release. These documents contain and identify important risks and other factors that may cause the actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements. In addition to regulation of fair disclosure, Autodesk will provide quarterly information and forward-looking guidance in its quarterly financial results press release and its publicly announced financial results conference call. We will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum. We do not assume any obligation to update the forward-looking statements provided to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they were made. Now I would like to turn the call over to Carl Bass.
Carl Bass - Chief Exec. Officer, Pres, Chief Operating Officer: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. I want to begin this call on a personal note. As we said in our press release, like many companies we have undertaken a voluntary review of our past stock option granting practices. We are following evolving best practices as we conduct this review. The audit committee is -- review with the assistance of independent outside legal counsel and we will not share the results of the review until it is completed. Best practices also preclude us from providing our preliminary earnings numbers until the review is completed. I do wish I were able to communicate several key points that are important to the company and our investors. First of all, we have an excellent management team and they are focused on continued strong business execution. Secondly, the practices being reviewed involve prior fiscal years and do not impact the health of our business going forward. Our business is strong, our products are great, our management team is excellent, and our employees are world class. This is a very strong company and we are well positioned to keep delivering great products and great financial results. Now let’s move to a discussion of our operations which as you will hear are very strong. Today Autodesk reported another terrific quarter of financial performance. Quarterly revenue was a record $415 million, a 21% increase over the last year. Once again, we achieved record quarterly results on many of our most important business matrix, including new seat revenue, 3D revenue, and subscription revenue. Spending in the quarter came in approximately $5 million less than the amount used for the high end of our previously delivered Q2 earnings stats. This was due to the timing of spent related to gross investment initiatives. And we continue to execute on a number of strategic and tactical fronts as well. During the quarter, we substantially completed the integration of Alias into Autodesk. We’ve also made good progress in the transition of our advanced systems product portfolio from SGI workstations to Linux. Customer demand for Autodesk products was robust this quarter. Compared to last year, revenue for new seats increased 24%. And once again, sales from new seats and emerging businesses were approximately two-thirds of our revenue in the quarter. This continues to be an indicator of the underlying strength of our business. Our 3D solutions; Inventor, Revit, and Civil 3D continue to gain market share as customers across all industries recognized the benefits of adopting model based design. Total 3D revenue increased 37% over Q2 of last year. Revenue from new seats of our 3D products increased 41% over Q2 of last year. We shipped more than 32,000 commercial seats of our 3D products. 3D now represents 20% of total revenues. Our Revit family products had outstanding performance again. Quarterly revenues increased to 96% over last year and we shipped more than 15,000 commercial seats. Civil 3D had terrific performance in the quarter, growing revenue 57% over last year, and shipping nearly 6,800 commercial seats. Inventor sales increased 14% over last year. However, Inventor sales in the Americas and EMEA were very strong, increasing 20% and 21% respectively. Like some of our competitors, we experienced the decline in manufacturing 3D sales in Japan compared to last year. In total, we shipped nearly 9,700 commercial seats in the quarter. We continue to win market share as the boundaries erode between mainstream solutions, such as Inventor and older price legacy offerings. While model based 3D products are already 20% of revenue, we are still in the early stages of penetrating our large installed base of 2D users and converting users of competitive legacy systems. We estimate that approximately 10% of the 2D base has converted to 3D, leaving significant opportunity for future growth in front of us. Our emerging economies continued to be an area of very strong performance. Quarterly revenue in our emerging economies increased 32% over last year and now we are -- 13% of total quarterly revenues. Subscriptions show terrific performance in Q2 driven by the strong attach and renewal rates, subscription revenue reached $104 million, an increase of 65% compared to the second quarter of last year. Our success with attach and renewals drove a $12 million sequential increase in the first subscription revenue. Consistent with the large increase in subscriptions, upgrade revenue decreased in the quarter as expected. Combined revenues from subscription and upgrades in Q2 increased 14% over the last year to $153 million, representing approximately 1/3 of total quarterly revenue. Quarterly revenue from our media and entertainment segment grew 30% over last year. Advanced Systems revenue was approximately flat with last year but increased 40% on a sequential basis. As you know, the Advanced System business is transitioning away from proprietary high end SGI workstations to Linux based solutions running on standard PCs. Through this transition are customers are obtaining better price performance and Autodesk is moving towards a business model with higher margins but lower revenue though due to the lower cost target. Revenue from our Linux based solutions was strong in the quarter. In fact, less than 20% of systems product revenue was SGI based. While we don’t believe this transition is complete, we are very encouraged by these results. We had a lot of success on the animation, our Max business grew 13% over the last year. During the quarter, we substantially completed the Alias integration. At the end of July we announced strong new versions of both Max and Maya. Customer feedback on the products was terrific. Overall I am very pleased with our financial performance this quarter. Now I would like to turn the call over to Al, for a review of our financials.
Alfred Castino - Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President: Thanks Carl. Once again Autodesk delivered great performance. As Carl said, net revenues in the quarter were $450 million, 21% higher than last year. This includes revenues from Alias of approximately $20 million, after the write down of deferred revenues required by GAAP. As we said, because we are in a process of completing the stock option review we have been advised that best practice is to provide only select highlights and not provide EPS. However, our spending came in at approximately $5 million less than the amount used in the high end of previously delivered guidance due to the timing of spending related to growth and investment initiatives. You should note that we have substantially completed the integration of Alias, with the merger completed we do not anticipate additional dilution from the acquisition and the former Alias operation are now indistinguishable from the rest of our operation. Therefore, we no longer provide you separate results for Alias. Each of our geographies grew substantially in the quarter. Revenue in the Americas was $168 million, an increase of 19% over Q2 of last year. EMEA grew 24% to $174 million. Asia Pacific increased 18% as reported, and 22% cost to currency. Revenues in Japan increase 8% as reported and a very strong 20% on a cost of currently basis. Looking at the division, platform technology increase revenue 11% over Q2 of last year, $201 million. Growth in PGD was led by a 29% increase in LT revenue from new commercial seats and a continued robust 70% increase in revenue from new commercial seats of AutoCAD. Manufacturing solutions revenue was $76 million, an increase of 26%. Without the results of Alias products, MSG grew revenue 15% and we shipped more than 74,000 total manufacturing seats in the quarter. Revenue for building solutions increased 32% to $57 million. Infrastructure solutions revenue reached $55 million, an increase of 30% and M&E revenue was $59 million, an increase of 30%. Without the results of Alias products M&E was approximately flat compared to last year. As Carl mentioned our spending was approximately $5 million less from the quarter than the amount included in the high end of our previous earnings guidance. This was due to the timing of expense related to growth investment initiative. However, we plan to make those investments in Q3. Compared to last year foreign currency impact was unfavorable on revenue and immaterial on expenses. Total deferred revenue increased $100 million from Q2 of last $331 million, including $48 million classified as long term. Deferred description revenues were $264 million, an increase of $12 million sequentially an $84 million over Q2 of last year. Total backlog including deferred revenue increased $353 million. This includes product backlog of $21 million, which increased $12 million from last quarter. Channel inventory was at the lower end of our normal range of three to four weeks. Day sales outstanding increased 6 days from last quarter to 52 days. Cash and investments increased $82 million sequentially to $468 million. Capital expenditures were $7 million and a quarter. We received $15 million from employee stock plans and used $89 million to buyback 2.5 million shares of stock. There were $230 million total shares outstanding and $243 million fully diluted shares. We got a very strong Q2. Now I would like to turn to guidance. As usual our guidance takes into account today’s foreign exchange rate including some level of buffer against future strengthening of the dollar. As noted in our press release, I am not going to provide EPS guidance. However, I will tell you that our plan levels of spending for the year have not changed. For Q3 we expect revenues in the range of $450 million to $460 million. We expect that our spending in Q3 will increase by approximately $10 million relative to spending in Q2 in part as a result of additional $5 million spent for growth initiative that we didn’t make in Q2. For fiscal 2007, we are now expecting revenue in the range of $1.82 billion to $1.85 billion and our projection spending for the full year have not changed. You should note Congress has not yet reviewed the Federal Research and Development tax credits, but we do not believe our tax rate will change from our previous 24% guidance -- absent any potential impact on the ongoing stock option review. Now let me turn back over to Carl.
Carl Bass: Thanks Al. Before we take your questions, I would like to summarize a few key thoughts. There continues to be mixed signals about the overall economy, given the price of oil, foreign exchange movements, and interest rate increases. I can tell you we see no signs of a slowdown in our business. As a company we are in a great competitive position with our strategy, our products and our sales, and marketing execution, we continue to investment in our very encouraging growth opportunities, which will drive us towards the 15% growth target. We see great growth prospects in several areas. We believe 3D adoption will expand in very market driven by our strong solutions. Geographic expansion into emerging economies will remain robust as well our media and entertainment division will see growth from the increase demand for animation and feature films and next generation game platforms. We have a wealth of opportunities and our employees and channel partners continues to execute extremely well our management team is excited about the opportunities and has committed to drive a continued strong results over the upcoming years. Our business prospects have never been better. Operator, we are ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Operator Instructions. Your first question come from the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer of Merrill Lynch, please proceed.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Thanks good afternoon, for Carl or Al. Let’s start with the options issue. Can you say for which period the committee is reviewing the options practices? Do you have any sense yet of how many options are an issue and can you answer whether anyone from operating management is on the compensation committee?
Carl Bass: No, it’s a no, no and yes Jay. Most of the things regarding the ongoing investigation, we can’t say anything about. So, most of the question -- we have no answers at this point you know as we pointed -- earlier as we pointed out. As we pointed out you know at this point we think the brutal thing to do is not to really disclose anything more than we have already said. We think that’s really the best thing and you know we’ll wait for the conclusion of the investigation. The yes in there was, the question I could answer was about the comp committee and there are no members of management on the comp committee.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Already, one other short benefits issue. Do you expect to be able to file the Q on time or will you be a late filer?
Carl Bass: We are going to -- you know, we’re just trying to move through the process so you know to review as quickly as possible. I mean I think, you know, we want to balance the speed at which we do with, making sure that was -- they were all about it.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: All right, well turning to the operations, can you be a little bit more specific about the growth initiatives you have allude to in terms of the spending and with respect to subscription particularly the sequential changes you’re seeing in the third. How would you rank the relative importance of improving attach rates versus renewal versus mixed, may not do any particular product or vertical specific trend or you’re seeing meaningful movements in any of that in attach rates or renewals?
Carl Bass: Absolute, so let me start with the first one. You know most of our growth initiatives, you know, continued to be related to the same things we’ve talked about you know only last year so there is not a lot of new -- but it continues to be about either two things; one is continuing to round out our portfolio you know, and bolster our portfolio particularly in the area of 3D solutions, and the second continues to be the expansion you know, of our channel in terms of both capacity and capability. So you know, respect of things we are going to be investing in before it’s really the same two things. I think in terms of the priority you asked for, the number one driver is renewals, number two is attach rates. You know, at this point we have about a million seats on subscription.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Okay and then the last part of that question was whether there were any meaningful differences or trends in terms of product mix vis-à-vis subscription success?
Carl Bass: No I don’t think the trends are that different, I think you know, more or less the same.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: All right, and then lastly Inventor shipped 9,700 units in the quarter which appears to have been down year-over-year from Q2 of a year-ago, how are you gaining share if apparently the reported number was lower and your peers are growing their units?
Carl Bass: I think what I would say first of all there is five or six companies out there you know, and so I would look at kind of the gross numbers in many dimensions. So first of all in revenue, we talked about the 70,000 something seats in manufacturing if you still look specifically at Inventor you need to look at all the competitors and products out there. And so I would look at the rising revenue as well as the increased numbers. Remember, gaining market share is just growing faster than the other guys.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Thanks, Carl.
Carl Bass: You are welcome, Jay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Davis of Needham & Company, please proceed.
John - Needham & Company: Okay, thanks very much, this is actually John for Richard. Carl, I was wondering if you can comment on the traction you saw in the quarter for some of your collaboration products?
Carl Bass: Yeah, I mean the collaboration products you know, continue to do well I think both robust, our business continues to grow you know, our acquired Constructware business has been merged in and there is integration going on between these two. It continues to do well as well as our data management and collaboration products with the other industries, so I mean we continue to have a very robust business here. We didn’t intend to talk about at this time. I suspect once again you know, kind of with the annual round up we’ll give you a lot more detail you know, but -- and you know, it’s interesting to watch as people are warding the size of their installed base around some of the software service models you know, and I think we would quietly have subscription bases that are quite large, we’ve talked about over a 100,000 subscribers and some of the products. So we have quite large install bases around that, you know. From a revenue perspective it’s not as important as some of the other group drivers.
John - Needham & Company: Got you. Thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gene Munster of Piper Jaffray, please proceed.
Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray: Hi good afternoon and congratulations particularly about the new seat growth. Could you just I guess one question in terms of the EPS with the $10 million sequential increase in spending mean -- would that mean that EPS numbers will probably be slightly below the midpoint of the range for the October quarter, Al?
Alfred Castino: We don’t have a forecast EPS numbers for October quarter, based on what I look at, Gene, is that again $10 million sequentially increases taking $5 million from Q2 and largely in Q3 in terms of expenses for the full year our expense is going to be about the same as what we originally forecast, I think it gives you enough information to build your model.
Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray: Okay, and then I guess on the LT cross-grade orbit obviously that’s a big pull -- LT cross grade promo that you guys are running, can you talk a little bit about why you started and that and second is maybe about a potential opportunity within that promotion?
Carl Bass: Yeah, I mean we started this opportunity to give people who use AutoCAD LT an opportunity to move to verticals and I think the logic behind it is not very different, while some of the LT population is more casual users, there are also many professionals amongst them who have the same need for our vertical or 3D products as AutoCAD adequate users and what we wanted when appropriate for them be able to give them an opportunity to move, you know a horizontal 2D product, you know to a more purpose built 3D product. It’s a good opportunity and the program really just got started, but you know we are optimistic about it.
Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray: Okay, I guess maybe the size of the LT pool, just any sort of rough numbers how many eligible LT licenses are out there? Activation?
Carl Bass: I think, you know I think approximately there is about 3 million LT licenses out there.
Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray: And how does they compare to how many full AutoCAD licenses?
Carl Bass: Probably you know 4 million approximately for AutoCAD -- something about that ratio.
Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray: Okay, so something like --
Carl Bass: Just less than half.
Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray: Okay, excellent. You know I guess kind of final question is that --
Alfred Castino: 35%, you know.
Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray: -- the installed base of LT is 25% smaller than the base of AutoCAD?
Carl Bass: Could you repeat that question Gene?
Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray: The installed base of LT is smaller or large than the installed base of AutoCAD?
Sue Pirri: It’s about 25% smaller than the installed base of AutoCAD based products.
Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray: Okay beautiful. And then you guess lastly is that this July quarter is kind of -- the street perceives this as the rubber hit the road quarter after the – I guess the first quarter you guys have navigated the smaller -- and I guess the new seat growth speaks for itself, but maybe Carl, you could talk a little bit about was this -- is this the rubber hit the road quarter and do you fell like that the strength in the business came from areas that you have not seen over the past year, year and half or has been kind of consistent from where the business has come from or any sort thoughts on the street’s perception that the July was the rubber hit the road quarter?
Carl Bass: I think, we would, I mean -- Gene, as you know we were always convinced that I mean as a matter of fact, we tried probably starting two to three years ago to lay out what we believed that the trends would be in this business and I remember back in New York several years ago just talking about it and continuing to try to show people the lens through which we look at the business, which is new seats on one hand and that combined upgrade and subscription business on the other. We also continue to say, it remains true that much less of the business is driven by the retirements than people presumed and I think that continued to be true, is that -- much less by the retirement and much less by the promotions than people seem to try to read in to it, and we try to say -- I mean, I personally have said it many times, but we feel very confident, you know we continue to talk about that two thirds of revenue that comes from new seats and emerging businesses. To answer kind of the second part of your question, I think the dynamics quarter to quarter change, I think for some of these trends they are a little to volatile to look at on a quarterly basis, but if you look over the course of several quarters or over the course of the year, most of these trends have been very fairly consistent and you have the ability to extrapolate and so I don’t think we saw anything particularly different, there are little instances, but the three 3D business has remained really strong. The new seats were was strong, emerging economies were strong and I think those are trends that we pointed out for the last couple of years.
Alfred Castino: Yeah, I really think all the trends are fairly consistent the last two years now, three years, and we have been saying for about 18 months that the subscription growth this year would overwhelm the reduction in upgrade revenue and if you do some math on what numbers are given to you and we will see that’s the case, growth and subscriptions were considerably larger than the down side in upgrade versus with last year. We have been predicting that for a long time, that’s what happened.
Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray: Okay, and final question is the backlog was a surprise going from 9 to 21, the delta in that, can you give us any color in terms of was it, really to the media side to that pattern and proportionally larger part to the backlog than the core business or any thoughts on it?
Carl Bass: You never really do an analysis of the backlog for you. It’s across the board and there is no number we try to manage, or anything like that and it’s really kind of a fall out number and it’s across all of our business.
Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray: Great thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Brent Thill of Citigroup, please proceed.
Brent Thill - Citigroup: Thanks good afternoon, a number of the other software companies we follow related to the options issue, have actually reported their numbers and have indicated that they are doing a review you’ve chosen on not to report the numbers, so, I think a number of your investors may feel that this the signal that there is a likelihood of something else going on and can you just comment in terms of this discrepancy relative to similar to those industry that have chosen and you’re choice to do that what you did?
Alfred Castino: You know, most of what I can say, we’ve already said, I think what we do it is because of our reporting cycle we are a little bit later, so we were able to watch a lot of other companies and get them tested by some who has gone out there. I mean the only thing idea is I think, several companies who said certain things regretted and I would rather than play my category.
Carl Bass: Yeah, I describe it as rapidly evolving area and we think we were doing a best practice and I am going to read anything into it.
Brent Thill - Citigroup: Okay, in the context of any investigation is that included the increment of $10 million or is that all incremental for next quarter?
Alfred Castino: Yeah, we never know for sure what investigations cost, it’s not an investigation its follow on charge review, but we factored in some cost that we think --.
Brent Thill - Citigroup: Okay, and just I know like Carl you mentioned the microenvironment there hasn’t been any signs of a slow down. That has been secured from your shareholders over residential and commercial slowdown, a small percent of the revenue and it did show up but no change to the five year 15% revenue category that you gave the analyst to just 15 months back?
Carl Bass: No, I mean this is the high point; there is no change in the overall guidance. We feel is optimistic about the long term prospects as before, with every quarter you know that we pass and we continue to do it, its just that much easier and particularly when you post 20% kind of growth numbers in the beginning of that cycle, it makes it even easier to seem very sage about it, you know the future. So, no, we were quite happy and you know the other thing I would just add is I mean, I do believe that there are people who are trying to correlate some of the things out there, some of the macroeconomic factors, a little too finally tuned to our business. One of the things is people measure these in very fine amounts over the course of a month, our business doesn’t move in that way and the sensitivity in the movement in these things just don’t seem to follow and I think even more, so I think some of the things as I pointed out before, I think like the residential indices has almost no merit and no bearing or our business at all. Any other measure, the production in Wisconsin you know and try to measure that and you know combine it with our business as well as you know residential housing starts.
Brent Thill - Citigroup: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question come from the line of Heather Bellini of UBS, please proceed.
John Stuart - UBS: Hi, this is John Stuart here for Heather, following up on the -- Gene brought up promotion. Can you talk a little bit about the legacy promotion and success you’d have with that and what you are expecting going forward with that?
Carl Bass: Yes, I had a couple of things about promotion I guess and I think promotions are a continuing part of our business they are an ongoing part of the business. One thing to remember about promotions as we talk about them is a lot of people seem again to read a lot -- into many of these promotions or plan well in advance. So it’s just something for important -- it’s important for people to look at that way. I think people the see the period of -- there are certain time in the year or time in the quarter and they draw all kinds of assumptions from it. In order to orchestrate the promotions throughout the channel those are the things you turn on overnight. And if you do, you certainly wouldn’t get the attention of your channel partners. I think the delay -- you see promotions as you -- in the first time -- running, which are already in the running of the promotion. We think it’s a good opportunity, but don’t have much more to report on that at this point.
John Stuart - UBS: Okay and then also on the 3D penetration. It’ been the 10% level for a couple of quarters here, is it something should we expect in acceleration or is it just a matter of you know you had really good update with AutoCAD, is that the reason of staying at 10%?
Carl Bass: I think as long as that denominator keeps getting bigger, it’s got to hard you know when you have quarters with, you know, 20% plus new seeds in AutoCAD you know as we open up the opportunity to migrate from LT, it just makes it harder and harder it doesn’t mean that we are not selling they -- it just makes harder and harder for the arithmetic to workout.
John Stuart - UBS: Okay and then in Japan also you had a nice cost currency, had a nice growth there. Is that -- are you seeing 3D update in Japan or is that still are they sort of the region that doesn’t go into this ready at this point?
Carl Bass: I think it’s comparative you know to the other kind of equivalent countries, there is less adoption of 3D in Japan than in other places.
John Stuart - UBS: Okay, all right great.
Carl Bass: Just generally speaking.
John Stuart - UBS: Thank you.
Carl Bass: Welcome.
Operator: Your next question come from the line of Sasa Zorovic of Oppenheimer & Co., please proceed.
Sue Pirri:
Sasa Zorovic of Oppenheimer & Co.: Yes, can you hear me?
Carl Bass: Now.
Sasa Zorovic of Oppenheimer & Co.: Yeah, so when did you find out first about this option issue when -- I guess because this is the first time that we are finding out about it is, today?
Carl Bass: You know, we -- I mean we started, we you know decided -- I think probably along with others as we read about things in the press. We decided to make sure that there were options to bring them correctly and so it’s several months ago now we self-initiated the review of our option practices has begin, it’s been going on for several months.
Sasa Zorovic of Oppenheimer & Co.: So basically the reason that you are telling us about it today, does it make it that it’s -- maybe discovered some issue or that you just simply hasn’t crossed the threshold up until?
Carl Bass: Yeah it cross the threshold of the quarter before, it was within this quarter. So this is the first time we are reporting in the time at which we were looking at them.
Sasa Zorovic of Oppenheimer & Co.: Did you think about providing EPS assuming options away or assuming at a certain number or is there something else in addition to the options that it’s preventing you from reporting as EPS or rather maybe it should have, if you knew that the number for option were X in the quarter, would you be able to report the EPS number then, today?
Carl Bass: Sasa, like we said, we obviously thought about it quite a lot, but I think you know our best advice and our best decision was not to give any more details than what we’ve actually reported.
Sasa Zorovic of Oppenheimer & Co.: Could you also provide us with the sequential impact of currency in the quarter?
Carl Bass: So, by the way, I mean, you can do the math on that Sasa, you can do all the math -- we just improvise it.
Sasa Zorovic of Oppenheimer & Co.: Thank you, my last question would be, if you could provide us with the currency impact in the quarter, sequentially?
Alfred Castino: Sequentially. The delta for revenue sequentially is $8 million favorable.
Sasa Zorovic of Oppenheimer & Co.: $8 favorable sequentially for revenue, thank you very much.
Alfred Castino: And versus the prior year, just $2 million un-favorable.
Sasa Zorovic of Oppenheimer & Co.: Thank you very much. Your next question comes from the Brenden Barnicle of Pacific Crest Securities, please proceed
Brenden Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Thanks. Carl, I wanted to just go back to 3D. Obviously, good growth there but that growth has been decelerating -- 41% this quarter, we were 50% last quarter, we were 70% - 80% last couple of quarters at the end of last year. Is that just numbers or what’s it going to take to turn that back around and where do you see it sort of or when you see it sort of kicking in --?
Carl Bass: I think there is number of factors going in there. One of the first ones is definitely is the numbers get larger, you know having -- growth. I don’t expect revenue gross numbers -- 19%. Those are the kind of numbers that get harder and harder to accomplish obviously. I think the other is -- one of the things is we talk a lot about customers moving to 2D to 3D, but the truth is the customers are just not picking from a bigger tool set, and they are adding 3D to their already exiting 2D solutions. And in many cases you are seeing robust growth in their 2D as well as their 3D. So I think the 3D will be an important part. I think it will continue to grow, but I think, you know on a percentage basis you are going to see a change. I think the other thing that you need to look at is some of the other -- we have these products like AutoCAD was an example, which is really a very specific product. It’s a purpose-built product for the mechanical design industry. We classify this 2D, but it has many of the same properties in terms of its price, some of the pricing, in term of its -- the nature of how specific it is for the design task at hand. That makes it much like -– more like the other products. So when I talked about that increased tool set. Its not only things like people moving to inventor and inventor professional, it’s cuddling them up either with things like electrical or things like data management products like the Products Stream.
Brenden Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: I also was wanting -- hoping you can just clarify, you know I think there is some confusion increasingly about 3D systems, which 3D is ability functionality now that’s in AutoCAD 2007 versus kind of an enhanced modeling stuff, it’s just a 3D product. Can you just run through the distinction on a definition -- 3D visibility versus what really would be -- you guys -- 3D product --?
Carl Bass: Yeah, that’s a really good question. I mean I think we have used over the years 3D is a really convenient shorthand and its get a little bit more confusing with placement of the 3D visualization functionality in AutoCAD. Some people -- let me just clarify one think, I’ve had this question a number of times, there’s been 3D functionality in AutoCAD for more than 10 years. So this isn’t the first we’ve done it. I mean it recently got a big overall and its really now playing confident, but its been there for many-many years. The real distinction is this that you know a little bit more subtle, this idea of bottle based design in which we are really modeling a real world phenomena in which we are modeling a building, we are modeling an automobile, we are modeling the internal workings of an engine. Those were the kind of things that we talked in our so-called 3D products, it’s really is model based design products. Whereas our 2D products with the most product tend to be schematic nature, they are used to represent you know, traditional drafting and drawing things. So the difference between the AutoCAD is really visualization and simple conceptual design using 3D and the other is really that rich model based design that not only drives better designs but also the downstream processes where people can use that information for analysis and visualization and simulation.
Brenden Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Great thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Huang of Thinkequity, please proceed.
Michael Huang - Thinkequity: Thank you. In terms of your reseller channel how much progress have been made over the past six months for being able to better articulate and sell the value proposition of the vertical solution then and how much productivity improvement you believe is still left?
Carl Bass: Well, I think I mean I think, our channel partners continue to give more and more vertical I mean, one, by their own choosing, and two, with our encouragement. It continues to be a focus you know, as you’ve seen we’ve shifted incentives over the last couple of years, we continue to shift incentives. We believe the most effective resellers are the ones who are more vertically focused and so we’ll continue to do that you know, as we’ve talked about a lot of time I think we talked about the number of channel partners and if we look at over, let’s say the last three, four years, we’ve -- four years we nearly double the revenue and you know, the channel partners have not nearly gone up by that number. You know, I think the more interesting numbers is the number of individual sales people and application engineers and truthfully that’s a harder number to get at.
Michael Huang - Thinkequity: Right and another question --
Carl Bass: I have a suggestion maybe on your channel checks you can do a survey the number of the feet on the street in each of the channel partners and let us know.
Michael Huang - Thinkequity: Okay, so when you -- if look at the demand drivers across the 3D solutions, in your opinion which vertical is actually benefiting from the most favorable demand environment and how you expect that trend over the next couple of years?
Carl Bass: I think you know, the demand in -- I mean demand environments are actually very different. Clearly the building is having the greatest demand, which is why you know, you refer my previous comments about thing like housing starts and staff. You know, the building industry has clearly done that. I think you know -- but I think you have to look in to demand environment coupled with a competitive environment, and so the building industry remains really strong. And in a competitive stands, you know revenue is really head and shoulders above the competition in providing that kind of productivity and then changing the way people design buildings. So I think the combination of the competitive environmental you know, just creates more demand for our products specifically. I think you know the growth of infrastructure on a worldwide basis is slightly different as you -- it’s distributed differently between emerging countries and the more developed countries obviously we have lots of infrastructure fixed and emerging countries there is a lot of infrastructure to build. But you know one of the things that limiting the growth in the infrastructure market is really the graying of the workforce in many of the industrialized countries. If you look at manufacturing, you know demand remains robust but obviously that’s also the most competitive market in which you know we can be.
Michael Huang - Thinkequity: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Ross Macmillan of Jaffray, please proceed.
Ross Macmillan - Jefferies & Co.: Yes thank you. Al, I just had a question on the subscription of maintenance revenue line, cool it’s growing very nicely but it tends to grow in big fits and starts, so for example, this quarter was actually up $17 million sequentially and you seen nice deferred bills but throughout few quarters it’s only been up $6 or $7 million sequentially. Shouldn’t this really be much more kind of forecast above at consistent, its given that its draw down of deferred from earlier short term deferred of the balance sheet, needs to -- understand why that is not kind of more consistent, thanks?
Carl Bass: If you’re recalling Q1, we had really big booking quarter for (inaudible) and what happens is when that happens in the following quarter the revenue comes out, typically the Q4 is a quarter when there are a lot of renewals and lot of bookings but the Q1 was a great booking -- Q2 also was good. If you know that the deferred revenue went up $12 million buy all that stuff that came out of our account but I can say that new renewals and bookings are -- because contracts are typically annual, they come up in certain point of time, so they are not going to be a nice linear number for you like that, unless you look out at it on like an annual basis.
Ross Macmillan - Jefferies & Co.: And as a matter of fact as Al pointed out, I mean its hard because what you see is kind of the shadows of former releases and former upgrades and former retirements which overtime get more muted as they go out into the future but there is bumps so to speak, still show up in certain ways. I am not sure that’s clear but -- it will be never be easier for us to forecast the bookings around that.
Carl Bass: Yeah, but don’t interpret that as a forecast of revenue. Yeah because we started the quarter with 95% of that stuff sitting in the balance sheet, so we are now sometime forecasting the revenue -- number that we forecast there.
Ross Macmillan - Jefferies & Co.: That’s what I am pointing to this, the revenue jump very materially sequentially this quarter having been more modest through out two quarters when the deferred bill was -- certainly very high with the last two quarters, I am just trying to understand why you suddenly get more revenue from the differed balance now, relative to say last quarter when we had a very big uptake.
Carl Bass: We had a large booking quarter in Q1 and that happens during the quarter and then look at it this way, when we get a booking, when we get a booking we take revenue orders subsequent 12 months and you’re not going to see the full impact over the next quarter that gets booked, you see it in the following quarter, that is why.
Sue Pirri: Well, last quarter the deferred bill has increased $39 million, it was the largest increase in the deferred we had ever seen, and so you would expect revenue to go up next time.
Ross Macmillan - Jefferies & Co.: Right, but its spread over four -- we should take it and spread over four quarters, it would only be proportional increase.
Carl Bass: Yes, right and the Q2, the Q1 when we are get stuck -- a good portion at $39 million coming out in -- but it continues to use up resources.
Ross Macmillan - Jefferies & Co.: Okay, that’s helpful, one follow on. Just in terms of the spending you actually held back some spend, can you just outline why this spending was held back without a decision taken early in the quarter and if so?
Carl Bass: Oh, no we wouldn’t hold it back, yet you know, we make investments -- people need equity on that, people they hire -- they have a promotion -- they have a program they need to roll out and they can’t always get it done according to the quarterly timeframe and we want to think it done right, we don’t want to done according -- have to spend your money, though we can’t always ensure that that’s something playing out in one quarter -- half of a quarter, they can spill over to the next quarter and often that’s the right thing to do because we have only one done right, we don’t want people just trying to make arbitrary deadline.
Ross Macmillan - Jefferies & Co.: Okay, great thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Tim Fox of Deutsche Bank, please proceed.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank Securities: Hi, thank you good afternoon, just a couple of quick question. Carl you mentioned couple of commends on the Legacy program. I was wondering, given that this is the first time you have offered it outside the US, is there any early even anecdotal feedback on the program outside the US?
Carl Bass: Not much, we’ll give you more in the subsequent quarters, but now it’s a little bit early to say much more about it.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, that’s fair. On revenue -- a very big quarter. I was wondering if this anything more you can point to around the strength there regarding maybe geography or maybe taking share and that’s a quite performance in the quarter.
Carl Bass: One of the interesting things about revenue, there’s two nice things going on other than the one I mentioned which is, you know we’ve kind of a game changing product in its industry, but besides that what’s going on is the product is maturing, as you know we’re always very excited about version one, but it takes a while for our product to reach a really production ready stage and then hit that next really stage of life where it starts really fulfilling its capabilities. So, Revit is in the really good part of products jumping up in that they can be agile with the product, but they are also getting a complete set of capabilities. Also, you know we talk about it, but it also a platform in which we have you know Revit structure for structural engineering that’s associated with a building and Revit systems, which is really about the heating the installation air-condition that goes in a building and while many of us -- to the lay person, you go around and you look at architecture as just being the part of the building you can see. Not only is there often more complexity but there is weigh more expense tied up in those parts of the building. So, we are now being able to extend that power of Revit to the structural engineers and the mechanical engineers who work on a building, and I think that’s making difference. I think also because just of the way the value chain is set up in that industry. The real power of Revit is where all of those various participants can build one building model that -- you know incorporates all those different building elements, and so we’re started to hit that mark.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank Securities: Interesting, and follow on to that I guess would be the growth initiative that you have talked about in other 3D areas, I am wondering if you could just talk a little about whether that’s another vertical or is this furthering some of the existing technology?
Carl Bass: I think the majority of what we’re talking about in terms of the shifting of the spends is really about continuing of 3D products that we’re talking about all the time.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, and lastly I know you have said, Carl, that you’ve seen really no slow down at all in demand, obviously it showed up this quarter. I was wondering if just putting on your crystal ball there, if we were to see an economic slow down more globally, where would you think this might impact your business first, would it be in some of the higher ASP products, some of the 3D products, or do you think it starts to go after new seat growth. I mean, is there any way to think about how that may affect the business despite the fact you’re not seeing any slow down right now?
Carl Bass: I mean the one thing I would say, in a couple of years hypothesis I think would not be true. I have to think more about where it would happen. I mean, the obviously -- I don’t think for the most part it would be the high ASP products, as a matter of fact the high ASP products tend to corresponded to the ones that provide greater productivity and so even a slow down that often a time which a firm would change, so I don’t think you would see it there. I think it would probably just follow the economy, I mean, we’ve never claimed to be immune from the economy -- you know, but we do talk about the diversification of our businesses and the diversification across the industries and then the diversification across the geographies you know that always had some amount of a buffer you can say. The other thing that’s interesting is you know much of our business goes into small and medium businesses that you know often powers through these downturns. And so you know there is -- and so I think we also get that distribution across the small medium enterprises as well as the large companies this is just another element of the diversification. So I think you really do you have to see a more you know something approaching your recession in the part of the world for us to you know really see a lot of movement.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay that’s helpful, thank you.
Operator: Your next question come from the line of Barbara Coffey of Kaufman Bros., please proceed.
Barbara Coffey of Kaufman Bros.: Yes good afternoon, a quick question. When you look at the -- it’s now been many quarters of almost 60-plus percent new seat growth. How much of this can you attribute to some of the piracy controls that you have put in place overtime versus just more people using your software naturally.
Carl Bass: Yeah, I need to start by -- you know, the new seat growth this quarter is 24% that’s pretty represent the range which had been there for a while, so --
Barbara Coffey of Kaufman Bros.: Okay.
Carl Bass: But I -- you know in truth -- of your question I think we can continue to try to fight piracy on a worldwide basis. There are many things we do to -- you know, to do that we get more -- you know we do get more successful at it, it’s -- you know, it’s an ongoing thing that we do. And one of the things that I have said about piracy is, we’ve done some things that I do think prevent what we often think of as casual piracy and we do a good you know we do a better job in controlling casual piracy. The real math piracy that goes out there, I’m a little bit skeptical of some of the you know technological solutions that -- so we continue to work with governments you know particularly in emerging economies about increasing their respect for intellectual property. And some of our most successful efforts had been in places, had been in countries, and we say who want to development their own software industry. So you know we continue to do it. I mean I think the other interesting thing about this is you know the pirated users are still real software users. They are still you know whether they are choosing our software or someone else is their act you know our software is next to a competitor for the same $2 a seat and they are still choosing ours. And what we have found is that over a period of time as the economy matures when people find that they need to legalize, that they need to comply with licenses, it makes you know the more sense than the software that they license is the one that they are already using. So I you know I think we continue to pick up business from people you know more complying with licenses some of these through our own efforts, some just you know more global economy with greater respect for intellectual property.
Barbara Coffey of Kaufman Bros.: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question come from the line of Vic Cherimonny of Lehman Brothers, please proceed.
Vic Cherimonny - Lehman Brothers: Good afternoon, question for Al. Al, when we do the math here for the expenses it looks like you know if you minus out the (inaudible) guidance, you guys sort of actually had, I think about $0.02 better on earnings. But then you kind of back into Q3 and then back the expenses incremental $10 million, it’s roughly about $0.02 or $0.03 lower, if I look at the consensus numbers and my numbers here. Is it fair to say on EPS, I know you are not going to be specific?
Alfred Castino: The -- what we are trying to get across because I mentioned is for the full year of spending would be about the same and you look at the revenues at there and -- but that’s exactly how to look at it, your model is reasonable but I can’t give you the guidance.
Vic Cherimonny - Lehman Brothers: Okay, and just a follow up, licensed revenue was about $10 million shy versus our estimate here but subscription was obviously better and backlog coincidentally was also about also better, just trying to get a sense going forward given the shift in the business, what should be you be estimating for licensed revenue growth going forward in Q3 as well as the full year, since its clear that Q1, here the very strong big bookings quarter. Is there also, did you have some large deals that came through towards the end of the quarter that may have impacted subscription just trying to get a better sense in the shipment models here.
Alfred Castino: Well, you know we’re not -- never happens, we are still not. We tend to have a lot of small bills -- packages that deliver a lot of productivity but not a lot of money. If you can also look around that license line though, keeping mind that the commercial -- of 24%, as we mention though the upgrade goes to that line, they don’t go to the maintenance line and the upgrades are actually down but the commercial seats are very strong and it is consistent with the trend we’ve seen for the last couple of years, of course the upgrades are what we predicted offset by very strong subscription growth. In terms of what’s coming, I think what you have seen for last year is kind of like a blue print and the trends have been consistent for a long time.
Vic Cherimonny - Lehman Brothers: Okay, and then just two follow ups real quick, on AutoCAD, LT the discount that’s offered is about 62%, I believe, can you give us a stance, it is the first time that we’ve seen such an aggressive discount. Why you think that the case and what impact if at all it could have on margins and then lastly Japan better than expected, why the turn around all of a sudden in Q2?
Carl Bass: So, I think, talking you about overall discount but that’s not a number you’d be familiar with but I think if you are looking at the LT cross grade, as we pointed out in the past getting people to more purposeful, industry solutions makes more sense. When you look at the lifetime value of the customer on a purpose built tool, it just makes the economic sense though, if we can incent people to do that consideration and make that move -- will be great.
Vic Cherimonny - Lehman Brothers: And lastly on Japan?
Sue Pirri: In Japan? I think your question was about Japan?
Vic Cherimonny - Lehman Brothers: Yeah, Japan was better than expected, I know you guys had a little bit of trouble in the last quarter and the quarter before, so we --what was -- you just talked about some of the trends that took place and how you expect that to going forward?
Carl Bass: I mean we talk about Japan last time. I think there is some improvement in Japan, I think we have more work to do, we continued to work you know. They are continuing to work on Japan and so, I think we are pleased where we ended up this quarter but I think we still feel that there is more to be done there.
Vic Cherimonny - Lehman Brothers: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of (inaudible) Asset Management, please proceed. Unidentified Participant Yeah, one of the items in your -- is platform technology, revenue growth and that’s slowing down to 11.5%, would you mind to talk about at what's going on there in that area?
Carl Bass: Okay, you have same questions what -- percent?
Sue Pirri: Platform.
Carl Bass: Oh, platforms. I think we are just seeing in the platform is the slowing of the upgrades. The upgrades yes, now that we mentioned the commercial -- you speak numbers for that 2D is which is like 23%, so it’s looking pretty good, but as we mentioned before, yeah the upgrade is we’ve been expecting for a long time on our balance.
Unidentified Participant: Okay, so in that case the 3D -- if there is a movement to the 3D then that numbers should have been little bit better than what it has reported because if the movement is going to continue to 3D then the cross-grades are not happening at the momentum at what you are expecting then, is that the way to look at it?
Carl Bass: I’m not sure I understand the question, could you repeat it?
Unidentified Participant: I was wondering about 3D revenue growth, you mentioned that was 37% but the platform technology growth was slower or lower because of not significant activity in upgrade. Now, despite the 37% growth in the 3D revenues you mean to say the cross-grade which should have taken place optimistically or momentum is little bit slowing down, is that the way to look it
Alfred Castino: Oh no, we don’t actually don’t separate your upgrade numbers for details like that but you know, what we have an upgrade, we have one-step upgrade, two-step upgrade, three-step upgrade, and cross-grade. What's driving the decrease in upgrade is not cross-grade it is the upgrade numbers -- these people coming back is upgrade and experts that should -- coming from.
Carl Bass: I mean the other thing I would say is that I mean I think the important thing is to continue to look at the combinations of the subscription and the upgrade in that case.
Unidentified Participant: Okay. On general macro economy you said the picture is still mixed and you don’t see any slowdown of your business in the -- do not see a slowdown for the business, but at some point of time you would be still effected because if we look at the housing market which has slowed down dramatically you mentioned that the building industry still looks good but there is a lack of growth due to person. Now how should we view that -- I think there is enough personal out there but the lack of growth due to personal seems something, which is really odd. So could you just -- just expound on that, what you are seeing in that industry -- in the building industry and also in the manufacturing industry.
Carl Bass: Sure, I mean the one thing I would say is you know, maybe -- explaining why we always are kind of -- that residential housing I mean much of the housing that’s built in places like the United States doesn’t require a lot of design software. So if you build a track with two or three different designs and you build 3,000 homes you don’t actually use much design software. Where you know, if their indication of where our design software is used in the building industry tends to be in places like commercial. So office buildings, suburban office building, shopping malls, there is a lot used in renovations or conversions you know, for retails or something else. So that’s where you see it. It’s also with industrial applications, factory buildings, etc. so that’s where it really is and that’s why you know, we are pretty dismissive when people bring out housing starts as an indication of anything because it really doesn’t tie to our customers. I think -- to a more general question, our business is not immune from changes in the economy. We do however feel somewhat insulated just due to that diversely of -- you know, they talked about the diversity of the industries we serve, the diversity of geographies, we’ve talked about small and medium businesses I mean in some ways the lack of large deals and so we are not large deal sensitive, these are thousands of these actions that are done over the quarter. So small purchasing decisions, you know, in many ways you know while we can focus on that side we also have to jump to the other side and remember as long as we continue to build compelling applications that create more value for the customers they are going to find the money to do it. Many times the cost of our software is not really prove they’re determined of them adopting it. So the cost software is only a small fraction of the total cost of ownership. So I think many people you know are moving forward and that’s true within a band in terms of the growth of the economy. I really think you know and there had been several questions about this today. I think there are places where we hit the car drills that the extremes you know in extreme boom times and you know and in extreme bust times we are obviously you know going to be affected by that.
Unidentified Participant: Okay great thanks Carl.
Carl Bass: You’re welcome.
Sue Pirri: Operator, I think we have time for one more?
Operator: Your final question come from the line of Daniel Cummings of Bank of America Securities, please proceed.
Daniel Cummings - Bank of America Securities: Oh thank you, couple of questions. I wanted to clarify the effects of impact quarter-over-quarter you said $8 million is favorable. We were calculating like $10 million and I can’t remember now if we’ve calculated from the beginning of the period or from when gave the guidance. But what is the implication of that? Would you have been at the low end of your revenue guidance without the assist quarter-over-quarter and if that’s the case you know obviously you know posting a penny or two pennies surprised, in spite of that it’s pretty good you know if you could give us some color, additional color on why they are spending under rent to that degree and then I had another question, I’ll ask you if you could just clarify that first.
Carl Bass: Okay, so when we do our guidance we use the change rate at that point in time impacted on the revenue expense. If you compare the change rate they -- they were three months, they will have -- not much. Our forecast for our guidance was pretty accurate in terms of what the change rate were like in the past quarter and remember last quarter you know we told you that we even were taking our full year range out to someone to cut the foreign exchange rate clearly was variable versus what the risk was anticipated. So there is really no surprise in the foreign exchange rate the expense -- for revenue that was pretty much as expected.
Daniel Cummings - Bank of America Securities: But there was movement in other words you’ve got a benefit quarter-over-quarter.
Carl Bass: Right and the same benefit we expected three months ago and they are --
Daniel Cummings - Bank of America Securities: Okay all right that’s good. The other question I had was I know with Alias it seems the number is still seem to be a little light in terms of what we were expecting. Do you attribute that to the fact that you had the product launch end of July and will those numbers you know get substantially better over the next six months, and then sort of related to that I know they had the automotive prototyping suite. How soon before Autodesk gets a benefit from -- presumptive you know retooling of the North American auto lines in other words get rid of all the SUVs and start you know delivering us some really small efficient smart cars and so forth you guys have to have -- be looking at some benefits from that all old cycle.
Carl Bass: Let me take the revenue question, the yearly revenues are almost exactly at our forecast. We are -- basically that helped us, the integration have gone really well, they got really good sales people, the sales people know what they are suppose to do, the customer’s attitude about price its right on track now there is still the further revenue write down in Q2. It takes a year to get rid all of it but most of it hit in the first half. There was -- in Q2 but Alias is right on track for revenue so we will have to do that.
Alfred Castino: You know I think -- question, I mean I think there are many more question marks certainly about the American car industry. I don’t really want to take out my crystal ball too much about the auto industry. I mean the one thing is we are really enthusiastic about the Alias products that are used in that part of the market. I would say yeah, that’s on a worldwide basis, so I think what we are going to see in some of the emerging economies probably are faster move than may be in some of the major US auto makers. The other interesting thing we are seeing is nowadays it’s a little more blurry, the lines between where these car makers are and many of what you consider to be the foreign car makers have many of their design studios in the US and so I expect to see summer sales of that into foreign automobile makers with the design studios here. But we are really enthusiastic about this product, I mean one of the things when you look at something like most of the automobile market, the way they do their business its often a commodity business and the distinction between them -- the differentiating factor is their design. That design may be in terms of aesthetics, that design may be in terms of engineering performance, but those are both areas where this whole move to 3D better enables you to build better products based on aesthetics or design or fuel economy, aerodynamics, those are all the things we are talking about with the simulation and the analysis and so, we are enthusiastic and we think one of the things we really like in the acquisition of Alias was their products that were suitable for the auto industry.
Daniel Cummings - Bank of America Securities: Okay, thank you.
Sue Pirri - Vice President of Investor Relations: Operator, I think we will wrap it up now, for people who have additional questions please feel free to call me, Sue Pirri at 405-507-6467 and we will look forward to talk to you later.
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect, good day.

===== 2007 Q1  (2006-05-18 23:15:00) =====
Executives: Sue Pirri, Vice President of Investor Relations   Carl Bass, Chief Operating Officer   Alfred J. Castino, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Vice President
Analysts: Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch   Richard Davis - Needham & Company   Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan   Brenden Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities   Thill Bent - Citigroup   Heather Bellini - UBS   Vic Cherimonny - Lehman Brothers   Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray   Daniel Cummings - Bank of America Securities   Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank Securities   Michael Huang - Thinkequity Partners
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentleman, and welcome to the First Quarter 2007 Autodesk, Inc. Earnings Conference Call. My name is Alexes, and I will be your coordinator for today. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the presentation over to your host for today’s call, Ms. Sue Pirri Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, ma’am.
Sue Pirri: Thank you operator, and good afternoon everyone. Thank you for joining us as we report results for our first quarter of fiscal 2007. With me today are Carl Bass and Al Castino. Today’s conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available by webcast on our website www.autodesk.com/investor. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the future performance of the company, including our guidance for the second fiscal quarter and fiscal full year 2007, the market opportunities for our products, our efforts to increase subscription and upgrade revenue on market opportunities in various geographies. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file from time to time with the SEC and specifically our 10-K for fiscal year 2006 and our periodic 8-K filings. These documents contain and identify the important risks and other factors that may cause the actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements. In adherence for regulation for disclosure, Autodesk will provide quarterly information and forward looking guidance in its quarterly financial results press release and its publicly announced financial results conference call. We will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during this quarter unless we do so in a public forum. Autodesk does not assume any obligation to update the forward looking statements provided to reflect events that occur or circumstances that exist after the date on which they were made. During the call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is set forth in our press release issued today, May 18th, and is available on our website at www.autodesk.company\investor. Now I would like to turn the call over to Carl Bass.
Carl Bass: Good afternoon everyone, and thank you for joining us. In a minute I will discuss highlights for the quarter and then Al will provide a detailed review of our financial performance. But first I would like to take a minute to address the change in leadership. Just a few weeks ago, Carol Bartz stepped down from the position of CEO after 14 years. She built Autodesk into the great company it is today and she deservedly gained the respect of Autodesk employees, the investment community and other business leaders. Over the past five years, I had the opportunity to work very closely with her, most recently as COO. Together we refined the company’s strategy and developed the organizational talent required to execute on our ambitious plans. As I look at the opportunities in front of us, I believe new strategies are prepared us well and while there may be some changes at Autodesk as I take the role of CEO, I expect most of those changes will be evolutionary in nature rather than revolutionary. Now let’s talk about our first quarter. Today Autodesk reported another terrific quarter of financial performance; revenue was a record $436 million, a 23% increase over the last year. On a constant currency basis, our growth would have been 28%. Diluted earnings per share were $0.20 on a GAAP basis, non-GAAP diluted EPS of $0.32 excludes approximately $0.07 related to the implementation of stock-based compensation expenses, $0.05 of litigation related expenses, and $0.01 of acquisition related amortization expenses. During the quarter, we achieved record results on many of our most important business matrix including new seats revenue, 3D revenue and subscription revenue. We had record cross-grade revenue for a number of our products, and AutoCAD and LT had record quarters. As you know, this is important because strong growth in our 2D business fuels our future 3D growth opportunities. While delivering these great results, we are also executing on a number of tactical and strategic fronts. During the quarter, we completed the acquisition of Constructware and began the process of integrating Alias into Autodesk. We continue to make progress in the transition of our advanced systems product portfolio from SGI workstations to Linux. In fact, all of our systems products are now available in Linux. We also synchronized retirement of our Design products with the launch of the new products, and yet with all this to focus on through our diversified portfolio of our customers, industries and geographies, we were able to exceed our revenue guidance and deliver record revenue. Our Productstream is the foundation for our strong performance. In March, we delivered another strong annual update to our portfolio of design software solutions. For the first time in 14 years, we raised prices of the new releases to reflect the added value we were delivering to our customers. Our 2000 family includes new versions of more than 25 products including the most advanced 3D modeling, 2D drafting and conceptual design, and collaboration products on the market. Market response to the new products has been terrific. In fact, penetration of the installed base with our 2007 family products is higher than any of our previous versions at the same time in the release cycle. With strong new releases in the market, customer demand for Autodesk products continues to be robust. Compared to last year, revenue from new seats increased 19% and 25% constant currency. Once again, sales for new seats and emerging businesses were approximately two-thirds of our revenue in the quarter. This continues to be an indicator of the underlying strength of our business. Our 3D solutions; Inventor, Revit, and Civil 3D continued to gain market share as customers across all industries recognized the benefits of adopting model based design. We shipped more than 31,000 commercial seats of our 3D products. 3D revenue increased 53% in the quarter. 3D now represents 20% of total revenues. Revenues from our Inventor family of products increased 17% over the last year and we shipped more than 10,000 commercial seats. We experienced some exceptional growth in this quarter in AMEA. Japan’s growth was slower than in the past few quarters and there were some timing issues in the Americas’ performance, which we expect to reverse themselves in Q2. Despite these occurrences, for both the product and the channel perspective, we believe we are very well positioned in the market. Civil 3D had a terrific performance in the quarter, growing revenue of 123% over the last year and shipping nearly 8,500 commercial seats. Our Revit family of products, Revit Building, Revit Structure and Revit Systems had an outstanding performance again. Revenues increased by 145% over the last year, and we shipped over 13,100 commercial seats. During the quarter, we added to our family of building information modeling solutions by launching our new product Revit Systems, which extends building information modeling to mechanical, electrical and plumbing engineers and designers. With the introduction of Revit Systems, we are uniquely positioned to offer a comprehensive integrated information model to the building industry. While model based 3D products are already 20% of revenue, we are still in the early stages of penetrating our large installed base of 2D users and conversion users of competitive legacy systems. We estimate that approximately 10% of the 2D bases have converted to 3D. Compared to Q1 FY‘06, we have increased 3D penetration of our installed base by two percentage points, yet 3D generated approximately $31 million in incremental revenue; clearly the opportunity is significant. Emerging economies continued to be an area of very strong performance for Autodesk. We are uniquely positioned to benefit from the major trends in developing economies. Trends like the unprecedented development of the infrastructure buildings and the rapid expansion of the consumer class are driving the demand for Autodesk solutions in the emerging economies in Asia-Pacific, Latin American, Eastern Europe and the Middle East. Our product innovation and quality coupled with quick implementation and ease of use produce the fast return on investment these customers require. Revenue in our emerging economies increased 40% over the last year and 44% on a constant currency basis, and now represents 12% of total revenues. Combined subscription and upgrade revenues increased 36% over the last year to $162 million. Once again, subscription showed terrific performance in Q1. Our customers recognized the value of our subscription program. Subscription revenue increased 47% in the quarter at $87 million and subscription attached and renewal rates in Q1 were the highest yet. In fact, our success with attaching renewals from $39 million sequential increase in deferred subscription revenue, our largest increase in any quarter. Upgrade in revenue including cross grades increased 25% over the last year’s $75 million. Cross grade revenue was particularly stronger in the quarter, increasing more than 50%. Consistent with our previous quarters, combined revenues from subscription and upgrades Q1 represented approximately one-third of the total revenue. M&E performance did not meet our expectations this quarter. Advanced systems revenue declined by 20% over the last year. The advanced systems business is transitioning away from proprietary high end SGI workstations to Linux based solutions running on standard PCs. Through this transition, our customers are obtaining better price performance and Autodesk is moving toward a business model with lower revenue due to lower cost hardware, but more software like margins. Of course, this transition became more important with SGI’s recent bankruptcy, which introduces more volatility into our systems’ performance. All of our advanced systems products are now available on Linux, and revenue from our Linux based products increased 64% over the last year. While customer reaction to the Linux based offerings has been very positive, the decision to move was made only after extensive demonstration and testing. As customers evaluate these new platforms, we believe the Open Systems approach will appeal to more users and ultimately expand the margin. We are reviewing every operational aspect in the advanced systems business to optimize its long-term performance, but believe their revenues will be impacted by this transition for the next several quarters. Our animation businesses are slower than normal organic growth as we integrated two similarly sized businesses. We closed the Alias acquisition in January and began our integration process in the first quarter. During the quarter, we rationalized the channel and the direct sales force, provided new quotas for the combined sales team, created clear product positioning for both 3DS Max and Maya and integrated the back-office. These activities and others created some disruption to the business in the quarter. Organic growth in the animation business was 5%. Animation revenues increased 78% including Alias. None of these issues are of a lasting nature and we believe animation revenue will be back on track in the second half of the year. Now I would like to turn it over to Al for detailed analysis of our financial performance.
Alfred J. Castino: Thanks Carl. Once again, Autodesk delivered great performance. As Carl said, net revenue from the quarter $436 million, 23% higher than last year and 28% higher on a constant currency basis. This includes revenue from Alias’ $50 million, after the write-down in deferred revenues required by GAAP. GAAP diluted earnings per share were $0.20 cents, non-GAAP diluted EPS was $0.32. As expected, the acquisition of Alias and Constructware increased our cost and expenses by more than $20 million on a non-GAAP basis and decreased non-GAAP EPS by approximately $0.02 in the quarter. Each of our geographies grew substantially in the quarter. The Americas had a great quarter growing 30% over the last year’s $170 million. AMEA grew 23%, $164 million and 33% on a constant currency basis. Asia-Pacific revenues grew 12% to $101 million and 19% constant currency. This was the first quarter that Asia-Pacific revenue had exceeded $100 million. Although there was some weakness in Japan, our revenues were down slightly from the prior year and grew 8% on a constant currency basis. Looking at the divisions, platform technology increased revenue 70%, $207 million. Manufacturing solutions revenue were $75 million, an increase of 27%. Without the results of the Alias products, MSG grew revenue 19% and we shipped more than 52,000 manufacturing seats in the quarter. Revenue for building solutions increased 43% at $53 million. Infrastructure solutions revenue reached $51 million, an increase of 31% and meeting our revenue was 47 million, an increase of 13%. Without the result of the Alias products M&E was down 12% compared to last year. GAAP and non-GAAP gross margins were 89%. GAAP cost of goods sold includes one million of stock based compensation expenses and one and a half million of acquisition related amortization expenses. Our gross margin increased one percentage point from last year to 89%, penetrating from continued strong software license sale and productivity measures in our operations. Our cost of sales for the quarter included shipping and material costs for the upgrades of nearly one million subscription customers. GAAP operating expenses of $327 million include 20 million of stock based compensation expenses and two million of acquisition related amortization expenses. GAAP operating expenses also include 70 million of litigation expense related to an unfavorable jury verdict in a patent-infringement suit. This item was not anticipated in our Q1 guidance and we plan to vigorously appeal the ruling. Non-GAAP operating expenses were $288 million. Operating income was $59 million GAAP, the non-GAAP operating income was $101 million. Our operating margin was 40% GAAP and 23% non-GAAP excluding the items I mentioned before. Without Alias, our non-GAAP margins would have been 25%. Our tax rate was 23% this quarter, GAAP and non-GAAP. Net income of $49 million GAAP and $80 million non-GAAP. There were 247 million shares using calculating non-GAAP diluted earnings per share. Total shares outstanding remained flat at 230 million. The changes in foreign exchange rate cost us five percentage points of growth and $0.05 per share compared to last year. Coming to the balance sheet, cash and investments were $386 million, approximately flat with last quarter. Cash from operating activities increased to 90 million compared to 63 million last year. As expected, the working capital timing issues noted in Q4 reversed in Q1. We received $49 million from employee stock plan, we used $56 million to buy back 1.7 million shares of stock and 56 million for the acquisition of Constructware and $13 million investment in an outsourced R&D vendor in China. Although deferred revenue increased $102 million from Q1 of last year to $327 million including $41 million classified as long term. Deferred subscription revenues were $252 million, an increase of $39 million, our largest sequential increase ever. Total backlogs including deferred revenue increased $336 million. This includes product backlog at $9 millions, down from $17 million last quarter. Travel inventory remained slightly below our normal range of three to four weeks. DSO was 58 days, while our collections and accounts receivables AD remained in historical ranges, the increase in DSOs were driven by two factors. First, record subscription booking is illustrated by significant increase in deferred revenue. While strong subscription bookings are very good for our business, they do put pressure on calculated DSOs since receivable balance of corresponding revenues are recognized over the subsequent 12 months. The second factor is stronger than normal sales in the second month of a quarter. As a result of the simultaneous retirement and new product launch, March represented a larger percentage of sales in the quarter out of the normal pattern. End of quarter linearity was not a factor in the quarter however, as April revenue was 36% of total sales, which is in a normal range. Overall, I’m very pleased with our Q1 financial performance, now let’s look at guidance. We are reiterating our previous guidance for Q2. Possible upside in the quarter from current more payable foreign exchange rate is offset by advanced systems and possible continued slower growth in Japan. As a result, we expect revenue in the range of $440 million to $450 million. We expect GAAP EPS to be in the range of $0.26 to $0.28. Non-GAAP EPS excludes the impact of amortization on intangibles and stock based compensation expenses and is expected to be in the range of $0.34 to $0.36. The acquisition of Alias and Constructware will continue to be slightly dilutive EPS on Q2 of this year. Our guidance includes expected dilution of $0.01 per share on a non-GAAP basis in Q2. For fiscal 2007, we are expecting revenue in the range of $1.81 billion to $1.85 billion. We have included some upside in our forecast for the second half related to current favorable foreign exchange rate. As usual, our guidance takes into account the day’s foreign exchange rate, but does include some level of barter against future shrinking of the dollar. We expect GAAP EPS to be in the range of $1.07 to $1.15, non-GGAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $1.45 to $1.53 excluding the impact of amortization of intangibles, litigation expenses and stock-based compensation expenses. You should note our guidance now anticipates a 24% tax rate for the remainder of the year, as Congress has not yet reviewed the federal Research and Development Tax Credit. Now let me turn back over to Carl.
Carl Bass: Thanks Al. Before we take your questions, I would like to summarize a few key thoughts. Autodesk had another outstanding quarter. Through our portfolio of businesses, we were able to manage a number of moving parts and deliver record revenues. Customer demand for Autodesk solutions is very strong. Revenue for new seats in emerging businesses continues to be approximately two-thirds of total revenues. Our 3D solutions continued to increase market penetration. Revenue from the new commercial seats of 3D increased 51% in the quarter and was the largest driver of new seat growth again this quarter. Despite our success with 3D, penetration of our installed base remains very low, presenting an enormous future opportunity. We continue to execute on our strategic initiative to increase subscriptions. Subscription attached and renewal rates continued to rise and drove a 47% increase in subscription revenue and $39 million increase in deferred subscription revenue in the quarter. Subscriptions provide a predictable consistent revenue stream in place of the continued focus on the sides of the upgrade base and upgrade revenue. And most importantly, the world of our customers is changing profoundly. They have a driving need for productivity and profitability in a very competitive global market. Autodesk is delivering superior solutions with the innovation, ease of use and that are customer’s demand. In fact, we continue to generate strong growth in revenues from new seats and increased our market share. Operator, we are ready for questions.
Operator: Thank you sir. [Operator Instructions]. Your first question comes the line of Jay Vleeschhouwer with Merrill Lynch please proceed, sir.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Thanks, good afternoon. Carl, a few questions for you. First, in your remarks you had mentioned weakness in Japan couple of times, which is from a peculiar outcome given that we see the strength in Japan, macro economically we see that Adobe had a good quarter there, not withstanding what are otherwise seen in US and Europe, so what’s your issue in Japan?
Carl Bass: I think one thing in particular Jay, is if you look at companies who are more comparable to us than Adobe, I think you’d see more similar patterns than you do with Adobe. Specifically you know, relating to us -- you know, Japan has historically been a very 2D market, has not done as much with 3D, as I think some of the initiatives there just having you know, come up to speed as fast as they have in other parts of the world.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: All right. Going back to something you said at the analyst meeting having to do with -- longest from growth forecast over the next number of years, could you address something you could have talked about, in a bit more detail than which is the sales in channels and that gets you to that double ended revenue over the next four or five years? You know, the channel has improved obviously, we’ve had that conversation, but to get to where you want to be by Fiscal 2011-2012 to double the company, what more do you need to do to get as far as sales and coverage are concerned?
Carl Bass: I mean, I think that some of the things we’ve talked about already. I mean, I think one of the important things you know, is the capacity you know, obviously to do twice as much business, we need a larger channel. We did investing in the channel for a number of years that we think it’s showing good results. You know, some of it needs to come in already existing places obviously (audio gap) economies, that’s a newly developing part of our channel. You know, and I tried to point out over time the difference between the number of companies or actual value-added resellers and the number of people selling our solutions. And so I think there has been a stone moved in direct correlation. I think you can see in places where there is some consolidation amongst the resellers, but there’s also a great increase in the number of people on the stream. We have also in various times talked about not only the capacity, but the capability of the channel. And as you know, we continue to push more vertical products, more 3D products -- one that is more specifically geared to particular disciplines, we also need to increase the special updation of the channel. So we have done that you know, helping our channel grow and grow in a profitable way. You know, and I think we have put some programmatic stuff in place that -- and sends the channel for things that are aligned with our strategy, and so we have talked about some of that. And some of the stuff I talked about particularly we started in the Americas what we have now rolled out in other parts of the world and we will continue to make sure you know, that our channel partners are aligned in selling us 3D solutions.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Just two last ones then, over the two fiscal years ending fiscal ‘06 -- January this year, you roughly doubled the number of subscribers to 800,000 or so. Do you think it’s feasible for you to double the subscriber base again over the next couple of fiscal years? And then finally, with respect to verticals by geography, you mentioned that Japan is relatively 2D-rated still but, you have also mentioned that Levit for instance, does well here in China. Can you comment some more on what you are saying in terms of 3D and vertical momentum by GEO?
Alfred J. Castino: Sure, Jay. The first one is that we haven’t really given any prediction about the size of the base you know, in terms of the subscriber base going out a few years, you know, we tend to do that once a year at our annual event in New York. But I mean, I think if you extrapolate from some of the tax rates that we have been giving when you look at the new seat growth, you are going to continue to see growth. As you saw this quarter, a group faster than it has grown before, so rather than flattening out it’s continuing to grow at a healthy pace, and I think you can do some of the math decisions you know, where that would take us to.
Carl Bass, President and CEO: On the vertical updation by GEO, I mean Japan is kind of unique in the world, in their fascination around 2D and you know, the use of 2D in their design processes. If you look at most of the other places in the world there is a strong move to 3D and we don’t see much differentiation in some places as you pointed out, some of the emerging economies are going forward even faster than the industrialization in terms of their adoption of new technologies. Economies are growing you know, they have pressure in terms of being able to hire a workforce. They are working with you know, generally speaking, some of the more aggressive companies that are in the industrializations, and so they are moving incredibly quickly. I think Japan is just kind of in a unique spot and China would see good adoption of Civil 3D, Revit and Inventor. You know, so all the 3D solutions in China I think Japan just stands out as something unique.
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch: Thanks Carl.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Richard Davis - Needham & Company. Please proceed, sir.
Richard Davis - Needham & Company: Thanks. Moving on to a detailed question on the animation side of the business? Why do you see the growth of that rebounding, what are the signs that tell you that the reminder of the year looks good?
Carl Bass: So, I think there are a couple of things. It’s mostly you know, the involvement that we’ve had with our customers including our major customers. We’ve just come through a couple of a large trade shows. We have talked -- we have talked with our major customers about what their plans are, going forward. You know and so, specifically looking at our customer base we have confidence in what they’re going to do. Also when you look at the trends affecting the industry in terms of the development of both movies and games, those continue to be accelerating. So I think the macro trends are good for the industry. You know, and the specific things that we are seeing with our customers indicate you know, to the level of business we expected. You know, when you look at -- while we express disappointment you know, it’s relatively small in the scheme of things you know, given the integration what was going on.
Richard Davis - Needham & Company: Okay and then I realize that it’s a long-term effort. Are there any things that you could talk about, as we are going to reduce piracy and increase you know, paid for software, I know that will take many years, but where do you think we should be looking at.
Carl Bass: I think there are a couple of things you know, that we are doing and you know, it may take different forms. I mean, the most effective thing that we found with fighting piracy you know, when you think about it, it’s an enormous opportunity. I mean, that’s the first thing that people need to get their heads around is that you know, there are -- in some of the countries that pirate the least, the piracy rate is 30% and in places in which there is more extreme piracy, it exceeds 90%. You know, so it’s very unusual to have a business in which that much of your product is actually stolen. So that presents an enormous opportunity. What we’ve seen is that countries go through a -- you know, different processes you know, different development cycle in terms of their respective intellectual property. And so while many of them start out either you know, they almost have you know, kind of like a callous disregard for IT in the beginning. Over time they recognize that they want to advance their own industries including their hi-tech industries in particular, that they need to have IT protection. And so while it is small things like the WGO, and the collection of tax revenues that encourages them to do it, I think the thing that it’s almost -- is when they want to develop you know, those industries within their economy. They certainly see that in places like India and China you know, in their quest you know, China, is not to be just low cost manufacturing, and India to move just from IT outsourcing. Protection of intellectual property has become more and more important. So we continue to you know, work on this. As you pointed out, I don’t think it’s a short-term thing. You know, a substantial amount of revenue comes today from the enforcement of you know, of the IT as well as our anti-piracy efforts. I think it will continues to the future. But one of the things to remember is that while we’ve seen this taking place in almost every economy, is when people decide to legalize, they tend to legalize the things that they’re already using. I mean, it makes the most sense. And so being the standard in the industry is good for us and being the number one used product is also good because eventually, as people you know, tend to legalize we believe we will get more than our fair share of the business. One of the other interesting trends that I think is happening along with that is because so many multinational companies or companies with their bases in industrialized nations are doing work in places like China, India, Eastern Europe, they are carrying forth their idea of protection of intellectual property and insisting on some of their partners, which is another trend you know, to address going into the future.
Richard Davis - Needham & Company: That’s very good, thank you very much, that’s helpful.
Carl Bass: Okay.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with J.P. Morgan, please proceed.
Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan: Yeah, thanks. Carl, I just want to go back to the comment you made during the prepared remarks, I believe -- make sure I heard it correctly. Did you say that an increase of 2% penetration in 3D to leave you $31 million incremental revenue?
Carl Bass: Yes.
Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan: I mean if -- forward, does that basically say that every one percent increased penetration is worth about $15 million, and you’ve got you know, say a billion or so of additional 3D opportunity in front of you?
Sue Pirri: Sterling, it was $31 million just in the one quarter, not for the year.
Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan: Okay, so given that the subscription then you got a kind of increase that to annualize --
Sue Pirri: Yes, right.
Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan: Okay, fair enough. And then the second comment is around the integration on the -- you know, the Alias and the others. I guess is price integration and kind of showing the roadmap going to be key to giving out to where it needs to be in the short-term or is it just the blocking and tackling around you know, the process, and the logistics before you can get back out into the point of attrition?
Carl Bass: I would say it was 60% blocking and tackling operational issues integrate into back office. You know, there are all kinds of things you will uncover during an acquisition. You know, the way they license their products, the way we license ours. They look for more on the surface, you dig down a little bit, I mean these are just issues to wrestle through, so a lot of it is actually operational. I think that one thing customers always ask is, we’ve gone through this with any -- either integration of an existing product or development of new products themselves, customers want to be reassured that the platform they’ve chosen is going forward. We’ll just get back to your roadmap questioning. You know, I think the biggest -- you know, we can talk all we want, but the biggest sign to the market will be the period in which we released new releases of those two products and when people see the investment we are making in the new products and recognize the advances going forward, it does a lot more than any of the words we can say around the product roadmap, so many customers want some reassurance about where the products are going, going forward. But I think it’s one of those things where we have to show with actions rather than words.
Sterling Auty - J.P. Morgan: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Brenden Barnicle with the Pacific Crest. Please proceed.
 Brenden Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Thanks, I’ve got a couple of quick questions. Any numbers on the contribution from Constructware during the quarter?
Alfred J. Castino: No, we don’t. We bought it during the quarter in a relatively small piece to our numbers, so we did talk about how the culmination of Constructware and Alias cost us a couple of cents in Q1 and then about $0.01 in Q2, but it’s too small for us to go break it out separately, it is relatively small.
Brenden Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Great. And then the strength in Europe was interesting. You know, overall Europe hasn’t had extremely strong economic results -- particularly good strength there. What in particular was driving that?
Carl Bass: I think a little bit is the flip side of this -- you know, the Japan comments that I made is that you know, Europe you know, the more developed parts in the emerging economies have really latched onto 3D and see it is a way to drive their productivity. And so I think it’s the prior success we’ve had with 3D is responding you know, continued to grow. I think that’s probably the biggest thing and then I think some credit to the team there as they can continue to do a great job of executing.
Brenden Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Now are that probably market share gains in Europe do you think, or is that new or 3D conversions.
Carl Bass: Absolutely they’re market share games, I have made comments in the past about market share and we continue to grow more quickly than any of our competitors and so we are absolutely gaining market share. If you think about it rather than arithmetically, just well, if you know, we have lots of anecdotal -- systems particularly, they mentioned some of those competitors, more legacy. Systems we either have, systems that are local to a particular country, you know they were replacing all these older legacy systems at a much more extensive and peculiar.
Brenden Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Great, and then just lastly, 3D was up 50% obviously a great number but it had been up you know, close to a 100% for the last couple of quarters, any reasons for that deceleration, the -- large numbers or what are we looking for there?
Carl Bass: No, I will see this is something that over time, I think we will get better trend data, I would know, look at each quarter to be able to do and there is a lot of dynamics in the quarter and so I would not take that as an indication of exactly where we are going, but I think it will smooth out over time to a more normalized stream.
Brenden Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Bent Thill, with Citigroup, please proceed.
Thill Bent - Citigroup: Thanks, you’ve raised prices recently. Maybe you can get us a sense of what the response you’ve been receiving from the channel. I think that was the first time you’ve raised pricing, I think it was 13 or 14 years from -- correct me if I’m wrong?
Carl Bass: Yeah, so its one of the first acts any new CEO of this company seems to make. In fact, the last time we raised prices was just after Carol joined the company, just coincidentally. We raised the prices in a rather modest way and so -- there has been almost no response at all from either our channel partisans or our customers.
Thill Bent - Citigroup: Okay, you reiterate in Q2 that you raised numbers for the year, the factors that are more bullish for the second half of the year is that -- system issues will go away. What’s leaving you more bullish about the second half?
Alfred J. Castino: Well, what we really did with the second half is we looked at the currency impact, the currency rates are certainly more payable than they were three months ago and we are assuming we don’t get all of that. We really tried to conserve on the currency rate but on the other hand with some reasonable buffers, that take our numbers up -- but really what we did is we raised the bottom end slightly because we were attached, we had proceeded already and then if you look at the top end, that’s where we took in a good portion of the currency benefits the remainder of the year and our assumption again is that any weakness in advanced systems and perhaps Japan, we got currency to more than offset that.
Thill Bent - Citigroup: Okay, and just real quickly -- the migration of Linux, how long have those projects been shipping, I imagine that you made the migration over but how long have they been in the market now?
Carl Bass: There is -- really, I mean they are really this quarter -- this last quarter or the quarter before the introduction. We released some over the last year but we completed it in the, kind of in the last three months. So we had a --
Carol Bartz: In -- in that first quarter the last one became available worldwide. But the first Linux product was launched about a year and a half ago and they have been rolling out throughout the year and the last one became available worldwide in first quarter.
Thill Bent - Citigroup: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Heather Bellini with UBS, please proceed.
Heather Bellini - UBS: Hi, thank you. I was just wondering if you could give us a comment on the global promotion that rolled out, I guess in the middle of last quarter, if you could talk about what type of success you are seeing with that and what type of success would you expect to see going forward in terms of migrating legacy customers to -- to newer products, thank you.
Carl Bass: We -- we rolled out something around our legacy customers, you know legacy -- our term to describe people, who pass by all the options that are created a long away. Many, which continue to use our products, so this is our way of extending a privilege to them, you know we give them a promotions upgrade, we think you after -- you know having passed on three releases we’ll see the benefit of the new releases, and so that’s the promotion that we rolled out. What it is -- it’s a discount and less than that they would have gotten but its still a significant discount -- number of people.
Unidentified Company Representative: And they get a bigger discount if they sign up for subscription -- to upgrade and then sign for subscription.
Heather Bellini - UBS: Its like -- its part of the -- is part of the reason perhaps why you’re -- why you’re more bullish on the second half of year partly due to the expected success with that product or is it really more the currency that Al mentioned before.
Carl Bass: I think we’re really -- I mean we’re really looking to currency, we are certainly looking to volume in certain markets, you know we really think -- all those factors. I think it’s a little bit too early now to say -- you know to really predicate much on what’s going on with the legacy promotion, we’ll know more as we go further into the year.
Heather Bellini - UBS: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Vicram Cherimonny with Lehman Brothers, you may proceed.
Vic Cherimonny - Lehman Brothers: Hi, its Vic Cherimonny, just a quick for Al. Al, product backlog was down from the $17 million last quarter to about $9 million, I understand its more numbers but can you just give us some reasoning as to why that was the case and what your expectations are going forward, and then I have one follow up.
Alfred J. Castino: Its really as small numbers and -- and it’s a number we try to try to manage on top of it, and I also don’t want to forecast, its within normal range -- have some backlog in this business and it happens because at times you don’t have the hardware, at times you always come late in the quarter. So it isn’t really something I would take as an important indicator of trend.
Vic Cherimonny - Lehman Brothers: Okay, and then also on cross revenue, I believe you already mentioned it was directed revenue. I might have missed the year over year gross number, did you guys give that for Q1?
Carol Bartz: It was up 50%.
Vic Cherimonny - Lehman Brothers: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question come from the line of Gene Munster with Piper Jaffray, please proceed.
Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray: Hi guys -- everybody, on the topic of the shifting from 2D to 3D you included 2007 some basic 3D functionality probably to expose some of your customer base to -- to that. Have you seen maybe some change in terms of early indication that that’s actually working and may be a broader question is since March 15 have you seen -- I guess you’ve had two months to kind of assess the business -- therefore what have you have seen on that front?
Carl Bass: On the first one, I’d say -- you know the information is still, you know really anecdotal. I think the biggest -- you hit right on in terms of the motive. The idea is as we talked about when you have 2D users is to get them familiar with 3D designs, 3D modeling. In fact AutoCad has 3D functionality, we really just modernized it but with an eye towards making it easier to move. I think the biggest benefit that we have is customers who are loyal long-term customers of AutoCAD appreciating that we put this functionality into AutoCAD you know, I think at time they felt like we were pushing them too hard to move to 3D and so you know, they feel like they are using one of our flagship products and that they deserve that functionality. So I think there has been a lot of goodwill generated in the community when you look at actual business results, I think its really too early to tell but, and just as an indication of what we are going to do, we are going to continue to use you know, while our 2D products is a way to educate people not only about 3D, but all about model based capabilities. So you know, we think it’s an important thing and it’s an important training ground for all of the products.
Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray: And just your take on how business has been since --?
Alfred J. Castino: We don’t do a forecast within a quarter. What I will tell you that we are not relying much on all this -- really strong and I can’t tell you we had any particular pattern during the quarter that was -- everything in our guidance considered everything we’ve seen and we still get about our business in the second quarter.
Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray: Okay, then one last question -- question earlier on is, can you just -- again a 1% increase, I know this is just back of the arm little kind of stuff here, but a 1% increase in the penetration of 3D equates, how much revenue to Autodesk?
Carl Bass: So what we said is the 2% generated $31 million in the quarter.
Carol Bartz: Just -- we were looking at the penetration rate a year ago and the penetration right now, there was $31 million more revenue this quarter. You can’t exactly extrapolate that --
Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray: Yeah, you gave a description, that makes sense -- yeah okay.
Carl Bass: Yeah, but you can’t do the back of the envelop calculation, it gives you an indication of how important it is -- and you know, previous times we’ve kind of shown you that and at various different ways you know, the value of moving a number of customers or a percent of the installed base over it, so this is just a retrospective. I am not saying -- we provide it.
Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray: Okay, great, and I guess the one final question on the advanced systems is how much was that -- make you a lot of sense, the SGIs troubles impacting the business, how much on absolute dollars you mentioned kind of one of the negatives in the quarter. Was it $5 million, was it $30 million or any sort of absolute dollars so we can put around this impact from SGI?
Alfred J. Castino: Advanced systems was down 20% from the prior year, its less than 10%, so advanced systems has historically been -- in fact if you look at the current mix its roughly half of the revenue -- that gives you an idea.
Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray: Okay, great, that’s helpful and thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Your next question comes from the line of Daniel Cummings from Bank of America. Please proceed.
Daniel Cummings - Bank of America Securities: Thanks, I just wanted to follow up on Advanced systems, so if it’s less than 10 it’s obviously close to bottoming, is that correct? And if you could -- just give us a sense because I am going back to the analysts’ day, I’d like to know you know, has there been a big subtraction within the guidance on M&E and has it been -- you know, replaced by something else?
Carl Bass: Yeah, I mean it’s -- we were disappointed by our M&E revenue, particularly the system side of that business and you know, as we kind of pointed out, this was a quarter of a bunch of moving parts and we were able to make out for it in other ways you know, so while this quarter it is encouraging, we just talked about it in the second half so we obviously made up for it in volumes in other parts of our business.
Alfred J. Castino: Okay. And let me figure and understand, when you said less than 10, what I was talking about was -- I wasn’t talking about the total revenue, so again our systems were roughly half of M&E, $10 million a quarter. Yeah, I want to make sure you understood that point.
Daniel Cummings - Bank of America Securities: Is it -- is that still stepping down week over week right now, I guess the problem is right with the SGI bankruptcy?
Alfred J. Castino: I can’t tell you if it’s getting any worse but you know 20% down from the prior year is a pretty big decline, and I can’t say it’s the lowest --
Daniel Cummings - Bank of America Securities: Okay, then just you know kind of the replacement, Carl talked about it in terms of that being low margin -- I don’t know if it was -- but low margin business and moving towards the higher margin software solution, can you give us a sense of a magnitude or the difference in the operating margin?
Carl Bass: No, I mean -- we will break it out and some of it depends on increased volume based on the more attractive pricing and stuff so this is something that we’ll be happy to talk about as we go through the year, I think it’s a little bit too earlier right now to talk about it.
Daniel Cummings - Bank of America Securities: Okay, thank you.
Carl Bass: Welcome.
Operator: At this time there are no further questions in queue and I would like to turn -- oh I do apologize, I do see that we have one final question coming from the line of Tim Fox of Deutsche Bank, please proceed.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank Securities: Good afternoon -- two quick questions. One, Carl, you mentioned something about some timing issues in the Americas, can you just talk a little bit about that?
Carl Bass: Yeah, mainly related to the simultaneous retirement and release of the new products and you know that’s really what it was about which is things about the release -- point to the quarter and what the channel was expecting so it was more around that, it’s nothing that we did expect to continue so -
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank Securities: Okay, and the second question is around AutoCAD and LT you mentioned that it was a record for both those products in the quarter and I was just wondering if you could talk a little about whether that was upgrades or primarily new seats and beyond I think its been a surprise the strengths that AutoCAD and LT has had across the globe, I’m wondering if there has been any shift recently in any of the geographies in the uptake or are we still seeing strength in America?
Carl Bass: No, I think the upgrade -- to answer your first question, I think those upgrades in new seats have continued to be strong you know, subscription has continued to grow along with that as much as upgrades. I think potentially the faster the upgrades have. So that part of the business is strong and there is no real differentiation you know across go’s. So I mean it’s just a healthy part of the business you know and still one of the more interesting things you know because you know as we’re seeing strength in our 3D business doesn’t really mean that you know it’s a zero-sum game with our 3D business. Our 3D business is continuing to grow, 2D while not growing as fast is growing faster than it has historically and you know, I think its really comes as a result -- you know of gaining market share, so its been a really nice phenomena.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank Securities: Understood, and lastly if I may, you changed the formula for your channel regarding their earn back last quarter. I’m just wondering if there has been any noticeable behavior change in the channel, any pushback around that, just any commentary around that -- the change, would be interesting.
Unidentified Company Representative: Well, the behavior -- I can tell you, is 3D -- and this specific product is doing great and our -- keep pushing the channel in that direction so I would declare it a success.
Carl Bass: Yeah, I mean, we are trying to -- look our partners business is growing with us. This has been a great time for them and we are trying with a steady hand to ensure that our strategies are alive and therefore their sources or other things that we think are most important, so we work together on that. Rather than a dramatic shift, this has just been another nudge in the direction of all we’ve been trying to accomplish.
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank Securities: Thank you.
Carl Bass: Okay, thanks.
Operator: I apologize sir, oh, I apologize ma’am, I do have one final question, is there time for one more?
Carl Bass: Yes.
Operator: Okay. I have a question coming from the line of Michael Huang, with Thinkequity Partners, please proceed sir.
Carol Bartz: Michael? Operator?
Michael Huang - Thinkequity Partners: Hello, can you hear me?
Carol Bartz: Yeah.
Carl Bass: Yeah.
Michael Huang - Thinkequity Partners: Okay, Civil 3D turned in a very impressive quarter, I was wondering if you could attribute that more to improved product performance in the 2007 release or to an improving macro-demand environment, and then the follow up to that is -- do you believe that Civil 3D could actually grow faster than Revit in fiscal 2007?
Carl Bass: So -- I think what you’re seeing with Civil 3D, has been real -- some really great growth, one of the things that we’ve had that’s kind of different. We pointed out at different times, our civil engineering products historically were the only in the Americas, so as we start going on a world wide basis the -- localize it -- those products with the markets, we’re actually seeing rather fast growth, in some ways the markets were ready to accept some of it. I think it’s a little bit of a horse race between Revit and Civil 3D right now but Revit has been the odds on favorites for the last few quarters actually turning in really good performance. So, those continue real quickly and I am not willing to choose at this point which one is going to grow faster so.
Michael Huang - Thinkequity Partners: Okay.
Carl Bass: Well we will see as the year goes on.
Unidentified Company Representative: We are looking for both of them.
Michael Huang - Thinkequity Partners: And one last question then, can you comment on the adoption rates of the collaboration products including Productstream and Buzzsaw?
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah, they actually, both Product Stream and Buzzsaw had very good quarters. Yeah, maybe next time we will give a little bit more detail about them but continuing the trends that you’ve seen in the past things we talked about in New York, if anything the one difference I would have said about this quarter is faster adoption among Productstream. So, that’s where there has been a little bit of -- an inflection point is been more around Product Stream, Buzzsaw has been running at a healthy clip and so Productstream, the newer of the products has actually had a good quarter.
Michael Huang - Thinkequity Partners: Great, thanks very much.
Carol Bartz: Operator?
Operator: At this time ma’am, there are no further questions in queue.
Carol Bartz: All right, well thank you everyone for joining us on the call. If you have questions feel free to call me and/or Castino and we will be happy to respond to your questions. Thanks for attending.
Operator: Ladies and Gentlemen, I would like to thank you for your participation in today’s conference. This now concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect and have a wonderful day.

===== 2006 Q4  (2006-02-28 19:30:00) =====
Executives: Sue Pirri - VP, IR  Carol Bartz - Executive Chairman  Al Castino - CFO  Carl Bass - President and CEO
Analysts: Sterling Auty- JP Morgan  Daniel Cummins - Banc of America Securities  Gene Munster- Piper Jaffray  Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch  Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities  Brent Thill - Prudential  Michael Huang - ThinkEquity  Sasa Zorovic - Oppenheimer  Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank  Israel Hernandez - Lehman Brothers 
Operator: Good day, ladies and gentlemen. Welcome to the Autodesk fourth quarter 2006 earnings conference call. (Operator instructions) I would now like to turn the call over to Sue Pirri, Vice President of Investor Relations. Please proceed, ma'am.
Sue Pirri: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you for joining us today as we report results for our fourth quarter and fiscal 2006. With me are Carol Bartz, Carl Bass and Al Castino. Today's conference call is being broadcast live through an audio webcast. In addition, a replay of the call will be available by webcast on our website, www.autodesk.com/investor. During the course of this conference call, we will make forward-looking statements regarding future events and the future performance of the Company. We caution you that such statements reflect our best judgment based on factors currently known to us, and that actual events or results could differ materially. Please refer to our documents we file from time to time with the SEC and specifically our 10-K for fiscal year 2005 and our 10-Q for the quarter ended October 31st, 2005 as well as our periodic 8-K filing. These documents contain and identify important factors that may cause the actual results to differ from those contained in our forward-looking statements.  In adherence to regulation Fair Disclosure, Autodesk will provide quarterly information and forward-looking guidance in its quarterly financial results press release and in publicly announced financial results conference calls. We will not provide any further guidance or updates on our performance during the quarter unless we do so in a public forum.  During the call, we will discuss non-GAAP financial measures. These non-GAAP measures are not prepared in accordance with General Accepted Accounting Principles. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP measures is set forth in our press release issued today, February 28th, and is made available on our website. Now I’d like to turn the call over to Carol Bartz. 
Carol Bartz: Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us. Before Al provides a detailed review of our financial results, I would like to discuss our Q4 2006 performance. Autodesk had another outstanding quarter and year. We grew revenues 17% to $417 million. I would remind you, this would be a 23% growth rate on a constant currency basis. Full year revenues were $1.523 billion, an increase of 23%.  We continued to show strong profitability in the quarter, increasing non-GAAP net income 21% to $91 million. Our non-GAAP operating margin was 25% in the quarter, and we achieved our targeted 25% non-GAAP operating margin for the entire year. Demand for our products continues to be very strong. Compared to last year, revenue from new commercial seats increased 16%, or 23% constant currency. Once again, sales from new seats and emerging businesses were approximately two-thirds of our revenue. This confirms the underlying strength of the business, and the robust demand for our solutions. Autodesk's is gaining share in all markets and all geographies. We are especially pleased with the growth in our emerging economies, which grew 35% this quarter and more than 60% for the year. Market penetration of our 3D products is increasing. Revenue from new, commercial 3D seats grew 73% in the quarter and 88% for the year. In fact, 3D has become the single biggest driver of new commercial seat revenue growth, and will lead to increasing downstream growth in maintenance revenue. The value of our subscription program continues to resonate with customers, driving higher subscription attach and renewal rates. Subscription revenue increased 56% over last year, and exceeded upgrade revenue for both the quarter and the full year. As expected, upgrade revenue declined compared to last year, due to higher subscription and the movement of the retired Autodesk 2002 base products to the first quarter of fiscal 2007. Combined revenues from subscription and upgrades in Q4 represented 38% of revenue. Finally, we completed the Alias acquisition in January. We are now in execution phase, driving synergies across the businesses. Alias extends our opportunity across both the media and manufacturing markets, and our customers will benefit from more complete and integrated solutions. Overall, we are extremely pleased with our fourth quarter and our fiscal year. Now I would like to turn the call over to Al. 
 Al Castino: Thanks, Carol. Once again, Autodesk delivered great performance. As Carol said, net revenues in the quarter were $417 million, 17% higher than last year, and 23% higher on a constant currency basis. This includes revenues from Alias of $3 million, after the write-down of deferred revenues required by GAAP.  GAAP earnings were $0.33, a 27% increase. Non-GAAP earnings were $0.37, a 23% increase. Non-GAAP EPS excludes the impact of Alias and pre-tax in-process R&D and the amortization of purchased intangibles. Each of our geographies grew substantially in the quarter. The Americas had a great quarter, growing 29% to $177 million. AMEA grew 7% to $150 million, or 19% constant currency. Asia Pacific grew 14% to $90 million, or 21% constant currency. Gross margins increased 2 percentage points from last year to 90%, benefiting from continued strong software license sales, and productivity measures in our operations. GAAP operating expenses were $279 million. Excluding acquisition-related charges, non-GAAP operating expenses were $271 million.  Operating income was $97 million GAAP, up 24% over last year. Non-GAAP operating income was $106 million, up 18%. Our operating margin was 25% on a non-GAAP basis. Without Alias, our non-GAAP margin would have been 26%. Our operating margin continues to demonstrate the leverage in our model, as well as our commitment to improvements in efficiency and business execution. Our full year non-GAAP tax rate was 19%, lower than our 20% estimate, primarily due to the geographic mix of earnings. The full year true-up drove our non-GAAP tax rate to 17% in the fourth quarter. Our full year GAAP tax rate of 14% includes benefits related to prior years. Our 18% Q4 GAAP tax rate was impacted by the non-deductibility of in-process R&D.  Net income was $83 million GAAP, and $91 million non-GAAP. There were 249 million shares used in calculating diluted net income per share, and 230 million total shares outstanding. You should note that over the past three years, outstanding shares have increased just 2%, while non-GAAP EPS gained 640% and the GAAP increase is even higher. The changes in foreign exchange rates cost us 6 percentage points of growth, and $0.06 per share compared to last year. Once again, the underlying strength of our business allowed us to exceed our guidance, despite the negative currency movements. Turning to the balance sheet, cash in investments were $378 million, down from last quarter due to the $197 million used to purchase Alias. With continued strong cash generating capability of our business, we are very comfortable with this reduced level of cash entering the new year. Cash from operating activities was $114 million, compared to $144 million last year. The decline was due to working capital transaction timing, such as timing of tax payments related to the repatriation which will reverse itself in the first quarter. We received $17 million from employee stock plans, and used $107 million to buy back 2.5 million shares of stock.  Total deferred revenues were $286 million at quarter end, including $36 million classified as long term. Deferred subscription revenues increased $28 million, reaching $213 million. For the first time, we are heading into the new year with 14% of revenue already booked.  Total backlog increased to $303 million. This includes product backlog of $17 million, down slightly from the prior quarter, but within our normal range. Year end backlog growth was not a factor this year, due to the movement of our product retirement program from Q4 to Q1. Turning to channel inventory. Channel inventory was slightly below our normal range of three to four weeks. Weeks supply of inventory in the channel decreased sequentially. DSO was 56 days. Strong subscription bookings, and the Alias acquisition each added four days to our DSO, and accounts for the entire sequential change. The Alias acquisition added to our DSO because the calculation picks up their entire accounts receivable balance in the numerator, while we have only 20 days of revenue in the denominator. This impact will reverse itself in Q1. Now to quickly recap our great year. Revenues increased by 23% to $1.523 billion, including the $3 million from Alias. Earnings per share increased more than 45%, both GAAP and non-GAAP. Now we hit our non-GAAP operating margin of 25%. That summarizes our third excellent year in a row.  Now, let's talk about fiscal 2007, a year we expect will be our fourth excellent year in a row. Our guidance for fiscal 2007 considers the following events and trends: After considering all of these factors, we expect revenue growth of 18% to 20% in fiscal 2007, including approximately 6% growth from these acquisitions. Remember the dollar strengthened considerably at the beginning of our fourth quarter. On our last earnings call, we estimated that the strengthening dollar would cost us 3 percentage points of growth in fiscal 2007, and that still remains true. Therefore, using fiscal year 2006 average foreign exchange rates, our 2007 revenue growth would have been 3 percentage points higher, or 21% to 24%.  We expect GAAP EPS to be in the range of $1.12 to $1.17 per share. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $1.45 to $1.50, excluding the impact of amortization of intangibles and equity-based compensation expenses. For the first quarter, we expect revenue in the range of $425 million to $435 million, or 20% to 23% above last year. On a constant currency basis, this revenue growth would be approximately 26% to 29% above last year. We expect GAAP EPS to be in the range of $0.22 to $0.24. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.30 to $0.32. For the second quarter, we expect revenue in the range of $440 million to $450 million, or 18% to 21% above last year. On a constant currency basis, this revenue growth would be approximately 21% to 24%. We expect GAAP EPS to be in the range of $0.26 to $0.28. Non-GAAP EPS is expected to be in the range of $0.34 to $0.36. As we mentioned previously, the acquisitions of Alias and Constructware will be dilutive to EPS in the first six months of the year. Our guidance includes expected dilution of $0.03 to $0.04 on a non-GAAP basis in the first half. These acquisitions are expected to be slightly accretive for the full year. Now let me turn it over to Carol. 
Carol Bartz: Thanks, Al. Let's review our product division results. Platform technology had a great quarter, increasing revenue 13% over last year and 19% constant currency. AutoCAD LP was especially strong, increasing revenues from new commercial seats 19%, or 27% constant currency. As expected, with the growth of subscriptions and the move of the retirement out of Q4, AutoCAD upgrade revenue decreased compared to last year. The great news is that revenue from new commercial seats of AutoCAD increased 11% and 16% constant currency. We continue to be very successful migrating AutoCAD customers to subscriptions. The majority of new seats and upgrades attach to subscriptions again this quarter, and renewal rates remain very strong. AutoCAD subscription revenues increased 58%. Looking forward, during the quarter we will retire the AutoCAD 2002 family of products, and then launch the AutoCAD 2007 family. AutoCAD 2007 continues our tradition of innovation, performance and out-of-box productivity, and allows users to explore their design ideas with updated solid modeling and surfacing tools; and then, visualize and present these designs with built-in rendering. Once users have created their shapes and models in AutoCAD 2007, they can easily bring these designs into our model-based, 3D applications to transform these shapes into intelligent building or manufacturing models. In simple terms, this means that we can get our 2D users more familiar and excited about 3D, making the move to our 3D solutions much easier.  We continue to see adoption of our grid-based solutions for design to downstream workflow. Total seats from our Autodesk DWF Composer grew 144% year-over-year. Downloads of our free DWF Viewer doubled over the same timeframe, crossing 10 million. Our manufacturing division had another record quarter. Revenues were $74 million, a 23% increase over last year, and 31% constant currency. Our 2D manufacturing product, AutoCAD Mechanical and AutoCAD Electrical, showed strong growth in the quarter, increasing 21%. Customer uptake of our 3D manufacturing product, Inventor and Inventor Pro continues to be very strong. Revenue from new commercial seats of our Inventor products increased 45% over last year.  We again increased the competitive gap, selling nearly 13,500 commercial seats. In total, we shipped over 51,000 commercial seats to our manufacturing customers in the quarter, more than twice as many as our closest competitor.  Our manufacturing results demonstrate once again that our strategy is working. There is a sea change occurring in the manufacturing segment. Customers are increasingly choosing high value, mainstream solutions as the capabilities and economics surpass high-cost legacy systems. The breadth and productivity of our solutions and the ease of migrating from 2D has allowed us to grow substantially faster than the market, and continue to gain market share. For the year, MSD revenue grew 29% to $257 million.  Building solutions had another outstanding quarter. Revenues were $52 million, an increase of 34% over last year, and 39% in constant currency. Our strategy in migrating customers to building information modeling continues to show success. We shipped more than 13,700 commercial seats of Revit. Revenue from new Revit seats increased nearly 130% over last year. Autodesk Building Systems increased revenues 64% over last year. For the full year, BSC revenues increased 43% to $178 million. Buzzsaw collaborative solution for the building and infrastructure industries grew revenues 72% over last year, and ended the quarter with 137,000 subscribers. Buzzsaw continues to show particular resonance with home builders, securing another win for NAR Homes this quarter. We are now seeing growth adoption in engineering and construction sectors as well, with wins such as Santec, a leading provider of professional design and consulting services; Noble Drilling, one of the world's largest offshore drilling contractors; and the Pennsylvania Turnpike, which is using Buzzsaw to manage a major retrofit of the entire statewide turnpike system. Increasingly, we are seeing demands from our customers to offer a complete, integrated solution to manage the entire building life cycle. Earlier this month, we announced an agreement to acquire Constructware. The acquisition will enable us to enhance our offering with both Constructware's cost estimating and bid management capabilities. We expect to close this acquisition some time next month. Our infrastructure division also had a very strong quarter. Revenues were $53 million, an increase of 22% over last year, and 27% constant currency. Adoption of Civil 3D, our first model-based civil engineering design solution, continues to surpass our expectations. During the quarter, we shipped over 8,700 commercial seats of Civil 3D. Revenue from Civil 3D increased 160% over last year. Autodesk Map 3D continued to increase market penetration also, growing revenues by 15% over last year. It is the only product on the market that increases customer productivity by connecting CAD and GIS data with unique geospatial tools. For the full year, revenues from ISD increased 21% to $178 million. Our media and entertainment division had a mixed quarter, resulting in revenues that increase slightly over last year. Animation continues to be strong worldwide. Film studios are rushing to incorporate more feature-length animation projects into their pipelines to meet box office demand. Games are becoming increasingly complex. Game studios are using both animation and design tools in their work, creating more realistic and exciting games with more dynamic environments.  Our acquisition of Alias expands our opportunity across the media industry, enabling us to better deliver solutions that address our customers' end to end requirements. Animation revenues increased 34% over last year, including Alias. New commercial seat revenue for 3ds Max grew 26%. Systems revenues, however, decreased 15% in the quarter. The systems business is in a planned transition away from proprietary, high-end SGI work stations to Linux-based solutions running on standard PCs. In fact, we had 26% growth in our Linux products in the quarter, offset by an obvious decline in SGI-based product revenue. This transition is important, as it will not only reduce our dependency on questionable suppliers, it will also improve the division operating margin as it moves towards more favorable software life operating margins. Late in the quarter, we began the launch of Linux-based versions of Inferno and Flame. These are our last two system products to be ported from SGI to Linux. Customers' reactions to these new offerings has been very positive. While customers have been eagerly awaiting the new platform choice, the decision to move is made only after extensive demonstration and testing. Over time, as customers evaluate these new platforms, we believe the lower price point and open systems approach will appeal to more users, and ultimately stay in the market. However, systems revenue in the first half will be impacted by this transition. On a positive note, our sales force is back on track in the Americas where systems revenue increased 15% for the quarter. Overall, the M&E division is poised for increased profitability, strong animation growth and a much needed platform transition in the systems business. Before we take your questions, I would like to summarize a few key points. Growth in our 2D business continues to be very robust. Revenues from new commercial seats of 2D grew 18% in fiscal 2006. This is important, because 2D growth fuels our future opportunity for 3D migration and life cycle management. Market penetration of our 3D solutions is increasing. Revenue from new commercial seats grew 88% in fiscal 2006, and 3D is now the single biggest driver of new seat commercial revenue growth. Yet, despite all of our success with 3D, penetration of our installed base remains very low. This presents a tremendous growth opportunity for the future.  Subscription is one of our strategic goals, and remains firmly on target. Subscription revenue exceeded upgrade revenue for the first time in fiscal 2006, and we expect this trend to continue in the future. As you know, subscription reduces volatility and provides a consistent, stable revenue stream in place of the annual focus on the size of the upgrade base and upgrade revenue. As Al already told you, we have nearly 15% of fiscal 2007 revenue already booked. Customer demand for Autodesk solutions is very strong. Once again, revenues from new seats and emerging businesses was approximately two-thirds of total revenues for the year. As we near the launch of our new products in March, we continue to enjoy strong, underlying market demand.  Finally and most importantly, our real opportunity is what is happening in the marketplace. The world of our customers is changing profoundly. They are no longer interested in just features and speed; instead they are looking for a partner to help them navigate the increasing competitive pressure of our global economic environment. This affects every business segment and division. All customers need a partner to help increase innovation, drive productivity, reduce cycle time and compete for business around the globe. Autodesk is meeting those needs. I have never been more confident of our future opportunities. Operator, we are ready for your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) Your first question comes from the line of Sterling Auty with JP Morgan. Please proceed.
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan: Thanks. I have two questions. First on the subscription business, given the strong deferred revenue, can you just talk a little bit to the linearity of what you saw in the quarter, especially around subscriptions? 
Carol Bartz: Well, we had good linearity in the quarter. Subscription linearity -- first of all, if you're talking about the bookings, there tend to be more bookings in the January timeframe just because that's when a lot of people did their upgrade and movement to subscription. The linearity of subscription is dead linear from a revenue standpoint because of how we do it, one-twelfth. 
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan: Well, I should have said on the bookings or the new purchases -- or maybe I should have just said talk to the linearity. You mentioned the increase in DSOs from Alias and such. As you pushed out the end of life of AutoCAD 2002, can you just talk to the linearity that you saw, in terms of the demand, relative to what you saw last year? 
Al Castino: You're talking about subscription again, right? The subscription revenue is heavier late in the quarter, because a lot of renewals come up then. That was the impact on the DSO. 
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan: Okay. In terms of the Alias contribution for fiscal 2007, can you give us an idea of what the deferred revenue that you would have lost? Because I thought you said when you purchased them that they did about $80 million or so for the 12 months ending June '05. Looking at the contribution for fiscal '07, it looks like there must have been a pretty substantial deferred revenue loss. 
Al Castino: We're not going to tell you the exact amounts. We told you that about 6% of the growth next year comes from the two acquisitions. I can tell you Constructware is relatively small. It is less than $10 million. That gives you a good idea of how much the revenues are. They are growing the revenues organically. But yes, we have to take a deferred revenue write-down. 
Sterling Auty - JP Morgan: Okay, thank you.
Operator:
Daniel Cummins - Banc of America Securities : Thank you. I wanted to ask about the European results. Can you give us the growth there at constant currency? Can you tell us, just behaviorally, is there more delay to the last minute, let's say, in terms of upgrade? I'm wondering about the QoverQ growth going into fiscal 1Q with respect to Europe. 
Carol Bartz: Constant currency was 19%, Daniel so they are really on track with pretty much everybody else. The Americas came back really roaring strong, but I don't think there was anything unusual relative to Europe and upgrades and so forth. They just, of course, got the big hit with the euro. 
Daniel Cummins - Banc of America Securities : I'm sorry. Europe was plus 19% constant currency year-over-year? 
Carol Bartz: It wasn't plus. It was 7% that we recorded, but it would have been 19% constant currency, so plus 12%.
Daniel Cummins - Banc of America Securities : QoverQ. 
Carol Bartz: Yes, QoverQ. 
Daniel Cummins - Banc of America Securities : Okay, great. How about into the 1Q? Do you think seasonally, Europe will be flat, down, up? 
Carol Bartz: We don't actually give you forecasts by geos. But there's nothing unusual happening in Europe. 
Daniel Cummins - Banc of America Securities : Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Gene Munster with Piper Jaffray. Gene, your line is open. Please proceed with your question.
Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray : Good afternoon and congratulations. Carol, you mentioned that one of the biggest growth drivers is the move from 2D to 3D, which you guys have talked about for a long time. I think there's been controversy on the story about the smaller pool for next year, and the balancing of that. The offsetting factor, obviously, is this whole move to 2D to 3D and the new seat opportunity with that. How do you think about that balancing act -- if it is a balancing act, first of all -- of the smaller renewal pool offset by, obviously, the larger ASPs with the 3D seats, and just the overall market opportunity with the seats in fiscal '07? 
Carol Bartz: Well first of all, there are a lot of moving parts on that. We have a larger base of subscription coming in there for renewal. I would remind you of the maintenance business, which is both subscription and upgrades. We have half in the door already. I think what all of you should focus on more is how well we're doing in those new businesses. The good news in the new businesses is as you speak, it's starting to move more towards the higher ASP 3D, because you saw the growth of plus 80% in 3D. This concentrating on smaller upgrades bases is all factored into our guidance. There are no big surprises one way or the other coming here, Gene. This is kind of a dead issue as far as we are concerned. Do you want to add anything to that, Carl? 
Carl Bass: I would just say that it's not a balancing act in that our migration of customers from 2D to 3D is largely independent of the size of the upgrade base. So while there is certainly some when that is a defining moment for them to make a choice; for the most part, the customers' choice to move to 3D is independent of their choice to upgrade. So, we don't really see these two things as being much in conflict with each other. 
Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray : No, that makes perfect sense. I guess in the sense of that ASP difference between 2D versus a 3D and new seat, what is the price differential between those two? 
Carol Bartz: Well, in manufacturing it can be -- depending if they do Inventor, Inventor Pro -- 3X to 4X. In the other businesses, it's anywhere from 80% to 2X.
Carl Bass: I think Gene's question was on new units. It tends to be about 25% to 35% premium on new seats. Carol's numbers are for an ongoing basis with subscription or upgrades. 
Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray : Okay. Obviously, the market opportunity to 3D -- I know, Carol, you've always talked about that the good news is that it is multiple years. This isn't something that you guys are all going to get in one specific quarter. Is there anyway to try to outline how many potential seats that could be? I know you talked about it being relatively lightly penetrated right now.
Carol Bartz: Yes, Gene, we're going to talk a lot more about that on Analyst Day. If you included LT in the base, we are significantly lower than 10% in penetration. If you pull LT out, we are around 10%, 11% penetration of all the businesses. So I mean, what are a few points here when you've got about 90 to play with? There's an enormous potential of moving folks to 3D. By the way, maybe it was lost in the whole script, but AutoCAD 2007 is a fantastic product in getting people excited and comfortable with 3D. First, you might look at it and say, well, if that's 3D, why do they need these other 3D? It's the tantalizer that says, this is really what it's all about. Now move to the big boy products. 
Carl Bass: I'd also add one thing, Gene. We've slightly masked the growth in 3D, because so many new 2D users have been added to each release. So what's been going on is while people are choosing to move to 3D, I think surprisingly, you see numbers of AutoCAD and LT growth that are somewhere between 10% to 25%, so we are continuously growing that pool. While many people are moving to 3D, the overall penetration is only growing slightly. 
Gene Munster - Piper Jaffray : Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Jay Vleeschhouwer of Merrill Lynch. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch : Thanks. Good afternoon. Carol, could you elaborate on your subscriptions comments? Maybe you'll want to do this at Analyst Day. What was the total number of subscribers as of year end? Can you talk about the kind of attach rates that you're seeing in the verticals besides base AutoCAD and Inventor itself? 
Carol Bartz: Well, Jay, we are about 800,000 at year end. We will go more into some specifics, as we always do for you, at Analyst Day. I think again, the fact that we were 19% of revenue and the fact that we are almost 15% going forward -- which, by the way, again, is almost half of our entire maintenance revenue expected for the year. It might be 15% of all the business, but it's 50% of the maintenance business.  We are finally achieving what we set out to do four years ago, and that is to get that business as a rolling business, and really concentrate on 3D, life cycle management, emerging markets, and so forth and have the channel buy in. We never want to declare victory, because you don't always get 100% of 100% of 100%. We are really doing nicely here now. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch : Carl, could you talk about the ongoing program to redirect the channel in terms of how they sell the products? That is, toward more specialty or vertical orientation? You discontinued the earnbacks for AutoCAD. You rolled out VIR. What are some of the main objectives for fiscal '07 in terms of getting that mix of guiding the channel right in terms of having them invest the right amount at the right time towards the way you want their mix to be? 
Carl Bass: Yes, and you said it, Jay. As you are aware, we introduced the VIR program last year. We made some modifications to the program -- the two axis that we measure our partners on is the vertical mix as well as their customer satisfaction. Customer satisfaction continues to be an important part. What we've changed in this year going forward is the vertical mix component in which people are not compensated for selling. No you know, no additional points for selling AutoCAD. We've also rolled out the program in EMEA. We will get to a worldwide, consistent program. What we're really trying to do is totally consistent with our strategy, which is moving our customers to 3D as appropriate, but recognizing that there's extra selling effort involved in that, and compensating our partners for that extra effort. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch : All right. I assume that your margin structure encompasses how you will compensate the channel, or new changes in programs over fiscal '07? 
Carl Bass, Autodesk : There's no real difference. Just like when we introduced VIR, we said there's no overall effect. This is really moving the grains of sand around in the pile in terms of how we distribute it. It doesn't change the overall size of the pile. 
Carol Bartz: Yes, it's more to the people that actually put the effort in and staff up and do the work to make sure that they get the reward. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch : Lastly, you pointed out that your 2D business is growing anywhere from 10% to 25%, which would exceed all but a handful of competitors' 3D products. Obviously, SolidWorks is at the upper end of that range. Most other competitive products are below that range. Do you think that is a sustainable out-performance for 2D, notwithstanding the growth in 3D? 
Carl Bass: Jay, I think mostly what you referred to in that while we compete in a large number of industries, obviously, most of the public information is for those that we compete with in the manufacturing segment. I think both our growth in 2D, which does by 2X, 3X, 4X exceed the growth of those other MCAD players. As well as our 3D growth which way exceeds it, is just a testament to the strength of the strategy. We are just in the right place at the right time. We have the right products. I think a lot of people are really executing on decades-old strategy. The market has changed fundamentally. I even look at some of the things the other companies are doing by trying to change the focus to small and medium manufacturers. Basically, what they're masking is the fact that they no longer have appropriate products for the majority of that market. 
Carol Bartz:  Jay, I would also say that while you have the preponderance of the install base 2D -- 90%, as I said a few minutes ago -- you're going to continue to see growth there. I mean, might there ever be a time when you get -- and, of course, there will be -- when it's a preponderance of 3D? Then 2D might change. But I think we've got a big run here on both sides for a long time. 
Al Castino: Keep in mind that we have the geographic in those emerging countries, that has definitely helped us with 2D. There's a legacy base of customers that's falling further and further behind every time we do a new release. We are doing great new releases every year, that helps us. We have activation code, anti-piracy efforts in general around the world. Those all help us grow 2D. I think that goes on for a long time. 
Jay Vleeschhouwer - Merrill Lynch : Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brendan Barnicle with Pacific Crest Securities. 
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities : Great. Getting back to the 3D, do you guys have any expectations about what the 3D workstation market is going to grow like this year? 
Carol Bartz: I don't know what the 3D workstation market is anymore, Brendan, to be honest. I don't think there is such a thing anymore. Most 3D is now general-purpose PCs. Even the PC manufacturers don't split out that as a concept much anymore. We don't actually look at it that way. 
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities : Okay, perfect. What percentage of revenue is coming from 3D now? 
Al Castino: In the fourth quarter, it was approximately 21%. 
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities : Perfect, thank you.
Carol Bartz: That is the fastest growing part. For the year, it grew north of 80. That's the beauty. That's when you start seeing -- even moving small amounts of the base, not even a percentage point of the big installed base -- what that does for the revenue growth. That's really the message we have been trying to give you guys, is not only the change in ASP or cross grade, but the annual subscription that you get. You know, you start getting a nice additive business going here. 
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities : Right. Lastly, as you look at 2007, I know you guys have talked some about the shading and the curves may be helping some with the CPG market. What should we look for to be able to measure some of that? What are some of the things you're measuring for to look at how well you've penetrated into that market? 
Carol Bartz: There are actually different segments of that market. The market of course that is sort of the easiest for us right now -- if any market is easy -- is what's happening in gaming, animation and computer graphics in general. The other side of computer graphics, which is effects editing and compositing is, as I said on the call, in a very important transition to Linux. So there isn't anything new over what I said, except that it's kind of interesting. If you look back three years ago, the animation part seemed kind of stalled out. That's on fire now. Do you have anything to add to that, Carl? 
Carl Bass: I think you might have been talking about the consumer products in the manufacturing? 
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities : Yes, that's right. 
Carol Bartz:  I thought you said computer graphics. 
Carl Bass: Yes, and the things going on there . We have added the capability and the new release of Inventor will have some advanced shaping features. That will help. StudioTools definitely help us with consumer products. That's a great conceptual design tool for the manufacturing industry, including consumer products. 
Carol Bartz:  And Asia has been really waiting on this. 
Carl Bass: I think the unique thing we're going to be able to do is not only having the leading product in manufacturing with Inventor, but having StudioTools, having Maya and Max, which are alternately used in the conceptual design part in the early stages of design, as well as the visualization and presentation. Anything we can do to make that workflow more seamless between those products is a big advantage for our customers.  As you've heard us talk about the challenges our customers face, getting rid of those discontinuities in the process is really what we're aiming to do. So this is a nice way, both on the front end and then as it has to go downstream, to get rid of some of those speed bumps, if not real hurdles. 
Brendan Barnicle - Pacific Crest Securities : Perfect. Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Brent Thill of Prudential. 
Brent Thill - Prudential: Thanks, good afternoon. Al, I don't think we got explicit operating margin guidance. In the past, I think the Company has mentioned the way to think about it is a 200 to 300 basis point improvement every year. I guess the question is, because subscription is gaining more traction, should we think of a higher build out beyond that in terms of the margin expansion? Is it unrealistic to think of 35% to 40% longer-term op margins at Autodesk?
Al Castino: Well, in terms of fiscal year '07, we already have that guidance of about 27% for the full year. We also mentioned that the acquisitions would be dilutive in the first six months and drag that down, but accretive for the whole year. That takes it down somewhat. When you look at the EPS guidance, you can back into it. It winds up being a bit under that original target because of the cost of getting the acquisitions into the Company. In terms of the long-term margin guidance, I continue to believe our model looks a lot like other high-volume box software companies. It belongs in the 30s long-term. In terms of when we'll get there, we're going to do that at a moderate pace. We're not going to have an explicit year by year kind of jump factor that we are assuming. The reason for that is we have a lot of growth opportunities in this business. As long as those growth opportunities are there, we will constrain our margins and make investments back in 3D, product lifecycle management and geographic growth. We continue doing these adjacent products -- things like structural engineering, di-folding systems engineering. Those are all important investments that help us grow the Company over time. Now there are a couple of other things going on that impact margins. So we're going to constrain our margins to make investments. As we get bigger, though, volume helps us raise those margins up. There's no doubt about that. There are definitely economies of scale in this business. At the same time though, we keep driving productivity gains in this business, and that is going to help us do many of the investments. But what I would expect is there will be some gradual increases in margin over time. We'll constrain the margins to make investments. Long term, I do believe we belong in the 30s. But in terms of timing for getting there, it depends on how the growth does, and as long as we see great investments to make or help us grow, we'll keep doing that. 
Brent Thill - Prudential: A quick follow-up for Carol or Carl -- you mentioned PLM as a longer-term opportunity. Can you give us a sense of where you think the market is now for starting to adopt to some of your solutions here? 
Carl Bass: I think we're still early in the adoption. I think we've had very good adoption of our Vault products and product stream, and we'll spend a little bit more time in April going through what's going on in product lifecycle management. One of the things to know about product lifecycle management, it generally involves a change of process. We have spent the past year or two seeding the market, getting customers' data ready, working with them in terms of changing their process. If we think the migration from 2D to 3D is going to take place over five to ten years, it's certainly similarly true for lifecycle management. We think we're well positioned. We think we have a unique solution for bringing it to market. Once again, we're looking at the mainstream part of the market. We're now looking at the high cost, high implementation -- implementation of 20-year-old systems. We're looking at a new approach, a fresh web service approach to PLM that I think is much more appropriate for most of our customers. We're really confident about where we're headed, but we are also moving this along slowly and appropriately. 
Carol Bartz: The other thing that I would add to Carl is that it's very clear to us now that our sort of incremental approach -- so customers can start with Vault, can start with a workgroup, can go to Product Stream, can go to Streamline, is being very well-received by the customer because they feel as though they can try and buy, try and buy, try and buy as opposed to just choke down a huge hairball. That is just becoming clear.  We'll give you some examples when we are there in April. One of my favorite ones is one of our customers installed Vault and they had 75,000 product files for parts and design parts. Once they put it in Vault, they got it down to 5,000 which took their design time for a new product to spec to a customer from 30 days to three days. That's just Vault. These people are over the moon with this stuff. It's just very clear to us that when you consider 3D, when you consider emerging countries as fantastic revenue growth for the next long period of time, this is the real kicker I'm talking about. This stuff is really hot. It's just as Carl said. You go customer to a customer. They are learning, we are learning. But it's very clear -- hitting small and medium businesses as well as large and doing it incrementally is the answer. 
Brent Thill - Prudential: Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Michael Huang with ThinkEquity. 
Michael Huang - ThinkEquity : A few questions -- they are real quick. Just a quick follow-up to the prior question on the collaboration products, Product Stream and Buzzsaw. I was wondering if you could provide an estimate of the percentage of resellers that actually have dedicated head count to push these products? Given the fact that it is early, but you actually have seen some uptick in activity. I was wondering how you expect that to trend over the next couple of years? 
Carl Bass: So what I would say is one of the ways we roll out products is we really start early in the lifecycle of our products by taking them direct with our own sales force as well as our own consulting. Over time, as we get it right, as we understand the value we're bringing to customers, we move it to the channel. Buzzsaw, which has been around longer, is moving to that stage where resellers are engaged. Right now it's only a handful of resellers. I would put it at several dozen people dedicated to that. Primarily our efforts on the Buzzsaw side are through direct selling and consulting, ours. Over the next couple of years, we will continue to spread this to channel. I'd say similarly, when you look at our Vault and Product Stream businesses on the manufacturing side of the house -- same thing today. We are out there working with lots of customers. We have a handful of dedicated resellers who are investing ahead of the curve.  One of the things about our business is we think it's really important not to get our resellers too far out ahead of us. What we need to do is really go out and evangelize new products, better understand them, keep that feedback loop with our product development teams. So we are holding on to them. You'll always see the investment from us in that. Over a period of time, you'll see it move to the channel. 
Michael Huang - ThinkEquity : Great. Another question on the 3D products. I was wondering if you could share your thoughts on shelfware of the 3D products. Do you believe that Autodesk has the opportunity to drive higher adoption and higher usage of these products? How do you believe this actually impacts spending trends going forward? 
Carl Bass: I think there's a myth being perpetrated about the shelfware. I think some of our competitors are frustrated by our success and, as I think Jay alluded to, their own lack of success in actually being able to sell design software. The rumor is it's not being used. I'll tell you by virtue of what people are spending for the difference -- you know, when you talk about the difference from 2D to 3D, people don't buy 3D subscriptions for the fun of it. They don't buy 3D subscriptions for shelfware. We also know by the registrations, as well as error reports and other online mechanisms we have about the usage of our products. I would say the vast majority, in the high 90s, of our products are deployed. At the early stages, you certainly see pilots. But over time, the vast majority of these things are in use and in production. 
Michael Huang - ThinkEquity : Great, thanks very much.
Operator: Your next question comes from Sasa Zorovic with Oppenheimer. Please proceed.
 Sasa Zorovic - Oppenheimer : Thank you. My first question would be regarding your growth in programs -- if you were going to call it amnesty or basically getting people -- legitimate users in the emerging markets. China and India, India in particular. You just started this fairly recently. 
Carol Bartz: Well, we have anti-piracy or antitheft programs, frankly, in every country. But clearly, we're getting a lot more efficient with sharing best practices in the emerging geos. In fact, probably the country that has done the best job of it is China, as far as how they have handled it. And Korea, by the way. Korea does a fantastic job, and we don't mention it enough. So we actually have an emerging task force that is run by our China Vice President to make sure we take those same practices to Latin America, to Eastern Europe. It really is working with local governments, informing customers when we think they are not legal, education, all of that sort of thing. There isn't any sort of new magic bullet here. It's just that I think we are getting a lot more efficient in how we share successes and see if we can duplicate them. 
 Sasa Zorovic - Oppenheimer : You mentioned that there was about 10 million in China and roughly about 7 million licenses in India. Do you have any sort of estimates as to where you are in terms of bringing those to be the legitimate ones? 
Carol Bartz: Sasa, I don't actually know where that data comes from, because I don't recall ever saying that. What we do say is that if you look at DSA stats, those countries are somewhere in the low to high 90s as far as piracy. If that's the case, there are nine stolen for every one bought. It's much, much greater than the numbers you just said. 
 Sasa Zorovic - Oppenheimer : Finally, regarding your acquisition strategy, I guess you've been speeding it up here recently. What should we look for regarding your acquisitions coming up? 
Carl Bass: I think you should expect to see a continuation of the acquisition strategy in place. We continue to like the small, tuck-in acquisitions that are complementary to our business. I think you'll continue to see us do relatively small and adjacent -- ones that fit our business model, that complement what we have. You won't see us, generally speaking, with far-reaching acquisitions. I think you'll see a continuation. As you are well aware, the timing of these things is not totally under our control. Sometimes, they seem to cluster together. But I wouldn't read anything too much into the last few months. 
 Sasa Zorovic - Oppenheimer : Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from the line of Tim Fox with Deutsche Bank. 
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Thank you, good afternoon. Could you discuss a little bit the new design seat license revenue? Last year at the Analyst Day, you broke out a chart showing how quickly that had grown. Again, this year, it sounds like it's about two-thirds of license revenue. Could you talk about where the strength in the new seat license revenue is coming from? Do you think the mix in fiscal '06 turned out to be somewhat similar, in that 2D and 2D LT were the key drivers? Going forward, are you going to be able to continue this north of 30% growth in new seats? Or, are we going to start to see that slow down a bit? 
Carol Bartz: You know, really Tim, it pretty much mirrored the growth of divisions. If you look at the various division growths, B&C grew the fastest. They have the most new seats. I mean, it really is pretty much even steven throughout the divisions as far as new seat penetration. There doesn't seem to be an indication to have us change our concept that two-thirds of the revenue will be new from new seats. It's been very stable, I think the fourth year in a row -- and I would repeat that, fourth year in a row -- of putting fantastic new products out in the second month of the fiscal year, of course, really enables the excitement so I don't see this changing at all. There's nothing on the horizon that tells us that's going to change. There's so much happening in building information modeling, as Al said, in the structural world. The building solutions. Then you move to we are at the beginning of 3D in the infrastructure world. So there isn't any reason to believe that's going to change at all. 
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Okay. A question for Al. You have hit 90% gross margins here in the quarter. I was wondering if you could characterize where you are in the set of productivity initiatives that you had laid out a few years ago? What and sort of what inning are we in at this point? 
Al Castino: We've made very good progress in the past few years. The gross margins were in the low 80s a few years ago, and now we hit 90% in current quarter. In terms of the productivity initiatives looking forward and where are we in them, I would say we're in the fourth or fifth inning. We still have a lot of stuff we can do. Some of these are things that can't be done overnight, but they will continue to generate productivity gains for us in the next several years. We will use that to help us make the investments while we keep the operating margins moving at a healthy clip too. So there's still a lot more we can do, and we have some very good things in progress that will bear fruit over the next couple of years. 
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Lastly, could you characterize what it was that prompted you to raise your revenue outlook for the year? I know obviously it was five quarters out when you gave the last guidance. Was there any particular thing i.e. a subscription attach rate, or the strength in 3D, that prompted you to take your guidance up? 
Carol Bartz: I'd say one of the things -- and my colleagues can answer here -- if you recall in November when we gave guidance, the dollar still looked like it was in an uphill surge. It had come on so fast and it wasn't clear to us where it was going to stop. At the time, we had talked about 3 points and that happened really over 60 days, not even. If that had moved another 2, 3 points on us -- it wasn't clear to us what was happening. So if you take that; if you take the fact that, yes, we are a quarter closer, we did see exactly how strong new seats were in Q4, so there's room for upgrades, more in Q1. We are just feeling better. 
Tim Fox - Deutsche Bank: Very good. Thank you.
Sue Pirri: Operator, we have time for one more.
Operator: Your last question is from Israel Hernandez with Lehman Brothers. 
Israel Hernandez - Lehman Brothers : Good afternoon and congratulations on a solid quarter, everyone. My question was just asked, with respect to the gross margin opportunity. Perhaps you could talk a little bit about the media and entertainment division, and with The Street, the last couple of quarters not necessarily up to par. How quickly do you think you can get that to ramp in fiscal '07, and what needs to happen there for you to get the performance that you want out of that business? 
Carol Bartz: The biggest issue is we really -- I mean, we actually feel very good about being able to pull this transition off, because you literally are moving price points down, which is important to do for the customer; putting them on an open systems platform; but you're doing all that, and having to absorb a revenue loss from the lower ASPs. This is clearly a year of transition. In fact next year, we were talking -- we will have great comps.  It's just an issue of not how good the products are, because the customers like the product. It's just changing from an SGI workstation to a PC Linux base is desirable, but you don't do it in a month. Every customer has to have their own plans of how they are putting their Linux farms together, and how people are going to collaborate differently. I mean, it's very clear that's what they're after. That's why we're doing it, but you just don't throw a switch. 
Israel Hernandez - Lehman Brothers : Great. I think last quarter, there was a little bit of a sales execution issue there. Has that been resolved to your satisfaction at this point? 
Carol Bartz: Yes. As I mentioned in the remarks, the interesting bright spot was that the U.S. was up 15% in systems revenue. We got the people hired early enough, and got that back on track. That really was a one-spot deal. 
Al Castino: The other thing I want to point out though is that you refer to the M&E division and there's really two different stories here. Carol has been talking about the systems part of the business, but the animation business is on a roll. It grew in the high teens, and we picked up some great salespeople from Alias. We feel really good about that business. Animation is a very different picture within that division than that Linux systems business. 
Israel Hernandez - Lehman Brothers : Great. Thank you.
Operator: I would now like to turn the call back over to management for closing statements. 
Sue Pirri: Well, we'd like to thank you all for joining us. If you have questions, please feel free to give us a call this afternoon. We'll be available to answer questions and talk to you about the quarter. Thanks. 
Operator: Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This concludes the presentation. You may now disconnect. Have a good day.
