===== 2025 Q1  (2025-05-02 10:00:00) =====
Andrew Kirk: Thank you, and good morning. On the call with me today are Marty Lyons, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Moehn, our Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; as well as other members of the Ameren management team. This call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today’s live broadcast and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. We have posted a presentation on the amereninvestors.com homepage that will be referenced by our speakers. As noted on Page 2 of the presentation, comments made during this conference call may contain statements about future expectations, plans, projections, financial performance and similar matters, which are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Please refer to the forward-looking statements section in the news release we issued yesterday as well as our SEC filings for more information about the various factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. Now here’s Marty, who will start on Page 4.
Marty Lyons: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone. I will begin on Page 4. At Ameren, we remain steadfastly committed to our strategic plan, which continues to drive value for our customers, communities and shareholders. Our focus is clear, deliver reliable, affordable energy while making prudent investments in energy infrastructure. In the first quarter of 2025, we made great strides. Key energy infrastructure investments are enhancing the reliability and resiliency of the system for our 2.5 million electric customers and more than 900,000 natural gas customers across our service territory, ensuring they have the energy they need when they need it and facilitating economic growth in the communities we serve. Today, we’ll provide an update on first quarter performance and how execution of our strategic objectives outlined on this slide are translating into tangible benefits for customers, communities and shareholders. Let’s get started with details on our financial progress this quarter, which I will cover on Page 5. Yesterday, we announced first quarter 2025 earnings of $1.07 per share compared to adjusted earnings of $1.02 per share in the first quarter of 2024. The key drivers of these results are outlined on this slide. We continue to expect 2025 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $4.85 per share and $5.05 per share. Moving to Page 6. On our call in February, I highlighted some of our top priorities for 2025 as we invest strategically to benefit customers, enhance regulatory frameworks and optimize business processes. The Ameren team’s efforts during the first quarter have already begun to yield positive results, as you can see on Page 7. Starting off, ongoing investments continue to improve the reliability, resiliency, safety and efficiency of service for customers while facilitating and contributing to economic growth. And as we look ahead, more will be required. In February, we filed our analysis with the Missouri Public Service Commission, or MoPSC, supporting a change to Ameren Missouri’s preferred resource plan which calls for significant investments in dispatchable natural gas and renewable generation resources as well as battery storage to ensure reliable service for our customers over the next decade. Enabling such investments requires collaborative efforts among key stakeholders, and we believe regulatory and legislative results this year in Missouri demonstrate a commitment to fostering a constructive environment for investment, which will allow Ameren Missouri to continue to attract capital on favorable terms in order to facilitate economic growth in the state. In April, the Missouri Commission approved a constructive settlement in our electric rate review that supports necessary grid reliability investments, while also maintaining customer rates that are well below national and Midwest averages. And in April, the Missouri General Assembly and Governor enacted comprehensive energy legislation signaling that investment in the state’s utility infrastructure is valued and paving the way for significant economic development within our communities and further job creation. We’re excited about the prospects for growth in Missouri and remain committed to creating lasting value for our customers, communities and shareholders through our strategic investments. Before moving on, I’d like to express my sincere appreciation to our Ameren team members who work safely and efficiently to reliably serve our customers, especially in extreme weather conditions like the cold wintery conditions we experienced in January and the wet windy, and tornadic conditions we experienced in March. And it’s worth noting that the grid hardening investments we have made in recent years performed exceptionally well, considering the severity of the storms. So far in 2025, we have prevented more than 114,000 customer outages through smart switching during major storms, equivalent to more than 30 million outage minutes avoided. For context, this means that our investments in smart technology have prevented more customer outages this quarter alone than in any full year since we began tracking these statistics in 2021. We continue to focus on optimizing our operations to deliver safe, reliable, resilient and affordable energy to our customers. Now moving to Page 8, where we provide more in terms of the Missouri legislative update. In April, the Governor signed Senate Bill 4, a wide-ranging energy bill into law. This bill includes multiple provisions that will support our ability to continue to meet the needs of our customers and maintain the state as an affordable and attractive place to do business. Some of the key provisions of Senate Bill 4 include expansion and extension of plant-in-service accounting, or PISA, a modified integrated resource planning, or IRP process, which accelerates generation project review and requires the Missouri Public Service Commission decision, authority for the commission to grant construction work in progress for qualifying generation investments and authority for the commission to approve use of a forward test year for our Missouri natural gas business. By extending PISA for another seven years through 2035 and expanding PISA to include new natural gas generation, our regulatory framework will continue to support investment in reliable energy for years to come better positioning Ameren Missouri future needs of our customers and communities. Importantly, PISA’s extension and expansion and the modified IRP process are expected to help key stakeholders align more quickly on generation needs and provide more certainty around future investment plans, enhancing our speed to deploy new resources for customers and communities. Turning to Page 9 for an update on the economic development opportunities. Our team is focused on doing all we can from an energy perspective to facilitate growth in our communities. We serve a diverse regional economy that spans multiple sectors, including manufacturing, aviation and defense, food and beverage and biotechnology, among others. In the first quarter, we successfully supported nearly a dozen projects, which will bring over $700 million of capital investment from these businesses and over 1,000 jobs across both states. In Missouri, we continue to expect approximately 5.5% compound annual sales growth from 2025 through 2029, primarily driven by increasing data center demand. Further supporting our growth opportunities, we now have signed construction agreements with data center developers representing a total of approximately 2.3 gigawatts of future demand, up 500 megawatts from our earnings call in February. These developers have demonstrated their confidence and commitment by submitting nonrefundable payments totaling $26 million towards the cost of necessary transmission upgrades. Subject to agreement on rate structure, potential large load customers would sign separate electric service agreements which would specify expected ramp-up schedules among other terms. We continue to expect to file for approval of the proposed rate structure with the MoPSC in the second quarter. While there’s no deadline for commission approval, we are optimistic that we’ll receive a decision and have an effective rate structure before the end of the year. We’re committed to working closely with regulators, customers and stakeholders to ensure we meet the evolving needs in our service territory in a responsible and sustainable manner. Our balanced approach to generation laid out in our IRP ensures reliable service to our customers, while also providing energy to serve rising customer demand and to support economic growth in our communities. On Page 10, we provide a brief update on the 1,200 megawatts of new generation currently under development at Ameren Missouri. These projects remain on schedule and on budget. Notably, we’ve executed contracts to acquire all eight turbines and other long lead time materials needed for our next two simple cycle natural gas energy centers expected to be in service in 2027 and 2028. Further, for solar energy centers under construction, including Vandalia, Bowling Green and Split Rail, nearly all imported equipment needed to execute the projects was in the U.S. prior to the April 2 trade tariff announcements, thereby limiting possible exposure to higher costs associated with announced tariffs on materials imported. We continue to monitor the dynamic tariff situation and work diligently to deliver cost-effective energy resources for our customers. Finally, we expect to file additional certificate of convenience and necessity requests with the commission in the coming months with respect to planned investments in gas generation, solar generation and battery storage. Moving to Page 11 for an update on MISO’s long-range transmission planning portfolios. We’re focused on developing proposals for the Tranche 2.1 long-range transmission planning competitive projects. We will evaluate each bidding opportunity carefully and submit bids for projects where we believe we have a competitive advantage with project design, cost and execution to deliver value for customers in the MISO region. The bid process for the $6.5 billion of competitive projects in the portfolio will take place over this year and next. Further, MISO continues its future scenario redesign efforts, which consider growing demand for energy and the effects of changing resource planning across the region. We’re actively engaged in this analysis with MISO and other transmission owners and expect MISO to issue its final report on the future redesign by the end of the year. Given this time frame, we’d expect work on the identification of Tranche 2.2 projects, which will address further transmission needs in the MISO region to commence as early as December 2025. Moving to Page 12. Looking ahead over the next decade, we have a robust pipeline of investment opportunities of more than $63 billion that will deliver significant value to all of our stakeholders by making our energy grid stronger, smarter and cleaner and powering economic growth in our communities, bringing significant tax base and jobs. Moving to Page 13. In February, we updated our five-year growth plan, which included our expectation of a 6% to 8% compound annual earnings growth rate from 2025 through 2029. This earnings growth is primarily driven by strong compound annual rate base growth of 9.2%, supported by strategic allocation of infrastructure investment to each of our business segments based on their regulatory frameworks. We expect to deliver strong long-term earnings and dividend growth, resulting in an attractive total return. I’m confident in our ability to execute our investment plans and strategies across all four of our business segments as we have an experienced and dedicated team to get it done. Again, thank you all for joining us today and for your continued interest in Ameren. I’ll now turn the call over to Michael.
Michael Moehn: Thanks, Marty, and good morning, everyone. Turning now to Page 15 of our presentation. Yesterday, we reported first quarter 2025 earnings of $1.07 per share compared to adjusted earnings of $1.02 per share for the first quarter of 2024. The key factors that drove the increase are highlighted by segment on this page. Our infrastructure investments to strengthen the energy grid and to provide more energy resources to serve our customers continue to be the primary driver of earnings growth across the company. Further, the economic outlook for our service territories remain strong. In fact, over the 12 trailing months ended in March, Ameren Missouri’s total weather-normalized retail sales have increased by approximately 3% compared to the year ago period. We’ve seen continued strategic wins that highlight the strength of our service territory. Notably, Boeing was recently awarded The Next Generation Air Dominance contract by the federal government valued at least $20 billion. Boeing’s ongoing St. Louis campus expansion to support this contract and other defense work is expected to create a significant number of new jobs and manufacturing work and reaffirms their commitment to the St. Louis community. In addition to aerospace, we’re seeing growth in other sectors of our regional economy such as health care, education services and mining. Turning to Page 16, I’ll provide an update on our 2024 Ameren Missouri’s rate review. In April, the Missouri PSC approved a constructive stipulation and agreement for $355 million annual revenue increase. As our fifth consecutive settlement of electric revenue requirements in the state, this agreement continues our strong track record of achieving win-win results for our customers, communities and shareholders. The agreement does not specify certain details, including return on equity, capital structure or rate base. The agreement provides for the continuation of key trackers and riders, including the fuel adjustment clause. New rates will be effective on June 1. Importantly, new electric rates are expected to remain well below national and Midwest averages. Moving to Page 17. As we think about the remainder of the year, we remain confident in our 2025 guidance range and continue to expect earnings to be in the range of $4.85 to $5.05 per share, and we remain focused on delivering at the midpoint or higher. Here, we have provided the expected quarterly earnings impacts from our 2024 Missouri rate review for the remainder of the year. I encourage you to take these supplemental earnings drivers into consideration as you develop your expectations for quarterly earnings results for the balance of the year. Before moving on, I want to take a moment to discuss the trade tariffs recently proposed by the current administration. As Marty discussed, we have a robust capital spending plans in 2025 and the years ahead to meet critical customer needs. Our sourcing practices are designed to ensure we have materials where we need them and when we need them at competitive prices. In light of uncertainties associated with the tariffs, we are closely examining potential impacts on our capital budget. However, as we said here today, we expect any impact to be very manageable. We will continue to navigate the developing environment to ensure we remain well positioned to execute on our projects on time and as affordably as possible for our customers. Turning to Page 18, we’ll provide a financing update. We continue to feel very good about our financial position and made excellent progress to date on our 2025 financing plan. In March, Ameren Illinois issued $350 million of 5.625% first mortgage bonds due 2055 and Ameren Parent issued $750 million of 5.375% senior unsecured notes due 2035. In April, Ameren Missouri issued $500 million of 5.25% first mortgage bonds due 2035. To date, we have completed over 80% of our debt financings for the year. Also, we continue to systematically layer in hedges to mitigate interest rate exposure with respect to planned future parent debt issuances. Further, in order for us to support our credit ratings and maintain a strong balance sheet while we fund a robust infrastructure plan, we expect to issue approximately $600 million of common equity in 2025. We have sold forward approximately $535 million of equity under our at-the-market or ATM program, consisting of approximately 5.8 million shares, which we expect to issue near the end of this year. And we expect the remainder of our equity needs for the year to be issued under our dividend reinvestment and employee benefit plans. Having utilized most of the capacity available under our existing equity sales distribution program, we expect to increase the program capacity in the coming months to enable additional sales to support equity needs in 2026 and beyond. We’ll continue to be thoughtful about our approach to executing our equity plan. On the balance sheet front, in April, S&P affirmed our BBB+ credit rating, and we expect Moody’s to issue its annual credit opinion update later this month. As we said before, we value our current ratings, and we continue to target credit metrics at or above agency published downgrade thresholds. On Page 19, we provide an update on Illinois Regulatory Matters. Earlier this week, Ameren Illinois requested a $61 million revenue adjustment as part of the annual performance-based rate reconciliation proceeding under the electric multiyear rate plan. This adjustment reflects 2024 actual cost, actual year-end rate base and return on equity and common equity ratios established in the multiyear rate plan. And the Illinois Commerce Commission, or ICC, decision is expected by mid-December and rates reflecting the approved reconciliation adjustment will be effective by January 2026. Before moving on, I’d like to briefly discuss the MISO planning resource auction that took place earlier this week for the upcoming June 2025 through May 2026 planning year. Importantly, there are adequate resources able to maintain reliability across all zones and seasons. That said, new capacity additions did not keep pace with reduced accreditation, suspensions and retirements of generation and slightly reduced imports, which resulted in a notable increase in capacity prices for June through August 2025 in all MISO zones. The results reinforce the need to invest in new regional generation capacity as demand is expected to continue to grow with new large load customer additions and as we expect continued retirement of existing generation. That said, annualized capacity pricing for Zone 5 located in Missouri moderated since the prior year’s auction, due in part to its strategic infrastructure investments in the energy grids, transmission capabilities and generation resources. Changes in energy and capacity prices do not materially affect our earnings for Ameren Missouri or Ameren Illinois as they’re passed on to customers with no markup. In Zone 4, some of our Ameren Illinois customers will see increases in the energy supply component of their bill for the summer months. That will ultimately depend on if they are taking supply services from Ameren Illinois or the terms of their contract with another supplier. Notably, we would expect prices to return to pre-auction levels in October. We remain actively engaged in discussions with key stakeholders to develop long-term solutions to benefit of our Illinois customers by ensuring system reliability, promoting regional generation development and maintaining affordability while supporting the transition to cleaner energy in the state. We will continue to support our customers and communities by connecting them with bill assistance programs and resources where needed. Turning to Page 20. Our Illinois natural gas rate review remains in progress with intervenor and direct testimony expected next week. An ICC decision is expected by early December, with new rates effective later that month. In summary, turning to Page 21, we’re off to a strong start in 2025, and we’re well positioned to continue executing our strategic plan, which will drive consistent superior value for all of our stakeholders. We continue to expect strong earnings per share growth driven by robust rate base growth, disciplined cost management and a strong customer growth pipeline. As we said before, we have the right strategy, the right team and the right culture to capitalize on these opportunities and to create value for our customers and our shareholders. We believe this growth will compare favorably with the growth of our peers. Further, Ameren shares [ph] continued to offer investors an attractive dividend. In total, we have an attractive total shareholder return story. That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi good morning.
Marty Lyons: Good morning, Jeremy. Just wanted to start off with the additions as you laid out there. It seems like a lot of activity percolating. And just wanted to see the $350 million [ph] that you referenced there, I just want to make sure that’s separate from the 2.3 gigawatt referenced? Or I just wanted to kind of clarify that point in the outlook there.
Michael Moehn: Hey Jeremy, good morning, it’s Michael. So again, I think the incremental change is 1.8 gigawatt to 2.3 gigawatt. So we signed an additional 500 megawatts under construction agreements related to data centers. And so when you think about that 1.8 gigawatts that we had in the fourth quarter of last year, I mean, that was inclusive of that 350 megawatts. So hopefully, that’s clear. So it’s an incremental 500 megawatts between where we were at the fourth quarter.
Jeremy Tonet: Okay. Got it. And then just wondering if you could expand a bit more, I guess, as these additions continue how that looks for the need for new generation here compounds, I guess, some of the factors that you laid out earlier, just – any other thoughts would be helpful.
Marty Lyons: Yes, Jeremy, this is Marty. Again, thanks for joining us. When we think about the 2.3 gigawatts of data center load growth and you think about it in terms of the sales growth that we’ve laid out, it just gives us greater confidence in some of the sales growth estimates that we’ve provided. And when you went back and you look at the slide that we provided, I think it was Slide 9. We show there is an expectation of 5.5% compound annual sales growth in Missouri, and that is foundational, of course, to the resource plan that we filed, but also that resource plan that we filed has the generation that’s capable of supplying up to that 2 gigawatts of low growth by 2030, that’s shown in the green shaded area on that slide. And we think about this 2.3 gigawatts of data center construction agreements, again, just gives us greater confidence with respect to that sales growth. Now what we’re going to be working on here as we mentioned in our prepared remarks is, we’re going to be filing with the commission a rate construct for these large load customers here in the second quarter. And then we’re going to be working to develop service agreements with the hyperscalers that would use and others that would use these data centers. We expect these customers would sign these separate agreements and amongst other things, those agreements would lay out the ramp-up schedule, minimum load obligations and things like that. With that, we’ll get greater clarity in terms of the ramp-up schedule for these data centers. But if you sign 2.3 gigawatts of construction agreements, for example, you could still have at or less than 2 gigawatts of sales by 2032 depending upon the ramp-up schedule. So we’ll get greater clarity over time. But I think the 2.3 gigawatts certainly gives us greater confidence with respect to the sales growth. And of course, our IRP is tied to our plans. Now, I will say that as the interest in data centers grow, as we continue to explore avenues to provide incremental – incremental generation if needed, but feel like the generation plans that we laid out in that IRP would be adequate to serve this 2.3 gigawatts of load as we see it today.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That’s very helpful there. Thanks. I just wanted to go back to the IRA, if you could, and, there’s a lot of uncertainty at this point. But in the market, there’s a lot of attention on transferability if there were any changes there if that was taken away, I guess, the impacts that might have on your plan or how you think about potential offsets there as needed?
Marty Lyons: Yes, Jeremy, we’ll kind of tag team that. It’s certainly a really timely question. As you’ve seen in the press, [indiscernible] is expected to start marking up legislation in the next week or so. And Congress as a whole, I know wants to have a bill on the President’s desk by July 4. So a lot of work to be done here in the near term. So we’re going to see in the coming weeks where compromise can be reached on the tax credits and of course, other important provisions that will be in that legislation for our customers. And really, that’s the key here. I think these tax credits are all about being able to build the generation resources our customers need in the near term at an affordable cost. For us, based on that IRP that I just referred to earlier, which as you know, sort of incorporates in all of the above portfolio of resources, calls for more gas, solar, wind, batteries and eventually, nuclear. And so those tech neutral tax credits, they’re estimated to deliver a little over $2 billion of customer bill savings to our customers over the next 10 years based on that IRP. And that value, of course, doesn’t accrue to shareholders. Those credits reduced customer rates. So maintaining the credits as long as we can, let’s say, into the early 2030s, with Safe Harbor provisions and transferability would be really great for our customers. And the transferability you mentioned is really key. We use that provision today to sell the credits as they’re earned and then pass that cash on to customers. And I see it as the credits and the transferability really go hand-in-hand and are really key to that affordability picture. And so that’s what our – that’s what we’ve been advocating for, when I’ve been in D.C., it’s what our industry is advocating for and what others in D.C. are advocating for. And so look, as we look out over the next few weeks, the sausage making may not be pretty. Congress has a lot to balance in terms of their priorities. But I still remain optimistic we’ll get to a reasonable resolution based on the fact that this is really about – all about energy reliability for our customers, energy dominance, if you will, and customer energy prices. And I think that’s really key at the end of the day. But I’ll let Michael chime in further in terms of our specific plans.
Michael Moehn: Yes. Thanks, Marty, that’s a great overview, and I share Marty’s optimism. This ends up ultimately in a good spot. I think, Jeremy, a couple of things just to keep in mind, I mean, we talked about this before. I mean, we come into this in a position of strength, right? I mean I think our balance sheet is probably one of the stronger in the industry. And so that’s given us a great deal of flexibility. I think as we laid out on our fourth quarter call, we’re averaging about $300 million per year over this five-year plan with respect to credits. And I think the thing that gets a bit nuanced is, I think even in some of the discussions that are going on in D.C., it’s – a lot of this is already associated with projects that are in service or have been safe harbor. And so gets even further nuance down from there. But I mean, you take, for example, 2025, I think we have about, I don’t know, a little less than $300 million worth of credits. So we’ve already realized more than half of that this year, and then we’ll probably realize the rest of that over the next couple of months. But if you kind of go through scenarios and try to parse some of that back, look, I feel good about this. I think it’s manageable at the end of the day, I mean even without those credits. I mean you’re going to end up with higher rate base, obviously. Unfortunately, you’re going to have higher prices for customers. But I do think the cash flow piece is manageable, I think over that kind of 2025 through 2027 time period, kind of where we’re focused on with the rating agencies. We’re at or above that downgrade threshold over that period of time. So we just completed our review with S&P over the last couple of weeks. They again reaffirmed our BBB+ just sit in a really strong position with respect to them. They’re downgrade threshold. Just as a reminder, is 13%. We’ve got quite a bit of cushion over that as well. So again, I feel like we’ve got a lot of flexibility. Again, I share Marty’s optimism. I think this thing lands hopefully in an okay spot. But I think either way, we’re able to work around this in a manageable way.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Thank you for the thoughts. No one likes the sausage making. Thanks.
Marty Lyons: All right.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, hi, good morning. It’s Brian Russo [ph] on for Julien. How are you?
Marty Lyons: Great, Brian, Good to have you.
Unidentified Analyst: Just to follow up on the transferability question, the $300 million per year of tax credit monetization manageable. How technically, would you offset that? I think you’ve got an FFO to debt target of 17% every year. Could that be done without additional equity to offset the $300 million? Is there another way for you to accomplish that?
Michael Moehn: Absolutely. I mean, look, again, as I sit here today, what I just said before, I do think this is really manageable. I think even without these credits. And again, it’s – I think you got to get into how much really go away, right? Because I think there is a piece associated with stuff that’s already in service, stuff it’s safe harbor. I really think those probably stay. And even ultimately, if some of that stuff would go away, which seems to be a really draconian way to look at it, I still think it’s manageable without issuing additional equity, again, I think over that three-year period, we’re averaging it right at that downgrade threshold. And look, we continue to advocate with Moody’s, in particular, that downgrade threshold probably should come down too as well. When we look at a couple of our peers, we made some arguments around that, that we think given all the progress that we’ve continued to make regulatorily, legislatively in Missouri, got things stabilized in Illinois that we’re being held to a higher standard, which I think also would give some flexibility. So – but we’ll see where they ultimately go on all of that at the end of the day. But even without that, again, we feel very good about the financing plan that we have in place.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Great. And then on the PRP with Smart Plan, I mean, how confident are you on the time line that’s proposed and then the total cost of the $16.2 billion, it’s a diversified mix of like you said, renewables, gas and battery tariffs and obviously, a lot of macro uncertainty, the tariffs and supply chain. Just wanted to get your thoughts on your materials or major equipment type of procurement ahead of the ramp-up in spend?
Michael Moehn: Yes. This is Michael, again, Brian. Yes. Look, we feel great about our plan. I think we’ve talked about this over the past year. So with respect to those two gas turbines that we have in our plan, I mean we took some early action to put contracts in place with respect to the long lead time material and just recognizing the tightness that was getting there in the market. We’ve made payments in excess of $100 million to that supplier to make sure those are secured, feel good about the progress that’s being made there, construction started really on both sides. I think the teams feel very good, not hearing anything from the vendor that causes us any concern at all with respect to those gas turbines. Now we’re turning really our focus to the combined cycle that’s out there in the kind of 2032 time frame. And I think we’ll probably be in a position by the end of this year to have some contracts in place there as well. So that will give us even further confidence. From a renewable standpoint, I think we had a slide in there that talked about 400 megawatts of different projects from a solar perspective. Team has been just super aggressive about getting material on site for all of those projects. I feel very good about avoiding tariffs, most of that – those cells, et cetera, are in the U.S., either on site or they’re in warehouses, et cetera. Construction is well underway. Again, feel very good about what we see over the next few years. We’ll have to continue to kind of work around all these tariff issues. But at the present moment, we feel very good about the construction schedule.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. And then just lastly on your Missouri regulatory strategy, a constructive rate case settlement and with accelerating load growth ramping up in 2026 and beyond. And now with SB 4 support, do you see the cadence of your rate case filings changing? And then a follow-on to that would just be kind of the earned returns that you expect in Missouri now. I think historically, it’s been more of a step-up in terms of lag relative to when you get new rates and just curious there.
Michael Moehn: Yes, you bet. Again, I think the overall settlement, as you just noted, it was constructive. I think I noted in my remarks. I think it’s the fifth one. And so again, I think it’s a win-win for both customers and shareholders. And I think it’s just a reflection of, I think, all the progress that we’ve continued to make both regulatorily and legislatively in Missouri. And then obviously, as Marty went through some of the aspects of Senate Bill 4, again, I think it’s something is incrementally positive to how we think about regulatory lag. Our focus has always been earning as close to that allowed as possible. Mark Birk and the team continue to do a great job there. They’re very mindful of cost, very mindful of the regulatory cycle and getting things in service at the right times. As you noted, I mean, we’ve been on, I’d say, about every kind of two-year cadence. We’re always looking to try to stretch that out as far as we can. But just given the overall kind of super cycle of capital that we’re in, it’s hard to do that even with PISA. You really have to go in and kind of freshen up rates over a couple of years. Look, I think we’ll continue to step back as we – as Marty went through some of the data center opportunities and growth – we’ll evaluate that. I mean it gives us some more flexibility obviously, we want to do that. A lot will depend sort of on the ramp schedules, et cetera, when this stuff comes into place. As long as you can ever stand in Missouri as four years because of the FAC. So at some place between that two- and four-year cycle, but that’s sort of what’s on our mind on how we kind of think about it today.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Michael Moehn: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carly Davenport with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Carly Davenport: Hey, good morning. Thanks so much for taking the questions today. Maybe to start, just as we think about the macro environment and the higher degree of uncertainty, is there anything that you’re seeing or hearing from your customers, particularly on the commercial or industrial side giving any early indications of any potential pockets of slowdown or changes in plans for future load?
Michael Moehn: Hey, good morning, Carly. This is Michael. No, not at all. I mean I think even I tried to note this in the remarks, if you kind of step back and it’s difficult when you’re kind of looking on a quarter-by-quarter basis. But if you look at the last trailing 12 months, I mean, the overall growth has still been very, very strong. I noted 3%, it’s across all classes. Again, residential up 1%, commercial up a little bit less, and then industrial it’s a strong 2%. So seeing growth in all areas that’s coming off of a strong year, as we noted in 2024, we ended up 2% there as well. Again, I noted the Boeing opportunity, which I think is tremendous for the country, tremendous for St. Louis, State of Missouri in terms of that F-47 being built here. I think it’s got a lot of long-term benefits. Marty noted a number of other industries [indiscernible]. Folks seem to be kind of weathering the storm, if you will, Marty, and anything to add from your perspective?
Marty Lyons: No, that’s exactly right. I would just say when we look ahead at the sales growth opportunities we have, really, the big thing driving that is this potential data center load hyperscaler interest. And that interest is just continued evidence, obviously, by the 500 megawatts of additional [Technical Difficulty]
Carly Davenport: Hey sorry, the line cut out there for a second. Sorry, can you guys still hear me?
Marty Lyons: Yes. We can now, yes.
Michael Moehn: Hopefully, you can hear us.
Carly Davenport: Great. I missed the last maybe 10 to 15 seconds, Marty of your kind of...
Michael Moehn: It was really important.
Carly Davenport: I know you started out on the data center piece and then I lost you for the last bit there.
Marty Lyons: Yes. Sorry about that. Yes, I was just underscoring that with respect to – because I know there have been some questions out in the market about the hyperscaler interest in data centers. And I just want to underscore, we’re still having very positive, constructive conversations there and moving forward at a steady pace. It’s underscored by obviously the 500 megawatts of additional construction agreements we had signed. But I know your question was about the overall economy, but when we look at some of the sales growth ahead, obviously, foundational to that is this data center demand is hyperscaler interest. And that continues to be just sort of rock solid in terms of how we’re moving forward with those conversations.
Carly Davenport: Great. Thank you for running back through that. Appreciate it. And then maybe just a quick follow-up on the broader capital plan. I know you had some high-level comments in the prepared-on tariffs being manageable. Is there any quantification you can provide on the exposure of the overall capital plan to tariffs? And if there’s any particular vertical that maybe is driving that exposure?
Michael Moehn: You bet. Yes. I mean I think when you kind of step back and look at the overall plan. I mean, just think about it in terms of the $26 billion so Carly, from that, about 65% is labor related, right? So we’re not talking about any tariffs with respect to that at the moment. So 35% is sort of on the material side. And then from there, historically, about 85% or so of that is domestically sourced. I mean the team has really done a nice job over the years developing a kind of a robust, diverse supply chain. So, I feel very, very good about that as we kind of look through where we potentially have some exposure, I think on average, we think over that $26 billion, it could be about 2%. And that’s really before any mitigation and the team will continue to look at it. Most of that’s going to be honestly tied up through some of the battery projects where we haven’t made final decisions yet. The team is kind of working through some final RFP pieces this year. And I think there’s some ability to pivot if we need to, to have some more of that domestically sourced. But also, we may decide to leave it there at the end of the day, if it makes more sense from a reliability standpoint. The quality of the product, et cetera. So again, that 2%, I think, is a very manageable number, I mean, it’s on top of that $26 billion plan that’s over that five years. These are capital projects that we’re talking about. Again, I think we’ll look for ways to try to mitigate that. I don’t want to minimize. Every dollar matters here, right? We don’t want to pass on any more costs than we absolutely have to. So the team will continue to look for ways to pivot and try to bring that down wherever possible. But I think at the highest level, the number is fairly manageable. Hopefully, that gives you some context.
Carly Davenport: That’s really helpful. Thank you so much for the time.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Paul Fremont with Ladenburg Thalmann. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Fremont: Thank you very much. I guess is there a cost estimate just on the Castle Bluff 800-megawatt plant now that you procure the turbines?
Michael Moehn: Yes. I think $900 million is the number that I think we may be disclosed in the end of the fourth quarter. So I still feel good about that estimate even as we’ve kind of gone through and freshened up everything from a contract perspective.
Paul Fremont: Great. And then if you were to choose to build additional gas fire generation, do you have a sense of what the cost would be and how long it would take for you to line up the equipment?
Michael Moehn: Well, we do have that other 800-megawatt gas plant that’s in the plan there, the following year. And again, I’ve made some previous comments about this. And again, we have secured the turbines there, we feel good about it. I’d say the costs were a little bit higher, but generally in the range. And more importantly, just feel good about being able to get the project done in that time frame from a reliability standpoint. And then the next one out there is this combined cycle plant, and I alluded to this a couple of minutes ago. I mean the team is in active RFP process and the moment going through and looking at potential turbine vendors, et cetera. And so we’ll have that locked down, I would say, by the end of this year. And so look, obviously, you’re seeing some tightness in the market. We’ll see what that ultimately produces from a cost perspective. but very focused on getting this generation online and the time frame that we’ve laid out there because of all the things that Marty talked about from the data center economic development, just general reliability perspective.
Paul Fremont: Great. Thank you very much.
Michael Moehn: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Paz with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
David Paz: Hi, good morning. Thanks for the time.
Michael Moehn: Hey, David.
David Paz: Hey just, I guess, quickly, just as – and I appreciate the update thorough as always. But as you stand today, do you see your EPS growth in the second half of your planning period towards that upper end of 6% to 8%.
Marty Lyons: The answer is yes. David, it does. No change there. as we talked about on our year-end call, certainly, we’ve given guidance of 6% to 8% EPS CAGR for 2025 to 2029. In the short-term, we expect to be at or above the midpoint and meaning this year and next year. But as we see some of this load tick up, which we expect to see that load growth in late 2026 and into 2027, as we talked about in February, we have some of this big CapEx that’s in our IRP that Michael just talked about goes into service in 2027, 2028, it goes into rate base. In those periods, yes, we expect to deliver near the upper end of the range in that middle to latter part of that five-year plan. And so – and look, I’m pleased with the performance this quarter. We talked about the additional construction agreements for data centers, which is giving us added confidence with respect to some of that load growth that we’re seeing. I’ll be honest with you, David. I was just pleased overall with the company’s performance here in the first quarter. I think the Ameren team did a great job making progress on a lot of the strategic goals that we had set for ourselves in Q1 and additionally performed very well operationally despite some weather challenges. And obviously, we delivered solid earnings and growth over last year. So real pleased about all that. We covered a lot of that in prepared remarks, so I won’t tick through at all. But the key is that those things, like the IRP filing, like the constructive rate review settlement in Missouri, Senate Bill 4 in Missouri, the financings that our team completed in this quarter, both debt and equity financings the incremental data center construction agreements, all of the ongoing cost management across the company and the business process improvement efforts that we’ve got underway, all of these things give me greater optimism about the future and confidence that we’re going to be able to invest and grow our economies and deliver great value for our customers, communities and shareholders. So as I sit here today, I think we had a very strong quarter and feel very good about the guidance that we provided back in February.
David Paz: Great. That’s good to hear. Thank you, Marty. Have a good day.
Marty Lyons: You bet, David.
Operator: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I’d now like to turn the call back over to Marty Lyons for closing comments.
Marty Lyons: Great. Well, thank you all for joining us today. We look forward to seeing many of you at the AGA Financial Forum, which is coming up in a few weeks. And with that, thank you. Have a great day and a great weekend.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q4  (2025-02-14 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to Ameren Corporation Fourth Quarter 2024 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Andrew Kirk, Senior Director, Investor Relations and Corporate Modeling for Ameren Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Kirk, you may begin.
Andrew Kirk: Thank you, and good morning. On the call with me today are Marty Lyons, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Moehn, our Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer as well as other members of the Ameren management team. This call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast, and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. We have posted a presentation on the amereninvestors.com homepage that will be referenced by our speakers. As noted on Page 2 of the presentation, comments made during this conference call may contain statements about future expectations, plans, projections, financial performance and similar matters, which are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Please refer to the forward-looking statements section in the news release we issued yesterday as well as our SEC filings for more information about the various factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. Now here's Marty.
Martin Lyons: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. This morning, we will discuss 2024 financial results, recap events and accomplishments and look ahead to 2025 and beyond. What you'll hear is that the Ameren team's collective efforts produced strong results operationally and financially in 2024. And just as important, the team accomplished strategic goals that position our company to provide higher levels of satisfaction for our customers and strong returns for our shareholders in the years ahead. In 2025, we are again set up to deliver strong results, but also to take meaningful steps towards enabling our communities to benefit from significant economic development opportunities. Those opportunities offer direct investment in our states, bringing jobs and incremental tax revenue. And for Ameren, as we discuss our plans today, it means sales growth and the need to accelerate capital investments to meet the energy needs driven by that industrial demand. Starting on Page 4. We continue to be guided by our Three Pillar strategy. To invest in rate-regulated infrastructure, to enhance regulatory frameworks and advocate for responsible energy policy and optimize our operating performance. This strategy has served us well for the last decade and we will remain focused on solid execution year in and year out to maximize value for our customers, communities and shareholders. With that, let me summarize our 2024 performance on Page 5. I'm pleased to say that we accomplished all our key business objectives outlined at this time last year and on this page. Importantly, we strategically invested approximately $4.3 billion in energy infrastructure, secured timely regulatory approvals for future investment and prudently managed our operating costs while delivering reliable energy service. And yesterday, we announced 2024 adjusted earnings of $4.63 per share compared to earnings of $4.38 per share in 2023. This result was above our 2024 adjusted earnings guidance midpoint. Turning to Page 6, which highlights the benefits of the investments we are making for our customers. The successful execution of our strategy continues to drive improved reliability and strong customer service while keeping customer rates low in comparison to the national and Midwest averages. Further, our ongoing infrastructure investments improved grid resilience as demonstrated by the performance of our system during severe winter storms in early January of this year. Despite challenging conditions, our grid improvements prevented over 3.5 million minutes of potential outage time across our service territories in Missouri and Illinois. Importantly, we had no issues on the more than 250 miles of power lines that have already been updated through Ameren Missouri's Smart Energy Plan. On Page 7, we summarize our strong performance for shareholders over time. Our goal, like we said in the past, is to deliver at the midpoint or higher within our earnings guidance range. Our weather-normalized adjusted earnings per share have risen at an approximate 7.6% compound annual growth rate since 2013, while our annual dividends paid per share have increased approximately 68%. This has driven a strong total return of nearly 250% for our shareholders over the same period, which was significantly above utility index averages. Moving to Page 8. As we look to the opportunities ahead, in 2025, our focus will be on continuing to provide safe, reliable service to our customers at competitive rates while bringing additional growth opportunities to our states. We'll do this, first and foremost, by investing approximately $4.2 billion in electric, natural gas and transmission infrastructure to bolster the safety, security, reliability and responsiveness of the energy grid. Further, we're focused on enhancing our generation plans to meet customers' needs, achieving constructive regulatory outcomes and advocating for policies that enhance reliability and resource adequacy as well as attracting new businesses to our communities. As always, while we work to accomplish these objectives, we will remain focused on operating as efficiently and effectively as possible. Moving to Page 9 for an update on our long-term growth outlook. We continue to extract 2025 earnings to be in a range of $4.85 per share to $5.05 per share. The midpoint of this range represents approximately 7% earnings per share growth compared to our adjusted 2024 earnings results. Building on the execution of our strategy and track record of strong earnings growth, we expect to deliver 6% to 8% compound annual earnings per share growth from 2025 through 2029, using the midpoint of our 2025 guidance of $4.95 per share as the base. We're excited about the robust sales growth and energy infrastructure investment opportunities in front of us, which strengthen our confidence in our ability to deliver strong long-term earnings growth. I'll speak more about those things in a moment. In addition to growing earnings per share, last week, Ameren's Board of Directors approved a quarterly dividend increase of approximately 6%, resulting in an annualized dividend rate of $2.84 per share. This represents our 12th consecutive year of increasing our dividend, which reflects continued confidence by Ameren's Board of Directors in our business outlook and management's ability to execute our strategy. Looking ahead, we expect to grow our dividend in line with our long-term earnings per share growth expectations and for our dividend payout ratio to range from 55% to 65% of earnings per share. Combined, these elements support our strong total shareholder return proposition. Turning to Page 10 for more on the foundation of our earnings outlook. Our strong long-term earnings growth expectation is driven by robust rate base growth, reflecting investment in energy infrastructure, included in Ameren Missouri's Smart Energy Plan, which incorporates its Preferred Resource Plan, Ameren Illinois's Multi-Year Rate Plan and projects awarded to Ameren in MISO's long-range transmission planning. Today, we are rolling forward our five-year investment plan. And as you can see, we expect to grow our rate base at a 9.2% compound annual rate from 2024 through 2029. This robust rate base growth is driven by a 20% increase in our five-year capital plan compared to the previous capital plan laid out last February, primarily reflecting accelerated generation needed to serve our updated sales growth expectations. Now turning to Page 11 for more detail on the growth opportunities in Missouri driving the significant increase in our capital plan. We expect tremendous opportunities for economic growth over the next five to seven years. Our region's economy spans multiple sectors from aviation, biotechnology, chemicals, financial services, beverage and food manufacturing, life and plant sciences to health care and logistics and a variety of other manufacturing concerns. And increasingly, it is an attractive location for data centers. Based on our robust economic development pipeline, we are now expecting our weather-normalized retail sales to increase approximately 5.5% compounded annually from 2025 through 2029, compared to our prior plan expectations of flat to up 0.5%. This sales growth expectation is consistent with the notice we filed with the Missouri Public Service Commission of our intention to update our Preferred Resource Plan. That plan assumes approximately 500 megawatts of load growth by the end of 2027, a total of 1 gigawatt by the end of 2029 and 1.5 gigawatts by the end of 2032. Since our third quarter earnings call, we have signed additional construction agreements with data center developers for 1.5 gigawatts of new load to be interconnected to our transmission system, bringing our total to approximately 1.8 gigawatts. These construction agreements are subject to acceptance of a modified industrial tariff under which new customers would receive energy service. Earlier this week, we submitted the necessary transmission load request related to these agreements to MISO for expedited project review and expect approval in April. Further, we are actively working to propose a modified tariff for large industrial customers, including data center customers, and we expect to file for approval of the tariff with the Missouri Public Service Commission by the second quarter. While there's no deadline for commission approval, we are optimistic we'd receive a decision and that the tariff would be in effect before the end of the year. We remain aligned with key stakeholders across the state in our efforts to attract new businesses to the region. Our economic development pipeline beyond our current construction agreements remains robust and we will continue to pursue each opportunity vigorously to maximize value for our customers and communities. As the green shading on our slide indicates, a range of sales growth outcomes could ultimately occur. But based on our planned generation resource build out, we expect to have the capacity to serve 2 gigawatts of new demand by 2032 and even more thereafter. Moving then to Page 12 for an update on Missouri's generation plans. Considering the significant sales growth potential, the lead time needed to construct new generation and other key considerations, Ameren Missouri notified the Missouri PSC that we are changing the Preferred Resource Plan in our September 2023 IRP, which lays out generation, our generation plan for the next 20 years. As mentioned, our new preferred plan is designed to serve 1.5 gigawatts of additional demand by 2032. And as I mentioned, it provides for a range of outcomes. The key objectives of our resource planning remain the same. A balanced mix of resources to provide reliable, lowest cost and cleaner energy for our customers. Our preferred plan calls for acceleration and expansion of natural gas generation and battery storage, acceleration of solar generation investment, potential extension of the life of our Sioux Energy Center by up to three years and investment in additional nuclear generation by 2040. In total, the change in preferred plan represents the addition of 2.3 gigawatts of generation capacity by 2035 and when factoring in updated costs for all planned resources, represents approximately $7 billion of increased investment by 2035 compared to the 2023 IRP. Our execution of this investment plan will lay the foundation for reliable economic expansion in Missouri. For further details on the differences between the Preferred Resource Plan from the 2023 IRP and new 2025 Preferred Resource Plan, see Page 31 of this presentation. Turning to Page 13 for an update on the new generation recently placed in service or under development. This past year was just a start to the robust generation portfolio additions. Three new solar facilities totaling 500 megawatts and representing approximately $1 billion of investment were placed in service during the fourth quarter of 2024 as planned. Combined, the three facilities are expected to generate energy sufficient to power 92,000 homes annually and we continue to execute our IRP. We have another 1,200 megawatts of approved generation currently under construction. And we expect to file a request with the Missouri PSC for approval of additional generation and battery energy storage in the coming months. Moving now to Page 14 for a transmission update. In December, MISO approved a nearly $22 billion Tranche 2.1 portfolio, which is expected to provide significant reliability and capacity benefits for the region. MISO has already selected Ameren to lead $1.3 billion worth of these critical grid infrastructure projects in Missouri and Illinois. The portfolio also includes $6.5 billion of projects, which will be open for competitive bid, of which approximately $1.8 billion are in Illinois. We believe we are well positioned to compete for all these opportunities as we have a strong track record of developing and operating cost effective and high-quality transmission infrastructure. MISO and its transmission owners will continue to assess the current long-range transmission future scenarios to support our region's energy needs in the years ahead. This analysis is expected to be followed by development of the Tranche 2.2 project portfolio. Moving to Page 15 for a legislative update. In January, the Missouri legislative session began. Several bills are currently under consideration, including the Power Predictability and Reliability Act, the Missouri First Transmission Act, proposed modifications to integrated resource planning and the opportunity for future test year regulatory frameworks for natural gas and water utilities. While these bills are at various stages in the legislative process, they collectively demonstrate Missouri's commitment to enabling a reliable and efficient energy future and supporting economic growth and job creation within our communities. Ameren will remain actively engaged with policymakers and key stakeholders in the months ahead to advocate for constructive energy policy. Turning to Page 16 for an update on our 10-year investment pipeline. Looking ahead, we have a robust pipeline of investment opportunities of over $63 billion that will deliver significant value to all of our stakeholders by making our energy grid more reliable, stronger and smarter. In addition, these investments will support many thousands of jobs within our local economies. Of course, constructive energy policies that support robust investment in energy infrastructure will be critical to meeting our region's energy needs and delivering on our customers' expectations. Turning now to Page 17, to sum up our value proposition. We remain convinced that the execution of our strategy in 2025 and beyond will continue to deliver superior value to our customers and shareholders. Our earnings growth expectations are driven by strong compound annual rate base growth of 9.2% and strategic allocation of infrastructure investment to each of our business segments based on their regulatory frameworks. Investment in Ameren presents an attractive opportunity for those seeking a high-quality utility growth story. Combined, our strong long-term 6% to 8% earnings growth plan and an attractive and growing dividend result in a compelling total return story. Further, we have a strong track record of execution and an experienced management team. I'm confident in Ameren's team's ability to execute our investment plans and other elements of our strategy across all four of our business segments. Again, thank you all for joining us today and I'll now turn the call over to Michael.
Michael Moehn: Thanks, Marty, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin on Page 19 of our presentation with our 2024 earnings results. Yesterday, we reported 2024 adjusted earnings of $4.63 per share, compared to earnings of $4.38 per share in 2023. Our 2024 earnings exclude two charges totaling $0.21 per share. The first is related to the NSR settlement approved by the US District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri for the Rush Island Energy Center. The second is related to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission's order on base return on equity. On Page 20, we summarize key drivers impacting adjusted earnings at each segment. Our strong 2024 adjusted earnings results were largely driven by our strategic infrastructure investments. In addition, weather-normalized retail sales grew approximately 2% across Ameren Missouri with 2%, 1.5% and 3% growth in our residential, commercial and industrial classes respectively. Notably, industrial sales continue to remain robust, driven largely by growth from customers in the manufacturing and technology sectors. This year's sales growth reflects the strong economy across our service territory, which will serve as a solid foundation for future potential growth. Our focus remains on balancing necessary investments with prudent cost management to support both system reliability and customer affordability. At the beginning of last year, we set an ambitious goal to hold O&M expenses flat given the importance of cost control and managing customer rate impacts. I'm proud to report that we've made significant strides in this area. Importantly, at Ameren Missouri, when excluding the onetime NSR charge, all-in O&M expenses were down $12 million year-over-year. As we navigate the current economic landscape, we expect our proactive cost management and strategic investments will continue to drive operational efficiencies and keep our customer rates below the national and the Midwest averages. Moving to Page 21 to cover regulatory progress made in the fourth quarter. In December, the Missouri PSC staff recommended a $398 million annual revenue increase in our 2024 Ameren Missouri electric rate review. The difference between our request of $446 million and staff's recommendation is primarily driven by staff's proposed return on equity of 9.74% versus our request of 10.25%, and treatment of High Prairie Energy Center, partially offset by estimated off-system sales and fuel costs, which will be subject to true-up in regulatory recovery mechanisms. The equity ratio will be updated to use the capital structure as of December 31st, 2024. Surrebuttal and True-up Direct Testimony will be available later today. As we have in the past, we will seek to work through these and other differences with interveners over the coming weeks. Evidentiary hearings are scheduled to begin in mid-March and the decision for the Missouri PSC is expected by May, with new rates effective by June 1st. Turning to Page 22 for an update on our regulatory proceedings in Illinois. In December, the Illinois Commerce Commission, or ICC, issued orders in two of our pending Illinois rate reviews. The ICC approved our revised grid plan and the corresponding Multi-Year Rate Plan or MYRP for 2024 through 2027 for a cumulative revenue increase of $309 million versus our request for an increase of $332 million. These annual revenues reflect our recoverable costs, average rate base of $4.8 billion by 2027, and as anticipated, no change in the 8.72% return on equity. Investments in the energy grid under this multiyear plan is expected to preserve safety, reliability and the day-to-day operations of our system while also making progress towards the clean energy transition. We're pleased to have an ICC-approved grid plan through 2027, which provides clarity on the work ahead. In addition, the ICC approved our request for $158 million reconciliation adjustment in the final electric distribution reconciliation of 2023's revenue requirement. The full amount will be collected from customers in 2025, replacing the prior reconciliation adjustment of $110 million that was collected during 2024. New rates from the 2023 reconciliation in 2024 through 2027 MYRP were affected at the end of last year. Moving now to Page 23 for an update on the Illinois gas regulatory matters. In January, Ameren Illinois Natural Gas Distribution requested $140 million annual base rate increase based on a 10.7% return on equity, a 52% equity ratio and a $3.3 billion average rate base during our future 2026 test year. An ICC decision is required by early December, with rates expected to be effective in December 2025. Turning to Page 24. We look ahead to our company-wide capital plan for the next five years. Here, we provide an overview of our $26.3 billion of planned capital expenditures for 2025 through 2029, by business segment, which support our consolidated 9.2% compound annual rate base growth expectations. As Marty highlighted, we have a robust capital investment opportunities ahead of us. The five-year infrastructure investment plan we are releasing today represents a 20% increase over our investment plan issued last year. This increase includes additional generation reflected in the Ameren Missouri Smart Energy Plan including the new Preferred Resource Plan and the Ameren Illinois MYRP order. As you can see on the right side of this page, we are continuing to allocate capital consistent with the allowed return on equity under each regulatory framework. Page 32 in the appendix of this presentation provides a summary of the Ameren Missouri Smart Energy Plan, now filed with the Missouri PSC, which outlines CapEx by year over the next five years. Turning to Page 25. Here, we outlined the expected funding sources for the investments noted on the prior page. We expect continued growth in cash from operations as investments are reflected in customer rates. From a tax perspective, we expect to generate significant tax deferrals, driven primarily by the timing differences between financial statement's depreciation reflected in customer rates and accelerated depreciation for tax purposes. We will continue to advocate, along with others in our industry, to retain clean energy tax credits for the benefit of our customers. From a financing perspective, we expect to continue to issue long-term debt to fund a portion of our cash requirements. To maintain a strong balance sheet while we fund our robust investment plan, we expect to issue approximately $600 million of equity each year from 2025 through 2029, a portion of which we expect to be issued through our dividend reinvestment and employee benefit plans. These actions are expected to maintain our strong balance sheet and credit ratings. Turning to Page 26 for further details on our 2025 financing plan. To fund a portion of the $4.2 billion of investment in 2025, we expect debt issuances totaling $500 million, $650 million and $750 million in Ameren Missouri, Ameren Illinois and Ameren Parent, respectively. In addition, as of today, we've entered into forward sales agreements for $265 million of common stock issuances under our at-the-market equity distribution program to address a portion of our 2025 equity needs. We expect to settle these by the end of the year. Moving to Page 27 of our presentation for our 2025 earnings guidance. Today, we are affirming our 2025 diluted earnings per share guidance range of $4.85 per share to $5.05 per share, the midpoint of which represents approximately 7% growth compared to our 2024 adjusted earnings results. These earnings drivers are summarized on this page and remain largely consistent with those discussed on our third quarter earnings call. We expect our disciplined cost management to hold operations and maintenance expenses to around a 1% compound annual growth rate over the five-year plan. Finally, turning to Page 28. We remain confident and excited in our long-term strategy, which we expect will continue to drive consistent superior value for all of our stakeholders. We have strong investment opportunities that benefit our customers and attract and support new business. We expect strong earnings per share growth driven by robust rate base growth, disciplined cost management and a strong customer growth pipeline. As we said before, we have the right strategy, the right team and the right culture to capitalize on opportunities, to create value for our customers and shareholders. We believe this growth will compare favorably with the growth of our peers. Further, Ameren shares continue to offer investors an attractive dividend. In total, we have an attractive total shareholder return story. That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: At this time we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Shahriar Pourreza: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Martin Lyons: Good morning, Shar.
Shahriar Pourreza: Good morning, Marty. Maybe just, Marty, if you can dig into the growth profile a little more. So you're now just over 9% rate base CAGR. You've got this new sales number with 1 gig by '29, equity is largely the same. Can you speak to how close you are to the top end of 6% to 8% at this point? Are we another '29 hyperscaler deal away from piercing 8%? Thanks.
Martin Lyons: Yes, Shar, thanks. You've got some of the building blocks that we laid out for you today. I'm pretty excited about the sales growth that we outlined on Slide 11. Very much excited about the capital plan that we laid out on Slide 24 and it's backed up by the new IRP changes that we've put forward that are on Slide 12. So lot of good building blocks. And like you said, we've provided the financing assumptions as well. So hopefully, I've given you and everybody else, some good building blocks to build out your models. I guess I'd say with respect to the EPS growth, we've said before that our goal is to deliver at or above the midpoint. And we really mean that year in and year out as we look ahead over the next five years. As we pointed out earlier, we certainly do have a history of doing that as well, really delivering within the upper end of that guidance range. As we look out over the next five years, and you kind of talked about this a little bit, we see that sales growth sort of occurring over time, really starting in late 2026 and into 2027. You see on that chart on Slide 11, 500 megawatts expected by the end of 2027. And as you point out, 1 gig of additional demand by the end of 2029. So it's sort of ramps up in the mid to late parts of this period. Similarly, with rate base growth, we certainly don't give that to you year-by-year. But as you look at that Slide 12, that I referenced with the updated IRP, you can see where some of the investments are going to come into service in order to serve that load. And again it's mid to back-end loaded over this five-year period. So look I think those are some of the building blocks and there's certainly a number of steps that need to take place to bring all these sales growth expectations to fruition and get this generation built. But based on the plans we've laid out today, we would expect to deliver near the upper end of the range in the mid to latter part of the plan.
Michael Moehn: Hey, Shar. That was well said. The only thing I might add to that too is I think it's sort of implied what Marty's saying, if you look at that long-term capital plan too, we were at $55 plus billion out there over the next 10 years. Obviously, we updated that with this Preferred Resource Plan that was just filed this morning and updated that to $63 plus billion. So again, I think it just speaks to the longevity of the pipeline and the plan.
Shahriar Pourreza: No, that's very well stated. And then on just the resource plan update, can you just help us sensitize a little more on the scenarios? The preferred plan is 1.5 gigs by 2032, so that's our baseline. But how much of capacity headroom is there in the resource mix if you wind up going beyond that? Are we looking at more generation capital? Would it be backfilled with retirement extensions, repowerings, et cetera? Thanks guys.
Martin Lyons: Yes. As you look at the IRP update that we filed today, in a lot of ways, that reflects what in the short-term, in the next five years, we think, can realistically get done. And what you see there is mostly acceleration of things that we had in our prior plan. And we've talked about this before, the acceleration of renewable investments, battery storage, investment in gas-fired generation. And again, when we look at that opportunity that we have to build that generation out, we believe that we could serve that 2 gigawatts that we have outlined on Slide 11 by 2032 and even more thereafter. So we're really excited today to have the almost 1.8 gigawatts of construction agreements in place today. Last quarter, we provided sort of a sales funnel, if you will, that talked about tens of thousands of megawatts of potential new demand across Missouri and Illinois. That's all still true today. We're excited about that. As we outlined in our plans today that, again, in the IRP, we believe we can serve the load that's been signed up with the construction agreements. We're also continuing to engage with potential developers of data centers in Missouri and Illinois. And we're going to continue to court that interest. Like I said, having the opportunity to serve more even with these plans that we've laid out today. So I think it's all good. On Illinois, I just mentioned that while it's not stated in the slides here, we have several projects in the engineering review stage in Illinois. There are some attractive development sites there, just like there are in Missouri and some good state incentives. So we're doing all we can in each state to help businesses connect to the grid and grow, and grow the communities, the economies that we serve.
Shahriar Pourreza: Perfect. Lots of tailwinds. Congrats, guys. Appreciate it. Fantastic.
Martin Lyons: Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, team. Good morning. Happy Valentine's Day.
Martin Lyons: All right. Same to you, Durgesh. Good to hear from you.
Durgesh Chopra: Good. Thank you. Well, a quick shout out to your IR team. The IRP reconciliation is crisp as always and makes my job a lot easier. Listen, two questions. First, on the balance sheet, just like -- the capital line is about 20% higher. The equity is the same. Maybe just where are you tracking on FFO to debt? And are you positioned strongly enough with this capital plan to be at Baa1 or are we thinking about Baa2? Just thoughts there.
Michael Moehn: Good morning. You're making Andrew smile over here, by the way, Durgesh. Nice shout out to him. So he's happy to hear that. Look, as we've talked in the past, we feel good about our balance sheet. We've been very proactive over time issuing equity. I think we've continued to protect and support the balance sheet in a really conservative way. As I sit here today and looking out over the five-year plan, we absolutely feel that this equity here will support the Baa1, BBB+. I mean we're at or above that 17% threshold that Moody's has us at. And that's really obviously the downgrade threshold that we have for us. Just to remind you, at S&P, we're at 13%. So we're probably closer to the upgrade threshold than we are the downgrade threshold given where we maintain the metrics. But again, as we sit here today and what we have from a funding perspective, we feel very, very good about it.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Okay. Excellent. And then maybe just a lot of upside investment opportunities on the MISO side, on the IRP. Maybe can you just help reconcile what is in the five-year plan? And then what are the quantum of opportunities if there's a way to size the capital amount, which is truly upside and not yet in the capital plan, if you know where I'm going with this?
Michael Moehn: Yes. Let me start with the transmission piece and Marty can certainly chime in here as well. I mean I think probably the easiest way, Durgesh, to think about it is we had about $5 billion in the overall 10-year pipeline associated with LRTP. And so about $2 billion of that was in the first five years, which has been allocated to us as part of those that first Tranche 1 plus those competitive projects that we won. So that's that first piece. And then you got a remaining $3 billion that you're filling out and that has been $1.3 billion awarded to us here in Tranche 2. And so then we obviously have these competitive projects that we indicate about $6.5 billion worth of projects that we're going to bid on to fill out that piece. So I think the way to think about it, there is clearly upside with respect to some of those competitive projects today and how we think about that $5 billion that's in there. So Marty, anything to add on the transmission side?
Martin Lyons: On the transmission side, I would just say, overall, as we think about the capital plan, we feel like it's conservative and achievable. As you look at the other elements of the capital plan on Slide 24, in Missouri, what we've done is look to align the generation spending there with the updated IRP we filed today, the Illinois Electric Distribution is aligned with the outcome of the Multi-Year Grid and Rate Plans that we had last year. The Illinois gas spending is aligned with our 2023 gas rate review as well as the pending gas rate review and Michael just discussed transmission. So we've aligned all those things. I would note that Ameren Missouri non-generation spending is down a little bit from what we had in our last five-year plan. And I would say that overall, despite the increase in spending that you're seeing and investments you're seeing in Missouri, there's conservatism baked into those numbers as we think about the five-year plan. So I think it's conservative. It's achievable, but it is aligned with those things Michael and I talked about.
Durgesh Chopra: Excellent. Appreciate the discussion there. Thank you.
Martin Lyons: Take care.
Operator: Our next question comes from Nicholas Campanella with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey, good morning. Thanks for all the updates and taking my questions today.
Martin Lyons: You bet.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey so I just -- when I look across the portfolio, there's just a lot of tailwinds, whether it's Missouri rate review seems like it's going off to a solid start. And I know that there's legislation this year, you're kind of laying the framework for potentially more data centers to come into your territories. And if you were to have success here, let's just say you kind of move into the high scenario load growth range or you do have to kind of accelerate capital in the plan, is there a point in which you would kind of like reevaluate the growth rate or do these opportunities kind of extend that premium 6% to 8% offering at the?
Martin Lyons: Yes. Well, thanks for the question. And you're right, there are a number of tailwinds that we've got today. I mean we're very excited for our communities and for our customers as we think about some of the economic development opportunities that we're seeing in Missouri and Illinois. And as you mentioned for us, it certainly means opportunities to invest to support those businesses, to help grow those businesses and impact our sales. And we are pleased that in Missouri, in particular, there's good alignment, I believe, with stakeholders to really go after some of these economic development opportunities and provide some of the regulatory tools and mechanisms and outcomes to be able to support the continued investment and growth in our communities. So I think that's all good. As you think about our growth rate over time, certainly, our objective is going to be to maximize that growth rate as we think about the investments that are needed through time. We're not going to constrain it, is another way to put it. In answer, I think, to the first question we got, though, as we think about the next five years, still feel like this 6% to 8% growth guidance is the right guidance. Again, as I said earlier, in the short-term, we'll be at or above that midpoint. But as we see that load growth occurring later in the five-year period, as we see the rate base growing later in that five-year period, as I said before, we do expect to deliver near the upper end of the range in the mid to latter part of the plan. As we go through time, if some of these tailwinds continue and should the growth even accelerate further, we'll certainly reevaluate the overall earnings per share growth range. As I said, we certainly don't want to constrain it in any way.
Nicholas Campanella: That's super helpful. I appreciate that. And I'm sorry to make you repeat yourself a little bit on what's in the plan versus not, but just you mentioned that you have capacity to serve 2 gigawatts of demand or you're working towards capacity to serve 2 gigawatts of demand by 2032. It does seem you have like 1.8 under construction. So I just is what you're doing freeing up additional capacity to attract an additional 2 gigs. So if you were to have an additional demand, you'd have to do more CapEx for that or does this kind of -- does this plan and this CapEx plan create that capacity for you? I just wanted to understand that.
Martin Lyons: Yes. Thanks for the question. I'll try to clarify. As we look at some of this load, it ramps up over time. And so even when you think about that 1.8 gig, it's going to ramp up over some period of time based upon the customers' needs. And so the plan that we laid out today, the resource plan that we laid out, as I said, we think that would support the ability to serve a full 2 gigawatts by 2032 but even more after that. And so as that load grows, we can not only serve that 2 gigs by 2032, but even more so after that. And look, if there's more demand, we'll continue to explore ways to serve even beyond that. So again, we're not constraining ourselves. But as we look at this next five years, with the investments we've outlined are the things that, we do believe we can realistically achieve and support that load growth that I just talked about.
Nicholas Campanella: All right. Thank you very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Carly Davenport with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Carly Davenport: Hey, good morning. Thanks so much for taking the questions. Maybe just two quick ones for me. First, on the sales growth outlook. Can you just help us put that 5.5% CAGR into the context of sort of the total pipeline that you're seeing in Missouri or maybe said another way, can you just talk about how you sort of risked the pipeline to come out to this 5.5% level over the course of the new five-year plan?
Martin Lyons: Yes, I'll see what color I can provide on that. When you look back on the Q3 call, in that funnel, we talked about tens of thousands of megawatts of potential demand, 75% of that from data centers and about 65% of that Missouri. So significant demand. But what's happened through time is we worked with different developers in terms of transmission access. And as I said earlier, about 1.5 gigs of new construction agreements have been signed on top of the ones that we had when we talked last in Q4. So we've really been trying to take those in terms of in a fair and equitable way in terms of the orders that they came in and have asked for interconnection. And that's where we are today. Now to put it all in sort of scale terms. I mean 2 gigs, if we're serving 2 gigs by the end of 2032 that represents about a 45% increase in Missouri sales. So pretty significant. But as I said earlier, Carly, this is what we've got today, given the construction agreements that we've got signed, given the tariff discussions we have going on with end users and we look at the, again, the generation that we can accelerate and deliver within this time period. We think 1.5 gig is a good point estimate. But again it could be greater as we think about the sales by 2032.
Michael Moehn: And Carly it's Michael. Just a little finer point. I mean I think the comments that we have made previously about this first 250 megawatts, I think, still stands. We talked about that being online by the end of 2026. And then as Marty said, it kind of ramps in over time, 500 by the end of '27 and then you get to 1 gig by the end of 2029. And the only thing I might add in addition to this, I mean, I think we're coming off of a good foundation as well, right? As I indicated in my talking points, we ended the year at just a little bit right at about 2% growth. And it was across all classes, 2% on the residential side, 1.5% on the commercial and then a really robust 3% on the industrial side. And we're forecasting additional growth in '25 relative to '24 as well. So I mean, I think, again, it gives us good backdrop just what we're talking about here in terms of the foundation.
Carly Davenport: Great. I appreciate all that color. That's really helpful. And then maybe just on the updated IRP in Missouri. I know you mentioned this in your opening remarks, but you did have some new nuclear longer dated, of course, by 2040 reflected in that new filing. Obviously, it's a big focus of the market. So could you just talk a little bit about kind of how you envision that new capacity? Is that more focused on opportunities around SMRs or something more like an AP1000?
Martin Lyons: Yes. Thanks, Carly. And you're right, it's long-dated. When we look out to 2040 time frame, looking at adding new nuclear and we talked about that balanced energy portfolio we see in the future. And when you look out to, say, 2045, what we see is about 70% dispatchable resources with nearly 40% nuclear, a little over 30% gas and then about 30% of our energy coming from renewables. So that's what we're sort of looking towards when we look very long-term. And of course, we've got experience with nuclear. Our Callaway plant here in Missouri has served our customers well for the past 40 years and we expect it to continue for the next 40 years. That said, I'd say as we sit here today, we really haven't put a stake in the ground in terms of what technology would make the most sense for us in terms of a nuclear technology. Certainly, when you look at the megawatts that we have in there for new nuclear, about 1,500, you got a full range of options, as you mentioned, in terms of technology. But what we're really looking to do over the next three to five years is to devote resources internally to monitor and studying these technologies closely and exploring perhaps what activities might be prudent to take that would say be technology agnostic, which might include things like construction permitting and the like. I don't see in the next few years, any material financial commitment as it relates to new nuclear, as you say, it's sort of long-dated. But we do think that's part of our energy future as we look out to a balanced portfolio in Missouri.
Carly Davenport: Great. Thanks so much for the answers. Appreciate the time.
Martin Lyons: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Jefferies. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning, team. How are you guys doing?
Martin Lyons: Great, Julian. How about you?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, great. Happy Friday. With that said, you guys, I mean just a remarkable update here across the board, whether it's the minimal limited incremental equity, great roll forward of the rate base here. I mean really what's left to address on the call here is, as you think about regulatory lag in front of you in this investment cycle, can you speak to that a little bit here and what you're facing, if that, there's any kind of timing issues? Obviously, you're emphasizing being at the upper end of the plan in the back half of the year. Can you speak to maybe any kind of earned ROE expectations and maybe marry that up against expectations and how to frame and sensitize any potential legislative outcomes here? Obviously, you spoke to some of them in brief earlier, but maybe just kind of square that up, if you will, and set any expectations on the cadence of earnings through the five-year period, too?
Michael Moehn: Let me start on the regulatory lag and then Marty can come in and talk about the legislative process. I mean, Julien, as you know, I mean we've always managed these businesses prudently try to earn as close to our allowed as possible. I mean if you kind of look at where we are on a historical basis versus some place in excess of 10% kind of across the overall portfolio of different returns. And as you said, I mean, we got to continue to be thoughtful about this. Obviously, you have rate reviews and other things you got to be thoughtful about from a timing perspective. And so that goes into how we think about projects. And Mark Birk and his team do a really good job just thinking about when those are going to need to be in place from a cutoff date, et cetera, just again to make sure that we're maximizing the returns and minimizing any regulatory lag. And then the other thing that we've obviously done in addition to all of this, which I think is just a good practice in general is we've managed our overall O&M cost really, really well. We talked about this at the beginning of the year. I mean, we went through another process of kind of looking at spans and layers, doing a lot of benchmarking, looking up and down the P&L. We've made significant investments in technology over the past five, six years. We're continuing to start to see some of that benefit from a productivity standpoint today, both back office and in the field, which I think is helpful being very thoughtful about as we turn -- have turnover and the replacements we put back into the business et cetera. So I think all of that has served us well and it obviously manifests itself in having O&M be down $12 million, which I indicated in the talking points, year-over-year, which I think is good in this environment because we want to be doing everything we possibly can to try to minimize the impact of this transition. So that's what I would say about that from a regulatory lag perspective, Marty can certainly add in and talk about the legislative piece too.
Martin Lyons: Yes, I thought that was good, Michael. I think, Julien, as you go through time, we'll have to adjust and think through the timing of our rate reviews, as Michael mentioned, for a variety of factors. And again, some of it is going to be really getting better visibility in terms of how some of the sales growth is going to occur through time and refined timing on some of the, I'll call it, chunkier in-service dates on some of the elements of our integrated resource plan. And those things will help to refine our regulatory timing as well as thoughts on regulatory lag. But you did mention legislation in Missouri. There are a number of legislative initiatives that are progressing. As you know, the legislative session just recently kicked off and goes through, I think, May 16th of this year. So quite a bit of time. But we outlined on Slide 15, a number of various pieces of legislation that are sort of percolating. And some of them are familiar to you, things we've talked about in the past like really extension of PISA. As you think about some of these generation investments we want to make, getting that sunset pushed out in time is really helpful to us, gives us greater visibility in terms of regulatory framework and certainty through time, extending that to include natural gas generation. Again, we've got that built into our plan. These things are important in terms of supporting this economic development, this investment in generation. You see other things like the Missouri First Transmission Act, really making sure that we can get transmission built quickly have good import-export capability in our region, again, supports the economic growth. And then you see some of the other things that are percolating, you have changes to the integrated resource planning, allowing QIP in rate base for new natural gas generation or other energy centers, you see forward test years for natural gas and water. So I think some good constructive things that would be, again, incrementally supportive of investment in the state and incrementally supportive of broader economic growth and development in the state. And so the active consideration on these, there's a long way to go, but as we have recently seen some Senate action on that, in particular, so a consolidation of a number of these bills into one bill with Senate Bill 4. So I'd encourage you to continue to monitor these. We'll certainly continue as well as others to actively engage. But I think it's just good constructive discussion that about things that would be supportive of investment and economic growth in our state. So thanks.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent, guys. Best of luck. It's a real pleasure to see us come together. All right. You guys take care.
Martin Lyons: You too, Julien. See you soon.
Operator: Our next question comes from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey, good morning, guys. Thanks for the update. Hopefully, just two quick questions. One is, I think, on Slide 31, where you, kudos to Andrew again. You do a great job of breaking it out. Just wondering 2030 you have 1,600 megawatts of gas, 800 more than your original plan. We hear or seen in the papers, the challenges of procuring new gas fired generation. Just anything you could add on the ability to add that generation? I have one follow-up.
Michael Moehn: Yes. No, Anthony, this is Michael. Look, we feel good about that addition. I mean, we've taken steps along the way in Missouri to make sure that we could procure what we needed to, to get this online, given the importance of it, given the significance of what we're seeing from a supply chain perspective. So I think we've mentioned this before, but I think those steps have served us well, and we should be in good shape to bring this online. Still a lot of work to do. But from a critical component standpoint we're set.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And then on the S&P rating just if you could just give me the numbers. I missed it to the earlier question. I think you said you're closer to the upgrade threshold. Would you mind just those numbers again?
Michael Moehn: Yes, our downgrade threshold at S&P is 13%, Anthony. And so we've been certainly north of 17% or above there on that calculation. And so I don't know exactly what the upgrade threshold is, but it's -- we're much closer to that than we are the downgrade threshold. That's the point I guess I was trying to make.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks so much for taking the question and congrats on a great update.
Michael Moehn: Thanks, Anthony.
Operator: Our next question comes from Bill Appicelli with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
William Appicelli: Hi. Good morning.
Martin Lyons: Hey, Bill. Good morning.
William Appicelli: A question on the large load tariff that you're going to be filing. Can you just share some details around that? Is that going to have minimum load commitments for a set period of time? Is there an expectation that this is new load that's going to be -- have a neutral impact or potentially a beneficial impact to existing customers? Any color you can share on that filing?
Martin Lyons: Yes, Bill, I'd say it's premature to say exactly how it's going to be structured. But you're hitting on the right points. We're actively working with some of the prospective customers to finalize the tariff. I'd say discussions are going well. But you're right. I mean typical contract items, things like revenues to cover cost, the cost to serve, tenor of contract, minimum takes, exit provisions, credit provisions. I mean these are the things that we're focused on.
William Appicelli: Okay. But I mean but the point would be that existing customers would be held -- would be neutral to the large load coming on?
Martin Lyons: At a minimum, yes.
William Appicelli: Yes. Okay. And then just on the Missouri rate case, I think, there's a settlement window coming up next week. I know you've got hearings set for middle of March. But any update on how you're feeling around maybe the possibility of settling the rate case in this upcoming window?
Michael Moehn: Bill, it's Michael. Again, I think as I indicated on the call itself, I mean, I think we sit in a good spot at this point in terms of the differences between us versus staff. I think we indicated, in the last update, we were at $446 million versus $398 million from staff and so most of that is being driven by ROE, they're at 9.74%, and we're at 10.25%. And then there's an issue associated with this High Prairie wind place. So I think, ultimately, we always look to try to find a constructive way to get these settled. You can never guarantee that. But I think we sit in a good spot to continue to have some constructive conversations here over the coming weeks and we'll see what time brings us.
William Appicelli: Okay. All right. Great. Thanks very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan Chase. Please proceed with your question.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good morning and a very Happy Valentine's Day to all.
Martin Lyons: Same to you. Michael's got his pink shirt on today. He's ready to go.
Jeremy Tonet: Great to see. Great to see. I was just wondering if I go to the financing plan a little bit, the $4.4 billion of increase in CapEx, yet only $300 million of incremental equity, I haven't seen that from all your peers out there. Just wondering if you could talk a bit more about the specific drivers here that allow you to minimize additional equity issuance here? Is there any shaping of CapEx over the five-year plan and how that impacts financing considerations?
Michael Moehn: No, Jeremy, I mean, look, I think it's more of a product just how we've managed this over time, right? We came into this kind of super cycle of CapEx in a really strong position. We've always protected the balance sheet. Again we've liked our ratings where they have been historically. And so I think that's really probably the difference here as we just, as we worked into it, that we had some continued room. If you went back and looked over time, we were certainly in excess of even those downgrade thresholds where we are today. But as we look over the next five years, as I mentioned earlier, I feel good that we're going to be at or above that 17%, which is really the threshold metric for us on the Moody's side.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Great to see what being conservative on the balance sheet can do to you, make sense. And maybe just one last one, if I could. Circling back to legislation, do these items represent upside to your plan? Any way to size the magnitude of earnings and cash flow benefits from possible legislation here?
Martin Lyons: I think these are really things that can create a win-win for customers and shareholders as we think about executing the capital plans that we've got. And I think in large respect, go a long way simply to helping us turn closer to our allowed return as we deploy the capital.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Great. Thank you for that. See you next month in Denver.
Martin Lyons: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Paz with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Martin Lyons: Good morning, David.
David Paz: Good morning. Sorry I think my question has mostly been answered, but maybe just a little more precise question here. I know you said that you expect to be within the 6% to 8% EPS growth target each year and then the upper end in the latter half of the planning period. But do you see any specific headwinds that puts you below the midpoint, say, next year in 2026 before that sales growth kicks in? And if so what are those?
Martin Lyons: No, David, I wouldn't say there are any specific headwinds with respect to being at the midpoint or higher as we look at next year. But again I think the point I was trying to make is, when you look at some of that sales growth again and Michael, I think, underscored this, we really see that ramping up late '26, into 2027 and then beyond. And you can look at also to some of the rate base growth, which occurs sort of again mid to latter part. But no I wasn't trying to suggest that next year we would be expecting to sort of miss that mark.
David Paz: Got it. Okay. Thank you.
Martin Lyons: All right, David. Hey, I think, we're going to have to wrap it up for today. We've got some other business we have to attend to this morning. I really appreciate all the interest we had on the call this morning. Lots of great questions and dialogue. I think you can tell that we're very energized by the opportunities ahead, the power growth for our communities and for our shareholders. And so with that, please be safe, and we look forward to seeing many of you at upcoming conferences.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q3  (2024-11-07 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Ameren Corporation Third Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. If anyone should require operator assistance, please press star zero on your telephone keypad. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Andrew Kirk, Director of Investor Relations, Corporate Modeling for Ameren Corporation. Mr. Kirk, please proceed.
Andrew Kirk: Thank you, and good morning. On the call with me today are Marty Lyons, our Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, and Michael Moehn, our Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, along with other members of the Ameren management team. This call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast, and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. We have posted a presentation on the amereninvestors.com homepage that will be referenced by our speakers. As noted on page two of the presentation, comments made during this conference call may contain statements about future expectations, plans, projections, financial performance, and similar matters, which are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Please refer to our SEC filings for more information about the various factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. Now, here is Marty, who will start on page four.
Marty Lyons: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining us today as we cover our third quarter 2024 earnings results. I will begin today on page four. We are focused on delivering strong long-term value for our customers, communities, shareholders, and the environment. By investing in rate-regulated infrastructure, enhancing regulatory frameworks, and advocating for responsible energy policies, we are positioning ourselves to take advantage of future opportunities to benefit all of our stakeholders. Through a disciplined approach to optimizing our operating performance, we have been able to keep our customer rates low in comparison to the national average as we transform the energy grid, enhance reliability, and provide cleaner energy to our communities. We remain excited for the future, and we see strong growth opportunities unfolding over the next decade. Turning to page five. Yesterday, we announced third quarter 2024 adjusted earnings of $1.87 per share, compared to earnings of $1.87 per share in the third quarter of 2023. These comparable adjusted earnings results were in line with our expectations. The third quarter and year-to-date 2024 adjusted results exclude two charges related to separate proceedings that have been ongoing for over a decade. The first related to an agreement in principle to settle the Rush Island Energy Center New Source Review and Clean Air Act proceeding, and the second, for customer refunds required by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission's (FERC) October 2024 order, which established a new base return on equity within the Midcontinent Independent System Operator (MISO), that was applied retroactively to certain periods extending back to 2013. Key earnings drivers are highlighted on this page. Mike will discuss the factors driving the quarterly results in more detail in a moment. Our strong investment pipeline continues to drive earnings growth, and I am excited about the significant economic growth opportunities in the communities we serve. The Greater St. Louis region is experiencing some of the highest employment growth we have seen in the better part of three decades. In August, the region was ranked fourth among large metro areas in the country for employment growth, and we are seeing this strength in our region reflected in strong weather-normalized retail sales growth year-to-date across all customer classes in Missouri. Turning now to page six. Thanks to our team's execution of our strategy over the course of this year, we have a strong foundation as we head into the final months of 2024. We expect to deliver 2024 earnings within our adjusted guidance range of $4.55 per share to $4.69 per share. We expect our 2025 earnings per share to be in the range of $4.85 and $5.05, with the midpoint representing a 7.1% increase over the midpoint of our 2024 adjusted guidance range. While our historical practice has been to provide initial earnings guidance on our fourth quarter earnings call in February, we are issuing this 2025 guidance now to reinforce our confidence in our ability to deliver on our 6% to 8% earnings per share growth guidance expectations. We expect to provide our long-term earnings growth guidance and capital and financing plans on our year-end call in February. On page seven, we highlight the latest advancements across Ameren as we execute our strategic objectives for the year. Our infrastructure investment plan is designed to improve the reliability, resiliency, safety, and efficiency of our system. As we remain focused on a reliable clean energy transition, year-to-date, we have invested $3 billion to replace aging infrastructure and also build the new infrastructure needed to meet our customers' growing demand for a diverse mix of energy resources. Just last week, we announced that we have now closed on three solar energy centers this year, totaling 500 megawatts of new generation, which are undergoing final testing and are expected to be in service by the end of the year. On the regulatory front, MISO's long-range transmission planning process is progressing toward approval of the tranche 2.1 portfolio by the end of the year. In September, MISO released additional tranche 2.1 project details, which included approximately $3.6 billion of transmission investment needed in our Missouri and Illinois service territories to support reliability for the region. At Ameren Missouri, we are working to bring more dispatchable generation onto the grid. In October, the Missouri Public Service Commission (Missouri PSC) approved a certificate of convenience and necessity (CCN) and post-construction cost deferral for the 800-megawatt simple cycle natural gas energy center, Castle Bluff. This $900 million investment in dispatchable generation will support energy reliability in our region and will also create hundreds of construction jobs, several new permanent jobs, and additional tax revenue for the region. In addition, in November, we reached an agreement in principle with the US Department of Justice to settle the Rush Island Energy Center New Source Review and Clean Air Act proceeding. I will cover the details of the agreement in a moment. Finally, at Ameren Illinois, in October, the administrative law judge (ALJ) issued a proposed order regarding our revised 2024 through 2027 electric distribution multiyear rate plan. Importantly, the ALJ proposed order supports 99% of our requested rate base when excluding the impacts of other post-employment benefits (OPEB). Following our team's extensive engagement with key stakeholders, all interveners support the Illinois Commerce Commission's (ICC) approval of a revised grid plan with limited adjustments. We look forward to an ICC decision by the end of this year, which we expect to be consistent with the multiyear capital plans we issued in February. Last, operational performance across our company remains strong, with a focus on delivering safer, more reliable, and affordable energy through grid hardening, enhanced automation, optimization, and standardization. Turning to page eight for an update on Ameren Missouri's new generation project. We continue to execute our Ameren Missouri Integrated Resource Plan (IRP), which focuses on maintaining and building a diverse, cleaner generation portfolio to ensure our reliable and low-cost mix of energy resources to serve our customers' needs. As I mentioned, we have three solar projects in the later stages of commissioning and testing that are expected to be in service. We are also working toward the successful construction of another 400 megawatts of solar generation across three additional projects, which we expect will be ready to serve customers in late 2025 and 2026. Further, as I mentioned, in October, Missouri PSC approved the CCN for the dispatchable 800-megawatt simple cycle natural gas energy center Castle Bluff, following a constructive settlement with the commission staff and other interveners. The order also includes post-construction cost deferral to reduce unrecovered costs by allowing us to defer and recover the depreciation expense from the Castle Bluff Energy Center and an adjusted weighted average cost of capital return on the investment from the time it is placed in service to when it is incorporated into base rates. As solar energy predictably rises and then falls every day, it is vital to have Castle Bluff Energy Center to bolster grid reliability for our customers. Prep work has begun on Castle Bluff, which will be located on the site of our retired Meramec Energy Center, allowing us to cost-effectively expedite the construction by leveraging an existing site with infrastructure in place. The energy center is expected to be in service for our customers by the end of 2027. We look forward to continuing to work with key stakeholders to bring additional generation online as quickly as possible to meet the needs of all customers, including businesses looking to relocate or expand in Missouri. Moving now to page nine for an update on the MISO long-range transmission projects. In September, MISO provided additional detail and individual project cost estimates underlying the almost $22 billion tranche 2.1 portfolio, which is expected to drive significant reliability and capacity benefits for the region. The portfolio includes three projects in our Missouri and Illinois service territories that collectively represent an investment opportunity of approximately $3.6 billion. We await MISO's determination of which projects will be directly assigned and which will go through a competitive bidding process. MISO expects to approve the tranche 2.1 projects by the end of this year. Once approved, MISO plans to commence work in 2025 on the tranche 2.2 portfolio to address further transmission needs in the North and Midwest regions. As we continue to see substantial load growth across the country, MISO and its transmission owners will continue to assess whether the current long-range transmission future scenarios will be sufficient to support our region's energy needs in the years ahead. Moving now to page ten for an update on our expanding customer growth opportunities. Our service territories have a broad-based, diverse economy, which continues to expand across a variety of manufacturing sectors, including aerospace, agriculture, and food processing, to name a few. So far this year, we have received expansion commitments or executed new contracts for approximately 350 megawatts of new load from data centers, manufacturing, and other industries, 90% of which is located in Missouri. These projects are expected to create more than 2,200 jobs. We expect these new and expanding customers to be fully ramped up by 2028. We are excited about these opportunities and see tremendous additional opportunities for growth over the next five to seven years, which will bring jobs and additional tax base to benefit our state and local communities. Through ongoing collaboration with a variety of state and local stakeholders, we continue to attract new business and data center interest. Over the last few months, our economic development pipeline of potential additional demand has doubled in size, and we are making meaningful progress with several potential customers. These customers, representing several gigawatts of interest, have completed transmission engineering studies, and over the coming months, each will further evaluate the site locations and determine whether they will move forward with agreements. We are pleased to offer reliable service and competitive rates, as well as the people, resources, expertise, and partnerships needed to deliver for these customers. The ultimate net financial impact of any incremental load will be dependent upon a variety of factors, including customer ramp-up time, additional generation or grid investments needed, timing of rate reviews, and tariff structures. To that end, we are in the process of carefully evaluating potential load growth opportunities and our associated generation portfolio needs and would expect to update our IRP by February of 2025. This is an exciting time in our industry, and we look forward to finding solutions for these significant potential new customers. Turning then to page eleven. After almost fifty years of providing cost-effective energy to our customers, our Rush Island Energy Center was safely retired on October fifteenth. We are grateful to our coworkers who made this plant a reliable and low-cost energy source for our customers for many decades. Careful planning over several years enabled us to ensure that every employee impacted by the retirement of Rush Island had an opportunity with the company as we continue to thoughtfully transition our generation resources while retaining our talented workforce. The Missouri PSC has authorized recovery of approximately $470 million of cost related to the retirement of Rush Island through the issuance of securitized utility tariff. We are working through the next steps to execute that issuance. In addition, in November, Ameren Missouri and the US Department of Justice reached a settlement agreement in principle requiring Ameren Missouri to fund two mitigation relief programs in addition to retiring the energy center. The cost of these programs, which will provide for the electrification of school buses over a three-year period and air purifiers for eligible Ameren Missouri residential customers over twelve months, totaled $64 million. The charges recorded this year related to this agreement are excluded from our adjusted earnings results. The agreement between the DOJ and Ameren Missouri is subject to approval by the US District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri, which is expected by the end of the year. Moving to page twelve. Looking ahead over the coming decade, we have a robust pipeline of investment opportunities of more than $55 billion that will continue to deliver significant value to our stakeholders, create thousands of jobs, generate tax revenue for our local economies, and support economic growth in our region. Importantly, our ten-year investment pipeline does not reflect possible additional generation as we evaluate our needs to serve potential additional load growth. Any such changes to our ten-year investment pipeline will be reflected in our February earnings call update. Moving to page thirteen, our five-year growth plan released last February included our expectation of a 6% to 8% compound annual earnings growth rate from 2024 through 2028. This earnings growth is driven by strong compound annual rate base growth of 8.2% and strategic allocation of infrastructure investment to each of our business segments based on their regulatory frameworks. Investment in Ameren presents an attractive opportunity for those seeking a high-quality utility growth story. Combined, our strong long-term 6% to 8% earnings growth and an attractive and growing dividend, which today yields 3.1%, result in a compelling total return story. We have a strong track record of execution, a strong balance sheet, and an experienced management team. I am confident in our ability to execute our investment plans and other elements of our strategy across all four of our business segments. Again, thank you all for joining us today, and I will now turn the call over to Michael.
Michael Moehn: Thanks, Marty, and good morning, everyone. I will begin on page fifteen of our presentation with an earnings reconciliation for two earnings adjustments that Marty mentioned earlier. Yesterday, we reported third quarter 2024 GAAP earnings of $1.70 per share, which included a charge for additional mitigation relief related to the Rush Island Energy Center and a charge for the October 2024 FERC order on MISO's allowed base ROE. Both of these charges related to matters outstanding for the last decade. Excluding these two charges, Ameren reported third quarter adjusted earnings of $1.87 per share, compared to earnings of $1.87 per share for the year-ago quarter. The total after-tax charge of $0.17 per share in 2024 related to our Rush Island Energy Center reflects the estimated cost of the mitigation relief program agreed to with the US Department of Justice. This includes the $0.04 per share charge recorded in the first quarter of 2024. Subject to approval by the district court, we expect a settlement agreement to resolve the proceeding related to the new source review provisions of the Clean Air Act. Turning to the charge for the FERC order, recall, since November 2013, the allowed base ROE for FERC-regulated transmission rate base within the MISO has been subject to review. In FERC's October 2024 order, it established a new base ROE of 9.98% for the periods of November 2013 through February 2015, and September 2016 forward, which decreased the allowed base ROE from 10.02% and will require refunds with interest for these periods, totaling an after-tax impact of $0.04 per share. The return on equity from MISO projects is now 10.48%, including the 50 basis point adder, and we do not expect a four basis point decrease in ROE to have a material impact on earnings expectations going forward. Turning to page sixteen for detailed earnings results for the third quarter. Our adjusted earnings performance during the quarter was driven primarily by strategic investments and disciplined cost management, offset by changes in return equity for Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution and rate design at Ameren Illinois Natural Gas. Additional factors that contributed to the year-over-year earnings per share results are highlighted on this page. Year-to-date results are outlined on page twenty-six of today's presentation. Before moving on, I will touch on sales trends for Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution. While miles were lower this quarter compared to the year-ago period, creating some earnings drag, our third quarter weather-normalized retail sales remained strong at an overall increase of approximately 1.5% compared to the year-ago period. Year-to-date, weather-normalized kilowatt-hour sales to Missouri residential, commercial, and industrial customers increased approximately 2%, 1%, and 3%, respectively, compared to last year. The year-to-date increase in industrial sales reflects production growth driven by new industrial plant additions and additional shift work in our service territory. Year-to-date, weather-normalized kilowatt-hour sales to Illinois customers were flat compared to last year. Recall that changes in electric sales, no matter the cost, do not affect the earnings since we have full revenue decoupling. On page seventeen, we summarize select earnings considerations for the balance of the year. We expect our 2024 adjusted earnings to be in the range of $4.55 to $4.69 per share. Notably, we expect a positive year-over-year earnings impact in the fourth quarter driven primarily by strategic infrastructure investments, strong cost management programs, and lower charitable trust contributions compared to the year-ago period. I encourage you to take the settlement-arranged drivers noted on this slide into consideration as you develop your earnings expectations for the remainder of the year. Turning to page eighteen, where we provide detail on our expectations for 2025. As we head into 2025, we feel confident that strong execution of our strategic plan this year will position us to deliver on our expected long-term earnings growth. With that in mind, we expect 2025 earnings per share to be in the range of $4.85 and $5.05. The midpoint of this range represents a little above 7% earnings per share growth compared to the midpoint of our 2024 adjusted earnings guidance range. Expected 2025 earnings detailed by segment as compared to our 2024 expectations are highlighted on this page. Beginning with Ameren Missouri, earnings are expected to benefit from new electric service rates effective by June 2025 and higher investment eligible for plant and service accounting. Earnings are also expected to benefit from higher weather-normalized retail sales, primarily to Missouri's commercial and industrial customers, which are expected to increase by 1% and 2%, respectively, driven primarily by the expansion and growth from our existing customers. We expect to update our long-term sales forecast in February. Further, we expect higher interest expense in Ameren Missouri and Ameren Parent, Transmission, and Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution, driven by higher infrastructure investment. Earnings in Ameren Illinois Natural Gas are expected to be lower due to cost recovery impacts between rate reviews. Ameren-wide, we expect increased weighted average common shares outstanding to unfavorably impact earnings per share. Robust infrastructure investment and economic growth opportunities, coupled with identified business process optimization opportunities and continued strong strategic focus, give us confidence in our ability to grow in 2025 and the years ahead. Turning to page nineteen for a brief update on Missouri regulatory matters. In August, the Missouri PSC set the procedural schedule for our ongoing Ameren Missouri electric rate review. Intervenor testimony is due in early December, and we expect a decision by the commission by May 2025, with new rates effective by June. Recall that approximately 90% of this request is driven by investments under Ameren Missouri's Smart Energy Plan, including major upgrades to the electric system and investments in generation. If approved as requested, new electric service rates would remain well below the national and Midwest averages. Turning to Ameren Illinois regulatory matters on page twenty. Under Illinois formula rate-making, which expired at the end of 2023, Ameren Illinois was required to file annual rate updates to systematically adjust cash flows over time for changes in the cost of service and to true up any prior period over or under recovery of such costs. For the final electric distribution reconciliation of 2023's revenue requirement, in August, the ICC staff recommended approval of our proposed $158 million reconciliation adjustment. The full amount would be collected from customers in 2025, replacing the prior reconciliation adjustment of $110 million that is being collected during 2024. This will result in a net increase in cash flow of $48 million, or approximately a 1.5% increase in the total average residential customer bill. An ICC decision is expected by December, with new rates effective in 2025. Turning to page twenty-one for an update on the multiyear rate plan covering 2024 through 2027. In October, the ALJ recommended a cumulative revenue increase of $315 million based on an average rate base of $4.9 billion by 2027. Excluding the OPEB issue, the ALJ's proposed order supports 99% of the rate base that we requested in a revised multiyear rate plan. This would allow us to invest in the energy grid to maintain safety, reliability, and the day-to-day operations of our system, while also making progress towards an affordable, equitable, clean energy transition. Following constructive engagement with the interveners to narrow the remaining issues, their latest proposals reflect a multiyear grid plan that is largely consistent with our guidance laid out in February. We expect an ICC decision by December, with new rates effective January 1, 2025. Under the multiyear rate plan, any annual revenues will be based on actual recoverable costs, year-end rate base, and a return on equity, provided they do not exceed 105% of the approved revenue requirements after certain exclusions. Moving to page twenty-two to provide a financing update. We continue to feel very good about our financial position. Ameren's parent long-term issuer credit ratings of Baa1 and BBB+ at Moody's and S&P, respectively, compare favorably to the peer average, providing us with financial flexibility. To maintain our credit ratings and strong balance sheet while we fund our robust infrastructure plan, we expect to issue approximately $300 million of common equity in total in 2024. By the end of 2023, we sold approximately $230 million of the expected $300 million through the at-the-market (ATM) program, consisting of approximately 2.9 million shares, which we expect to settle by the end of this year. Together with the issuance under our 401(k) and DRIP plus programs, our ATM equity program is expected to fulfill our 2024 equity needs. Additionally, as of September 30th, we have entered into forward sales agreements under our ATM program for approximately $155 million to support our 2025 equity needs, with an average initial forward sales price of approximately $82 per share. As always, we are thoughtful about strategically financing our robust capital plan. Turning to page twenty-three. We remain confident in our long-term strategy, which we expect to continue to drive consistent superior value for all of our stakeholders. As highlighted today, we have made significant progress towards our goals. We have strong infrastructure investment opportunities to benefit our customers and attract new businesses, and we continue to see signs of an attractive regional economy, including solid retail sales growth, strong employment growth in the St. Louis region, moderating interest rates and inflation, and a robust economic development pipeline that will deliver strong earnings growth in 2025. Looking beyond, we expect consistent strong earnings per share growth driven by robust rate base growth, disciplined cost management, and a robust customer growth pipeline. As we said before, we have the right strategy, team, and culture to capitalize on opportunities to create value for our customers and shareholders. We believe this growth will compare favorably with the growth of our peers, and shares continue to offer investors an attractive dividend. In total, we have an attractive total shareholder return story. That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, it may be necessary to pick up your handset before pressing the star keys. Our first question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please proceed.
Robin (for Jeremy Tonet): Hey, this is Robin on for Jeremy. How are you? Oh, great. Good morning. So maybe just to follow-up, you mentioned providing 2025 guidance at 3Q to underscore your confidence in your earnings trajectory. Could you elaborate on that strategy given several ongoing regulatory proceedings? And specifically, how should we think about the 2025 range relative to potential regulatory outcomes?
Marty Lyons: Yeah, sure. Well, you know, first of all, as you look back on some of the comments we made at the second quarter, we have a long history of growing at 7% or above. Our goal as we go into each year, of course, is to deliver at the midpoint or even higher within our range. Some of the things that we pointed to last quarter that are just giving us more long-term conviction have to do with inflation cooling, strong local economy, demand improving, some of the things we have talked about even on this call with respect to customer growth opportunities and great investments that we have got across all of our segments, whether it is distribution, transmission, and generation, and, of course, a strong balance sheet. So we have strong conviction in our ability to grow long-term. As we looked at 2025, we certainly have confidence in our ability to deliver within the range that we pointed out today. As we look ahead over the next few months, typically, we have delivered this guidance in February. We are delivering it now because we do have strong confidence, and we believe that whatever unfolds in the months ahead, we will be able to adjust our plan and hit the mark in terms of the guidance that we delivered.
Robin: Great. Thanks. And then maybe just a follow-up on the mentioned economic development opportunities. You mentioned you have gotten some interest from an impressive several gigawatts of potential opportunities. Just any high-level thoughts on how you factor in potential double counting, like, say, if those customers are also submitting those inbounds to other utilities or service territories?
Marty Lyons: Yeah, sure. And look, I think you are absolutely right. We pointed out on our slide that we have tens of thousands of megawatts of potential new demand, so a significant amount. We certainly expect that, if we call it double counting, but a lot of these folks are looking at the same properties. You have got developers as well as hyperscalers. And so, yeah, there is certainly duplication in there. What we are doing is really working through with each of those counterparties in a methodical way. We mentioned that we have had progress with potential counterparties representing several gigawatts of demand. We are working through with them on evaluating the sites, the transmission access, the generation that might be needed to serve them. Eventually, we expect that to be narrowed down. It is one of the reasons why we have been cautious about not really announcing any of this load until we get a construction agreement because these conversations have to progress to the point where we have a construction agreement. The other thing to keep in mind is we have mentioned in our prepared remarks that we expect that over the coming months, we will get even greater visibility. We will have a better sense of what the demand might be over the coming years and be able to incorporate that into our plans for incremental generation. So expect to put a greater stake in the ground, if you will, in February, which is when we believe we will be in a position to update some of those sales forecasts and update our IRP.
Robin: Great. Thank you. Appreciate the color.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed.
Paul Patterson: Hey. Good morning.
Marty Lyons: Hey, Paul. Good morning.
Paul Patterson: Just a few quick questions. On the refilled group plan, it looks like, I guess, they are going to have oral arguments, I guess, based on what the AG wanted. Any thoughts about that? I mean, at this late date that they are looking at doing that?
Marty Lyons: Yeah. Paul, I do not think I would read anything into that. Obviously, there are some differences, which I think because of the hard work of our teams along with the various stakeholders in these cases, we have really narrowed down the potential adjustments that folks have argued for. If you look on slide twenty-one in our materials, we laid out where the proposed rate base would be taking into consideration potential adjustments that have been advocated by various parties. You see where the staff is and where the ALJ came out. But I think it is normal that you would have oral arguments over the remaining differences. But again, I would point to the ALJ's proposed order, which certainly gives us confidence in terms of where this may land with the commission when they ultimately decide in December.
Michael Moehn: Hey, Paul. This is Michael. I was just going to add that these oral arguments have been scheduled for a long time, so that is fairly typical, and they are actually being held on November twentieth. So as Marty said, I think what we have today is a constructive data point from the ALJ. I think all the interveners are recommending approval of the grid plan at this point. We will just see where the arguments take us.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Great. And then on slide nine, you mentioned the transmission projects and the reliability and also the growing customer calls. I was wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more on the customer call side, like what this might mean to customers. Because we do not see them. Go ahead. I am sorry.
Marty Lyons: Yeah. No. It is okay, Paul. I mean, we are really referring to, and we added a bullet which we have not had in the past, about the customer benefits in a range of 1.3 to 5.6 times in terms of the portfolio cost. So that relates to the overall approximately $22 billion of projects. When MISO goes through these and they propose these various projects, one of the things they do is obviously estimate the cost of these projects, which we have listed, at least for the projects in our service territory down below. But they also do an assessment of what the benefits to the customers are going to be in relation to those costs. Each of these projects has the positive math behind it, if you will, that suggests that customers' costs over time will be lower as a result of these investments. So that is what we are really trying to convey.
Paul Patterson: Okay. But there is not going to be some dramatic cost, I guess, when these new lines show up and cheaper stuff comes in? Or is it sort of all mixed up together and it is going to take some time for it all to show up kind of thing?
Marty Lyons: Yeah. I think it will show up over time. I do not have any exact rate impact to point to.
Paul Patterson: I got it. Thanks. Okay. Then finally, on the new customers, you mentioned with one tranche of the new customers that there was 90% Missouri versus Illinois. I guess I was wondering when people are looking to, with all these robust discussions that you are having, is there more interest in one state versus another, or is there any flavor as to if there is, what might be driving that?
Marty Lyons: Yeah. Look. We have data center interest really in each of the states. So if you look over to the right, on that slide ten, we talked about tens of thousands of megawatts of potential new demand. You see various elements of that. I would say today in our pipeline, about 75% is data centers, 15% is manufacturing, and 10% is other, which is probably how that breaks down. Within that data center interest that we have got, about 65% of it is Missouri, and 35% of it is Illinois today in terms of what is in our pipeline. So there is clearly data center interest in each of the states. Each of the states is attractive for various reasons and in some cases, different reasons. But what we have announced today with respect to these construction agreements, which is more over on the left where we have 250 megawatts of data center demand, 100 megawatts of additional load from a variety of sources, it just so happens that 90% of that is actually in Missouri. About 10% of that is Illinois today in terms of those agreements that we have in place. Now, as we look ahead, certainly, the impact to us from an earnings perspective is going to be differentiated in the two states. In Illinois, obviously, if we have transmission or distribution investment that supports that load growth, we get the earnings impact of that. In Missouri, which is vertically integrated, we also have the impact of the opportunity to earn on any incremental generation.
Paul Patterson: Okay. But there is no specific reason for that? It just that is the way it fell out, I guess. Okay. I appreciate it. Thanks so much. Have a great one.
Operator: You bet. The next question comes from the line of Carly Davenport with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed.
Carly Davenport: Hey. Good morning. Thanks so much for taking my questions. Maybe just to follow-up on an earlier question on the earnings guidance range. As you think about 2025 growth at just over 7% relative to the midpoint of 2024, can you just give us your thoughts on looking forward where you see yourself in the range, just taking into consideration some of the incremental opportunities that you have highlighted and if there is any potential upside to that range going forward?
Marty Lyons: Yeah. Carly, look. In terms of our range, we have said 6% to 8% is our EPS CAGR that we are targeting for the period 2024 to 2028. As I mentioned earlier, when we look back, we have got a strong track record of delivering above the midpoint, above 7%, and our goals as we look ahead are to deliver at or above. As you said, we have some positive data points we are seeing today. Again, one of the things is the slow growth, which we just talked about. Some potential load growth. We are working hard to bring that to fruition for the benefit of our customers, our communities, and we are going to work hard to do that. At this point, I would say that is where we are at now. We will come out in February. We will provide our perspectives on load growth going forward, update our investment plans, and we will note any potential implications on guidance. But we feel good about the 6% to 8% and, again, our target of hitting at or above that midpoint. Michael, anything to add?
Michael Moehn: Hey, Carly. It is Michael. I think it is well said. The only other thing I might add is just again, the overall backlog of investment opportunities. Marty spoke about this earlier. We have got the $55 billion that we continue to point to. I think that pipeline remains robust. We talked about this opportunity just with the data centers. That could potentially drive some additional capital. So, I mean, your question specifically was what could take you to the upside of that? I think it is those additional investment opportunities over time. I think there is also opportunity, as Marty said, not only just from the data center, but the underlying economic data within, certainly in the Missouri territory, is very strong today. Just looking at the overall employment, the GDP rate, we are seeing customer growth, which we just alluded to. We are seeing customer account growth, population growth, and all of those things, I think, are a great backdrop. Then, yeah, we continue to think about just how do we optimize the financing in this going forward. So that is where I would probably leave it at this point.
Carly Davenport: Got it. Great. That is super helpful. And then maybe just another quick one. You have previously talked about some O&M reductions coming in the second half of the year. Looks like 3Q was still up year over year, but then you called out some efficiency in the earnings driver slides for 4Q. Are you able to give some color on what programs you are sort of pursuing there? And if what you have called out on the slides is all-inclusive of what you are looking at on O&M.
Michael Moehn: Yeah. You bet. And you are right. We have been pointing to this towards the beginning of the year. I said it was going to be in the back half. And I think you are certainly seeing that show up in Missouri. Specifically, you know, $0.05. You look at what we are pointing to in the fourth quarter, year over year expecting $0.03 and $0.01 in Missouri and Illinois Natural Gas, respectively. And, again, just consistent with some of the things I have talked about in the past. This is not something that is new to us. We have been after these programs for a long time. Beginning in the year, we talked specifically about some things that we were doing around just being thoughtful with respect to headcount, discretionary spend coming out of some of the Illinois decisions. I think we continued to lean into them. We continue to find more opportunities. Looking at spans and layers, looking at simplification. We just have an opportunity for us to be more consistent across our platform, which drives efficiencies, back-end reduction, overhead cost, etc. We do a lot of benchmarking in this. You see some of that public benchmarking, and we benchmark well, but in areas we have opportunities. So wherever we are benchmarking, constantly looking at how do we move up a quartile. I think the team is absolutely committed to this, and we have not exhausted all the opportunities at this point.
Carly Davenport: Got it. Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin Smith with Jefferies. Please proceed.
Brian (for Julien Dumoulin Smith): Yeah. Hi. Good morning. It is actually Brian. I am still on for Julien.
Marty Lyons: Brian?
Brian: Alright. Hey. Just to follow-up on Ameren Transmission. It looks like just the assumption in this 2025 versus 2024 looks like growth in rate base is pushing 9%, and it seems that the growth there is accelerating as we move through the five-year plan, approaching, I guess, the double-digit overall rate base growth CAGR. Is the near term in 2025 and 2026 really just the prior MISO tranche projects that have been approved and that you are developing? And then is there any possibility of these tranche two projects being pulled forward versus the early to mid-2030s target dates?
Marty Lyons: As it relates to the MISO projects, the tranche one projects, I tell you, the construction there is really going to take place between 2026 and 2030 is our projection today. Some of these MISO tranche 2.1 projects, those will probably go in service in the 2032 to 2034 time frame. We think most of the expenditures for those are outside of the current five-year period. Although, we will be certainly looking to accelerate those if possible. There is no reason that tranche two project work and tranche one project work cannot overlap. So we will be looking to bring this to fruition for the benefit of our customers and communities as soon as we can once they are approved and once they are assigned to us. Otherwise, we always have ongoing projects in the transmission space that are outside of those that are part of the tranche one or tranche two that are approved through annual MISO processes. Those continue to be foundational in our overall spending and growth in the transmission space.
Michael Moehn: The only thing I might add to that is, you think about those $55 billion pipeline. We have talked about this, about $5 billion is in there with respect to the LRTP projects. Brian, so you think about tranche one, we had the $1.8 billion assigned, the $700 million on the competitive projects. There will be some variation of those ultimately where they ended up settling out, but then you have tranche 2.1, which will again we will see what ultimately gets assigned or competitive, but there is $3.6 billion of eligible projects. Then you are going to obviously roll into this 2.2 tranche. I am just giving you the math if you kind of want to think about that $5 billion, and it is, yeah, you can see the pipeline associated with getting there pretty easily.
Brian: Okay. Great. And just as we look towards the 2025 Missouri legislative session, how active will Ameren be or involved in any proposed bills that I think might need to be proposed as early as this December, whether it is PISA for fossil fuel or gas-fired generation, any road for or, I guess, expanding expediting the generation review, which would tie into maybe your February 2025 IRP update.
Marty Lyons: Yeah. Look, those are all potential considerations. They are very logical. Last session, we were advocating for things along those lines, which was the expansion of PISA to be able to cover generation assets, extending the sunset date on the PISA, the generation assets that are included in our IRP. We did, and we will continue to advocate for the right of first refusal on transmission because, again, we think it is critical to get these transmission projects done sooner rather than later. Just talked about the great benefit-to-cost ratios they have got. Of course, I think their key as well is building incremental generation to making sure that we have got reliable power, low-cost power here in our region. Those are going to be key things that we focus on, and then my sense is that there will be a variety of other things that might be considered as we focus on, as a state, on economic development, job creation, and making sure that we have got a strong, reliable, affordable, balanced portfolio of energy resources to be able to meet the needs of prospective customers. Certainly, we will be considering all those things as we move towards that next legislative session.
Brian: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of David Paz with Wolfe Research. Please proceed.
David Paz: Hi there. Good morning.
Marty Lyons: Morning.
David Paz: You may have just hit on this, but let me ask it a little differently. Could you maybe elaborate on how these potential agreements with large load customers may transpire? Could they entail potential new generation that the customer helps cover directly, and then just how are regulators and policymakers facilitating those types of discussions if they are?
Marty Lyons: Yeah. No. Good question. As we look at some of the potential load growth specifically in Missouri where we are vertically integrated, we own generation. We have got to be thoughtful about what incremental resources might be needed to serve some of the incremental load. We mentioned on our last call with respect to the 350 megawatts of additional load that has been announced with the construction agreements. We have the available resources to be able to serve them. But as these load forecasts grow, we are going to need to consider additional resources. That is under consideration now. That is going to be what we will be trying to work through as we think about updating our integrated resource plan early next year. I think that plan when we file it will deliver more clarity in terms of our thoughts there. With respect to the incremental cost, it is something we need to think through as we think about the incremental investments that we made to serve all of our customers, including these additional customers, just need to think through the appropriate portion of the costs so that all parties are treated fairly. That is ongoing consideration, ongoing dialogue with some of the entities that are looking to expand here. I think those conversations will continue over the coming months.
Michael Moehn: Hey, David. It is Michael. I am just pointing out the obvious. Historically, we were a bit long. Right? We began this transition, and we have some of these plants closing. Obviously, we have less length today. Adding Castle Bluff that Marty spoke about earlier, that is definitely in the right direction. That is exactly what the team is evaluating as part of this IRP evaluation and whether we are going to need to file again, trying to take some various scenarios under these load growth opportunities and match that really up against our generation to see if we need to add additional generation on top of that.
Marty Lyons: Great. I would just say this. When you look at our IRP, you can see the elements that we might bring forward. We had renewable resources in there. We will be evaluating. Can we pull those forward? Can we pull forward battery storage technology? As Michael said, we have got some simple cycle, combined cycle that we need to add some additional gas-fired generation. These are the elements we are looking at as we think about updating that IRP.
David Paz: Okay. That makes sense. Then just on 2025 quickly, do you anticipate your consistent EPS growth guidance from February to be based off of 2025?
Marty Lyons: Got it. I mean, that has sort of been our historical practice, David. We will update based on whatever that midpoint is for that 2025 we have got. In this case, it is that $4.95. So that would be the expectation.
David Paz: Okay. Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Nick Campanella with Barclays. Please proceed.
Nick Campanella: Hey. Good morning. Thanks for taking my question. I got up a little late. I will try not to repeat. But clearly, you gave 2025 guidance earlier here, which is a sign of confidence going into next year. Capital is going up. How much capital is going up in the near term versus kind of the long term of your financial plan? Does that impact your equity needs? Do you still just kind of programmatically lean on the ATM, or would you contemplate other mechanisms around that? Thank you.
Michael Moehn: Hey, Nick. Michael here. From a capital perspective, I mean, I just continue to think in terms of the $21.9 billion that is out there. We have talked about a number of factors that we are updating for and just spent some time talking about this IRP. That is the process that we are going through, going through our typical capital planning process as we speak and putting the final touches on that. That is what we will come out with here in February. From a financing perspective, the plan that we put out there last February still stands today, focused on that $300 million. Got that largely done for 2024. Starting to lean into the 2025 piece. Got about $155 million of that done. In terms of ongoing financing assumptions, we have talked about this. We like our ratings where they are, the Baa1, BBB+. Downgrade threshold of 17 at S&P is, we have got quite a bit of margin there. The threshold metric for us is on S&P. It is 17. That is the one we will continue to watch. From a financing assumption standpoint, I would assume what we have sort of put out there at this point. So maintaining those and that consolidated equity ratio, around 40%, which is where it is today.
Nick Campanella: Thanks a lot. I appreciate that. Then maybe some considerations with the election that just happened. I believe that there are some EPA-driven investments in your plan today. Do you think any of that could change? How would you quantify your positioning around the new candidate? Can you also clarify if you have transferability cash flow in the plan? Thank you.
Marty Lyons: Yeah. There is a lot there. Obviously, the election just happened. When we think about the election, overall, one of the things to keep in mind is our strategy and our priorities of the company certainly do not change. Our focus is on making great infrastructure investments for the benefit of our customers and communities, advocating for energy policies to maximize that value, and, of course, as I mentioned before, seeking great economic development opportunities. We are going to be working with policymakers to make sure we maximize the benefit of those for our communities. While you did not ask about this, I think the most significant area of focus coming out of the federal elections probably could be around tax policy. As you know, as a fully regulated company, all the increases and decreases in taxes flow directly through to our customers' rates. Things like the corporate income tax rate, value of tax credits, those are things that have pretty meaningful effects on our customer rates. My sense is with Republican leadership, it is going to certainly be less likely that we see an increase in corporate taxes. I think that is positive for our customers from a bill perspective. I do expect there is going to be a conversation around some of these clean energy tax provisions in the IRA. I think we in our industry will all engage with policymakers on the considerations. My expectation is that Republicans will probably take a surgical approach to adjustments to the IRA given some of the direct customer benefits. For us, specifically, I would say the most meaningful benefits of the tax credits are around solar, battery storage, nuclear, and wind. Those are some of the things we will be thinking about. You mentioned transferability. Transferability of tax credits is important to us. We will make sure that policymakers are certainly aware of the importance of those too. Frankly, based on our IRP that we have on record, we filed, all of those things have a value of about a billion and a half positive value. Those tax credits do to our customers in Missouri alone. It is a significant benefit, and that is over about a ten-year period, the next ten-year period in our IRP. We will just make sure that as we engage with policymakers, whatever they decide, that at least they have those facts and they are aware of those benefits that we expect to have for our customers. At the end of the day, you should know that the investments in our system that we are going to make are whatever we think are appropriate from a reliability and affordability perspective and as we continue to adopt some of the new technologies that are out there. I think those are the biggest points with the election. You had mentioned EPA rules. I think that with respect to the EPA rules and the CapEx that we have in our plans today, I do not see those as changing. The EPA's greenhouse gas rules, on the other hand, that are working their way through the courts, I do expect that, ultimately, those rules would be stayed given some of the provisions that are in them with respect to carbon capture and storage and co-firing with natural gas. We will see what happens with respect to those proposed rules as we go through sort of a change in administration and change in legislature. But I think those rules, personally, in my mind, are flawed as they stand today. Those would be my comments. Any other questions from you?
Nick Campanella: I would say that you answered the four-part question very well. I appreciate it. Thanks.
Marty Lyons: Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes our question and answer session. I will turn the call back to Marty Lyons for closing remarks.
Marty Lyons: Terrific. Hey, thank you all for joining us today. As you can tell, we remain absolutely focused on closing out the year very strong, and we look forward to seeing many of you at the conference next week. Again, thank you very much, and everybody have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Enjoy the rest of your day.

===== 2024 Q2  (2024-08-02 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Ameren Corporation's Second Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Andrew Kirk, Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Modeling for Ameren Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Kirk. You may begin.
Andrew Kirk : Thank you, and good morning. On the call with me today are Marty Lyons, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Moehn, our Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer as well as other members of the Ameren management team. This call contains time sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. We have posted a presentation on the amerenvestors.com homepage that will be referenced by our speakers. As noted on Page 2 of the presentation, comments made during this conference call may contain statements about future expectations, plans, projections, financial performance and similar matters, which are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Please refer to the forward-looking statements section in the news release we issued yesterday, as well as our SEC filings for more information about the various factors that cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. Now here's Marty, who will start on Page 4.
Marty Lyons : Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone. We're pleased to have you joining us today as we cover our second quarter 2024 earnings results and recent developments across our business segments. Overall, it was a very productive and positive quarter. As always, our dedicated and experienced management team remained laser focused on executing our strategic plan, positioning us well to take advantage of future opportunities to drive significant value for our customers and shareholders. Speaking of opportunities, I'm tremendously excited about the investment opportunities ahead for us in this dynamic period for the utility industry. In my 20 plus years with the company, our economic development and sales growth pipeline is the most robust I have seen, which I'll touch on more in a moment. First, let me cover our earnings and operations results for the second quarter. Yesterday, we announced second quarter 2024 earnings of $0.97 per share compared to earnings of $0.90 per share in the second quarter of 2023. Key drivers of these strong results are highlighted on this page. And for the six months of the year, our results have been solid, driven by infrastructure investments made for the benefit of our customers, encouraging weather normalized retail sales and disciplined cost control. We remain on track to deliver earnings within our guidance range of $4.52 per share $4.72 per share. Turning to Page 5, our strategic plan is designed to deliver on our steadfast commitment to providing safe and reliable energy in a sustainable manner. We do this by investing in rate regulated infrastructure, enhancing regulatory frameworks, and advocating for responsible energy policies, while optimizing operating performance through ongoing continuous improvement in order to keep rates affordable. I'd like to express appreciation for my Ameren coworkers unwavering commitment to our strategy. On Page 6, we highlight our key accomplishments in the second quarter as we execute our strategy to deliver on our 2024 objectives. The strategic infrastructure investments we have made in the first six months of the year are designed to maintain the safety and reliability of the energy grid, to modernize the grid, and to harden against more frequent severe weather events. Over Memorial Day weekend, severe thunderstorms swept through Missouri and Illinois, bringing strong winds, flooding, and golf ball sized hail. As always, our teams quickly and safely assessed the damage, cleared trees, and worked long hours to make repairs to restore power as quickly as possible, allowing critical infrastructure to continue operations, businesses to remain open, and homes to stay cool and safe. But even better, during the first half of 2024, over 22,000 Missouri and 11,000 Illinois customer outages were prevented during storms due to rapid detection, rerouting and restoration of power by automated switches across our system and over 6.4 million minutes of customer outages across both states were avoided due to investments to modernize the grid. As we look ahead to future investment for the benefit of our customers, it's important to operate under constructive regulatory jurisdiction and legislative policies. This quarter, we've made significant regulatory advancements, which Michael and I will cover in more depth on the coming slides. At Ameren Missouri, our largest business segment, we continue to make regulatory progress with the Missouri Public Service Commission for new solar and natural gas generation, which supports our integrated resource plan. Our Cass County solar project was approved in June and is expected to be one of three solar projects placed in service this year, which collectively, along with Huck Finn and Boomtown, represent an investment of approximately $1 billion. The Commission also approved a constructive order for the securitization of costs associated with our Rush Island Energy Center in connection with its retirement in October of this year. And finally regarding generation updates, in June, we filed the CCN with the Missouri PSC for our dispatchable Castle Bluff Energy Center. Overall, we continue to make significant progress on our smart energy plan in Missouri, a combination of distribution, transmission and generation projects to bolster reliability and empower our customers. In late-June, Ameren Missouri filed its electric rate review request with the commission, which is substantially driven by infrastructure improvements made under this plan. If approved, Ameren Missouri customer rates would still remain well below national and Midwest averages. Turning to transmission, the Midcontinent Independent System Operator or MISO's long range transmission plan continues to evolve. In April, MISO concluded the bid evaluation process for the Tranche 1 competitive projects in our service territory, ultimately awarding all three competitive projects to Ameren. And they continue to develop the $23 billion to $27 billion Tranche 2.1 project portfolio, which promises meaningful brownfield and greenfield investment opportunities within our service territory. Finally, in Illinois, the Illinois Commerce Commission issued an order on the rehearing of Ameren Illinois' multi-year rate plan for 2024 through 2027. Importantly, the order supports our planned base level of grid reliability investment that is reflected in our 2024 earnings guidance. Further, the ICC order reflects 94% of the rate base in our ongoing multiyear rate plan proceeding. We look forward to an ICC decision on the multiyear grid investment and rate plans by the end of this year. In addition to these significant regulatory advancements, we have seen strong operational performance across the business with a focus on delivering safe, reliable, affordable energy service through enhanced automation, optimization, and standardization, which Michael will cover in more detail. Moving now to Page 7 for an update on our expanding customer growth opportunities. On the first quarter call, we touched on economic development opportunities in our service territory. Since then, collectively across Ameren Missouri and Illinois, we have seen a significant increase in the number of data center inquiries and formal engineering reviews underway, which combined would represent thousands of megawatts of additional demand. Our teams along with a variety of state and local stakeholders are working aggressively to attract these and manufacturing and other economic development opportunities to our service territories. Of course, Ameren has a strong track record of reliable infrastructure development and we have the people, resources, expertise and partnerships needed to go after these opportunities. Further, our Missouri and Illinois territories offer an attractive value proposition for commercial and industrial customers. This includes sites with transmission, fiber and water access coupled with competitive rates and tax incentives. In Missouri, we also have reliable generation with a growing portfolio of clean and dispatchable assets and the ability to expand in order to serve these economic development opportunities. So far this year, a construction agreement has been executed for a 250 megawatt data center, which would represent an approximate 40% and 5% annualized increase to Ameren Missouri's industrial megawatt hour sales and total megawatt hour sales respectively upon completion and full ramp up. Our construction to extend transmission and distribution services to support this data center is expected to be completed in December of 2025 with the customer ramping up operations from 2026 through 2028. In addition, we've received expansion commitments or executed new contracts for over 85 megawatts of additional load for manufacturing, smaller data centers and other industries across both states. We would expect these new and expanding customers to be fully ramped up by 2028 with sufficient generation to serve them, creating value for all customers over time. We're excited about these opportunities, which will bring jobs and additional tax base to benefit our state and local communities. Importantly, the new data center and other customer commitments were not reflected in the weather normalized sales expectations included in our five year earnings per share growth guidance issued in February. Of course, the ultimate net impact of any incremental load will be dependent upon a variety of factors, including customer ramp up time, additional generation investment needs, timing of rate reviews and tariff structures. To that end, we currently expect to update our Ameren Missouri Integrated Resource Plan or IRP by February 2025 following a careful evaluation of potential load growth and our planned generation portfolio. And we will work with all stakeholders to bring the economic benefits of these customer expansion opportunities to all customers, our communities, and shareholders. Turning to Page 8. We continue to execute our Missouri IRP, which focuses on maintaining and building a diverse generation portfolio to ensure a reliable, low cost and cleaner mix of energy resources to serve our customer needs. We had two key developments this quarter. First, in June, the Missouri PSC approved the CCN for the 150 megawatt Cass County solar facility, which is expected to begin serving customers in the fourth quarter of this year. This facility will serve business customers who subscribe through our Renewable Energy Solutions program to receive all or part of their energy needs from renewables. The Missouri PSC approval followed a successful auction held in May, where customers across Missouri signed up to take part in the Renewable Energy Solutions program expansion. Demand remains strong for programs that bring businesses readymade solutions to help them reach their sustainability goals. Second, in June, we also filed a CCN with the Missouri PSC for our Castle Bluff Energy Center, an on demand 800 megawatt natural gas simple cycle facility to serve as a reliable backup source of energy ready to operate on the most extreme winter nights and summer days. Castle Bluff, subject to commission approval, represents an approximately $900 million investment and is expected to be in service by the end of 2027. Moving now to Page 9 for an update on the MISO long range transmission projects. MISO and its transmission owners continue to engage in economic analysis of the Tranche 2 proposed set of projects. In June, an initial set of Tranche 2 projects now referred to as Tranche 2.1 were proposed with a cost estimate of $23 billion to $27 billion. The portfolio identifies a need for a mix of brownfield and greenfield transmission lines of varying voltage levels and new or improved substations in both our Missouri and Illinois service territories. Ultimately, we won 100% of the Tranche 1 projects in our service territories, reflecting our ability to deliver timely, cost effective, high value projects to our communities. We expect we'll be able to compete for Tranche 2 greenfield projects in a similarly competitive manner to better serve our customers. MISO expects to approve the Tranche 2.1 projects by the end of the year. Once approved, MISO plans to propose a second set of Tranche 2 projects or Tranche 2.2 in 2025 to address further transmission needs in the North and Midwest regions. Turning to Page 10, looking ahead over the next decade, we have a robust pipeline of investment opportunities of well over $55 billion that will deliver significant value to our stakeholders and create thousands of jobs for our local economies. In addition, we see several tailwinds forming across our business segments. Specifically, we are seeing significant sales growth potential, which I discussed a few moments ago, and this may require us to reassess our Ameren Missouri IRP and further expand our generation investment pipeline. We're seeing a growing focus amongst Missouri stakeholders on generation planning and reliability, and we see a strong need to embrace enhanced reliability focused policies in legislative sessions to come. Further, MISO's analysis of transmission needs in the Midwest region will likely identify additional opportunities to improve the ability to move electricity across the region. Maintaining constructive energy policies that support robust investment in energy infrastructure and to maintain reliability while transitioning to a cleaner energy future in a responsible fashion will be critical to meeting our country's growing energy needs and delivering on our customers' expectations. Moving to Page 11, in February, we updated our 5-year growth plan, which included our expectation of a 6% to 8% compound annual earnings growth rate from 2024 through 2028. This earnings growth is primarily driven by strong compound annual rate base growth of 8.2%, supported by strategic allocation of infrastructure investment to each of our business segments based on their regulatory frameworks. Investment in Ameren presents an attractive opportunity for those seeking a high quality utility growth story. Combined, our strong long term 6% to 8% earnings growth plan and an attractive and growing dividend, which today yields 3.4% result in a compelling total return story. We have a strong track record of execution, a strong balance sheet, and an experienced management team. I'm confident in our ability execute our investment plans and strategies across all four of our business segments. Again, thank you all for joining us today and I'll now turn the call over to Michael.
Michael Moehn : Thanks, Marty, and good morning, everyone. I'll begin on Page 13 of our presentation. Yesterday, we reported second quarter 2024 earnings of $0.97 per share compared to $0.90 per share for the year ago quarter. We delivered strong earnings performance during the quarter, driven primarily by strategic infrastructure investments and disciplined cost management. While earnings saw a strong benefit from favorable weather, we also continue to see encouraging levels of customer growth and energy usage. Further, through disciplined cost controls, operations and maintenance expenses companywide were flat for the quarter when excluding the impacts from non-reoccurring items as part of the 2023 Ameren Missouri rate order. Additional factors that contribute to the overall $0.07 per share increase are highlighted on this page. Year-to-date results are outlined on Page 24 of today's presentation. Notably, year-to-date 2024, we've experienced strong weather normalized industrial sales growth of 3% as compared to the prior year period. This has been driven primarily by significant growth from our existing large primary service customers in the digital and data analytics industry. We expect to see continued growth as we bring on new customers and support existing customers' expansions in the coming years. Further, we continue to see strong weather normalized kilowatt hour sales growth across all rate classes in Missouri. Moving to Page 14, as we think about the remainder of the year, we remain confident in our 2024 earnings guidance range and continue to expect earnings to be in the range of $4.52 to $4.72 per share. The warmer spring and early summer temperatures experienced this quarter offset the mild first quarter as we are flat year-to-date for weather. In addition, as we outlined in our first quarter call, we expect to see meaningful year-over-year O&M reductions in the second half of the year, reflecting several cost savings initiatives implemented in 2024, the benefits of which continue to build throughout the year. I encourage you to take these and other supplemental earnings drivers noted on the slide into consideration as you develop your expectations for quarterly earnings results for the remainder of the year. Moving to Page 15, Ameren Missouri Regulatory Matters. In June, the Missouri PSC approved the securitization of approximately $470 million of costs associated with the scheduled retirement of our Rush Island Energy Center on October 15. We expect the difference between our original ask of $519 million and the final order to be reflected in future rate proceedings. Turning to Page 16. In late June, Ameren Missouri filed for a $446 million electric revenue increase with the Missouri PSC. 90% of this request is driven by increased capital investment under Ameren Missouri Smart Energy Plan to recover investments in major upgrades to the electrical system and investments in generation. The request includes a 10.25% return on equity, a 52% equity ratio and a December 31, 2024 estimated rate base of $14 billion. We expect a decision from the Missouri PSC by May 2025 with new rates affected by June of next year. Turning to Ameren Illinois on Page 17. Under Illinois formula rate making, which expired at the end of 2023, Ameren Illinois was required to file annual rate updates to systematically adjust cash flows over time for changes in cost of service and to true up any prior period over or under recovery of such cost. For the final electric distribution reconciliation of 2023's revenue requirement, in July, the ICC staff recommended a $157 million base rate increase compared to our updated request of $158 million. The full amount would be collected from customers in 2025, replacing the prior reconciliation adjustment of $110 million that is being collected during 2024. This will result in a net customer impact of $48 million or an approximately 1.5% increase in the total average residential customer bill. The ICC will review this matter in the months ahead with a decision expected by December of this year and new rates effective early next year. Turning to Page 18 for an update on the multiyear rate plan covering 2024 through 2027. We are pleased to receive a constructive decision from the ICC in the rehearing of our multiyear rate plan. Recall in January, the ICC upon approving our rehearing request had ordered that we identify a base level investment needed to adequately operate the grid safely. In June, after extensive stakeholder engagement and additional analysis provided by our team, the ICC approved a $285 million cumulative revenue increase from 2023, representing approximately 94% of our rehearing request and a 1% average residential bill increase for 2024. Excluding OPEB, the order represents approximately 99% of our rehearing rate base request and also 96% of the rate base included in the revised multiyear rate plan, which will be reviewed by the commission later this year. Interim rates for this order were effective in late June and will remain in effect until superseded by a revised MYRP order. The [real] was a positive first step in getting a base level grid investment approved. However, there is still much work to be done in the State of Illinois to achieve the objectives laid out in The Climate and Equitable Jobs Act passed in 2021. Approval of our revised multiyear grid plan and rate plan will allow us to appropriately invest more in the energy grid to preserve safety, reliability and day-to-day operations of our system. And make progress towards an affordable, equitable clean energy transition. In July, the ICC staff recommended a cumulative revenue increase of $302 million versus our July 2024 updated request of $334 million with the variance driven primarily by the renewal of OPEB and certain capital projects from rate base. Annual revenues will be based on actual recoverable costs year-end rate base and a return on equity adjusted for any performance incentives or penalties provided they do not exceed 105% of the approved revenue requirement. Lastly, with the narrowing of remaining issues, cross examination was weighed for hearings earlier this week, and we expect an ICC decision by December with rates effective January 1, 2025. Moving to Page 19. We provide a financing update. We continue to feel very good about our financial position. Our Ameren parent credit ratings of Baa1 and BBB+ at Moody's and S&P, respectively, compare favorably to the peer average, providing us with financial flexibility. To maintain our credit ratings and a strong balance sheet while we fund a robust infrastructure plan we expect to issue approximately $300 million of common equity in 2024. By the end of 2023, we had sold forward approximately $230 million of this $300 million through the at-the-market or ATM program consisting of approximately 2.9 million shares, which we expect to issue by the end of this year. Together with the issuance under our 401(k) and DRIP plus programs, our ATM equity program is expected to support our equity needs in 2024. Turning to Page 20. Ameren continuously strives to find ways to work more efficiently to reduce costs for our customers. At the start of the year, we instituted several cost savings initiatives, including a detailed review of all hiring with a focus on spans and layers, reducing some of our contractor and consultant workforce. And deferring or eliminating discretionary spending while we identified further opportunities for sustainable cost reductions. Since then, we have enhanced our continuous improvement in disciplined cost management efforts through numerous customer affordability initiatives that will provide greater collaboration and coordination across our business. Through company-wide automation, standardization and optimization, we are streamlining processes, leveraging shared capabilities and eliminating redundant work to provide sustainable cost savings. Our leadership team is committed to prudently managing costs on behalf of our customers, while providing quality service and reliability. Turning to Page 21. We're off to a solid start in the first half of the year and expect to deliver strong earnings growth in 2024 as we continue to successfully execute our comprehensive business strategy. We continue to expect strong earnings per share growth driven by robust rate base growth and disciplined cost management. As Marty mentioned, we see several tailwinds forming in the months and years ahead. We have the right strategy, team and opportunities to create value for our customers and our shareholders. We believe this growth will compare favorably with the growth of our peers. Ameren shares continue to offer investors an attractive dividend. In total, we have an attractive total shareholder return story. That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: We'll now conduct a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question is from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shar Pourreza: So just real quick on Rush Island kind of the bid-ask saw you guys got a third-party media a few days ago. Any sort of read through from that to timing or where the process could land within that $100 million range?
Marty Lyons: Yes. Thanks, Shar. We posted a slide in the appendix, Slide 27. The just provides to be listening a little bit of background in the case. But we were pleased that the judge ordered mediation, which hopefully will lead to some constructive settlement negotiations between the parties. We expect the mediation to take place this summer in the event that mediation isn't successful in reaching a settlement between the party. We would expect that the judge would likely have evidence year hearings in September, and we'd still get a resolution of the case this year. So I don't think any read through on exactly where we'll end up between -- in that bid-ask spread, but nonetheless, we think, a positive step forward.
Shar Pourreza: Okay. Perfect. And then just on the transmission side, and obviously, it was a little topical as part of the on Tranche 2.0, 2.1. Any color at this point on how to think about the competitive allocation within that? Is it line by line, greenfield versus brownfield? And just remind us on potential timing of spend associated with these, what are in-service dates.
Marty Lyons: Yes, Shar. All good questions. So when you look at Tranche 2.1 and you look at the map that we provided on Page 9, you see a breakdown between the 765 kV lines and the 345 kV lines, and you see some of those in Missouri and Illinois. We're pretty excited about the way this is shaping up overall. With respect to the red lines, we see those as being more likely brownfield the green dotted lines more likely greenfield. And so you see a mix of those things there. At this point, no specific cost estimates for those lines that run in our service territory. The $23 billion to $27 billion numbers we give overall or MISOs estimates for the total portfolio, but I can't give you a breakdown right now on those that are in our footprint. And of course, if the brownfield, we would expect them to be allocated to us. If the greenfield, we would expect to compete for those. And we were very pleased with our ability to compete for the Tranche 1 projects. As we noted on our -- in our prepared remarks, really winning all three that were in our service territory. And Shar, at the end of the day, we think it speaks to our ability to deliver these projects in a timely way in a cost-effective way. Again, we feel like we are good at constructing these and great at operating them. And we've done a great job partnering with munis, co-ops, contractors and others to make sure we can deliver. Now with respect to the time line on the Tranche 1 projects, we really expect the construction of those to extend from 2026 to 2030. I think we have about $1.6 billion or so in our 5-year plan for those Tranche 1 projects. And then with respect to the Tranche 2.1 projects, I think largely that spend is probably outside of our 5-year plan. However, there's really no reason that these have to happen sequentially to the extent that any of these Tranche 2.1 projects can be started and overlap with some of the work on Tranche 1. No problem there. And again, excited about this Tranche 2.1, but also expect in Tranche 2.2 that we'll see even more projects in our Missouri and Illinois footprint. And so overall, again, just very pleased with the work MISO is doing here and the responsiveness to stakeholders in the process.
Operator: Our next question is from Nick Campanella with Barclays.
Nick Campanella: So I just wanted to ask on the data center construction slide. It just seems that you're really only kind of focusing on things where third is turning but you have -- looks like gigawatts of opportunity. The Missouri system seems to have capacity to supplement this 85-plus megawatts, if I'm right. But what do you think the tipping point is to really accelerate procurements in this next IRP? And I guess how many more megawatts do you think you'll have realistically kind of have clarity on by the time you get to that fine line?
Marty Lyons: Yes. Nick, those are all good observations and takeaways from the information we provided on Slide 7. When you look at that graph on the right, there, we talk about the economic development pipeline we have thousands of megawatts or gigawatts of opportunity. And in fact, that is true. So we've got just a number of parties that are doing engineering reviews and interconnection studies, and all of that's great. Those are initial processes. What we called out on the left, however, is -- you mentioned it turning. I would say when we have construction agreements, it means we have an executed agreement between ourselves and a data center, which confirms transmission capacity, cost to extend service and time lines, et cetera. And importantly, obligates the customer to pay for that extension of service with down payments for equipment. So you're right, things have begun to take shape. And so that's when we felt like we can move it into the category of really kind of talking about what we see in terms of the time line, how that would ramp up its overall size. And so pretty excited there to have a 250-megawatt data center that we see starting to use service in 2026 and ramping up through 2028. And of course, that's a nice tailwind as we think about that usage over that period of time. And then mentioned this other 85 megawatts. We're not just going after data centers from an economic development standpoint, really going after manufacturing and others. And that 85 megawatts that you mentioned is really a mix of manufacturing, smaller data centers, et cetera. So look, we're pretty excited. There's a -- certainly, I think you mentioned there's a concentration of interest in Missouri. And to the extent that this load grows, that very well may require that we would provide an update to our IRP. So again, we expect that over the coming 6 months or so that we'll see a firming of some of these other economic development opportunities. And as we further assess that load and what it means to our sales, and we give thought to what that means to our generation portfolio. That's where we expect that we would need to update our IRP with in mind right now, we're thinking February of next year.
Michael Moehn: Nick, this is Michael here. I might just add. That's a great update from Marty and just from an overall macro perspective, I mean, I think the backdrop in the St. Louis region is positive though, even putting aside this data center opportunity. I think we noted this in the slide, year-to-date sales residential up 2.5%, commercial 1.6%, industrial 3.1%. So a little bit over 2% year-to-date, which is a mark change where we've been in the past. And so there are some really positive things happening about 25,000 jobs created in the past year in the St. Louis region. One of the kind of hotter job markets here, unemployment rates running below the national average. So all of those things, I think, bode well with respect to all the things that Marty talked about as well.
Nick Campanella: And I guess just to count a few things that have changed in the fourth quarter when you kind of set this guidance of the 6% to 8%. The IRP is coming. You have this Tranche 2 visibility to MISO. I understand that, that's a little bit more longer dated. Obviously, we have more kind of clarity on Illinois with the rehearing process. But your stock is also up year-to-date, and that should also help your kind of financing accretion, if you're still doing that $600 million a year through the plan? And in the fourth quarter, you kind of talked about tracking towards the 6.2%. You said 6.2% when kind of discussing the 6% to 8%. Just how do you feel about your position within the 6% to 8% now? Has that improved a bit, with some of these tailwinds? How should we think about that?
Marty Lyons: Yes. Yes, Nick. I'd tell you that was a great question/statement. I think you got it right. If you look back at our track record over the past 10-plus years, we've been growing EPS at north of 7%. And that's our goal, which is to deliver at or above the midpoint of our earnings per share growth range. And as I sit here today versus where we were 6 months ago, I agree with you that there are a number of tailwinds that have been forming. Inflation has been interest rates have been moderating. Stock price has been improving. You're all right on all those things. Our demand outlook has been improving with data centers and other. Michael just talked about some of the job growth that we're seeing in the Greater St. Louis region. We're really excited about these transmission investment prospects we have with Tranche 1, Tranche 2.1, Tranche 2.2, all very exciting. We still have a tremendous amount of investment needed for grid modernization and the clean energy transition and we've got a really strong balance sheet to be able to get it done. So very excited about those prospects and again, when we look back just in terms of what our team was able to accomplish in the second quarter, I'm very proud of that overall. We continue to make great investments for the benefit of our customers. And on Page 6, we'll set out a half dozen things that we completed during the second quarter that really position us for success in the years ahead. And I have to say this was all accomplished by a team that is also, at the same time, really focused on customer affordability. We put a lot of cost savings initiatives in place this year and the team overcame that and delivered a really strong quarter from an operations and earnings standpoint. And again, I think you're right, we're set up very well for the future given some of the tailwinds we have.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to pick up -- I guess, start with the Chevron doctrine here. In recent changes, does that impact your thought process going forward? Or any thoughts you could share there?
Marty Lyons: Yes. Nick, I don't know that it really changes our thought process going forward. Obviously, Chevron is going to probably have far-reaching implications for federal agencies and core proceedings going forward. Of course, it doesn't affect any prior cases. I mean I think when the Supreme Court ruled on Chevron, they basically said, "Hey, this doesn't call into question any prior cases”. But my sense is it will impact ongoing rule makings and court reviews as it relates to things coming out of FERC or things coming out of EPA, et cetera. So again, I think there'll be far-reaching impacts, but I'll leave it to the lawyers that are working through all those matters to assess how it may impact things.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. This is Jeremy. But Nick a friend, so we're all good here. But maybe to follow up on the -- just as far as that -- it just seems like a vast opportunity set with the multiple gigs you're talking about and how you think about, I guess, conversion rate there. It still seems like a sizable opportunity. But just wondering, there talks about double counting out there. So just wondering how you, I guess, think about that whole process.
Marty Lyons: Yes, Jeremy. I don't think I called you Nick, but if I did, I apologize. But in any event, Jeremy, it's a good question. I think, again, when I did respond to Nick earlier, I think that, again, we're going to be conservative, I would say, in how we bring these things into our guidance. Obviously, when we gave our guidance at the beginning of the year, none of this was in our load growth projections. And so we're going to be thoughtful about it. As I said earlier, we thought it'd be good to share with you all the economic development pipeline that we have, and it's robust. But again, a large amount of this is still in the process of engineering reviews and interconnection studies, and so we're really excited about that. And as I said in the prepared remarks, our team as well as state local, stakeholders are working hard to bring these fruition. We think that our -- both of our states, Missouri and Illinois should be very competitive with respect to these opportunities. Again, access to transmission, fiber, workforce, water, all those things, both of our states have very good sales and use tax incentives. I think we're two of just 26 states that have these and our incentives are very competitive with those that do. So we feel like we're positioned very well to convert these and bring these to fruition. But to your point, Jeremy, it's hard to know with some of these folks. They're looking at our sites, they're looking potentially at sites in other states. And so we're going to be conservative about how we bring those into our guidance. Again, just repeating, we felt comfortable talking about this 250-megawatt data center because we have a construction agreement. We think that's a firmer position to be in. And then as we update our sales guidance again in February, we'll incorporate those opportunities that we believe are firmer like this one that has a construction agreement.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful there. Maybe just picking up real quick with stakeholders in the state, our conversations with stakeholders in Missouri seem to indicate a view of constructive commentary, I guess, coming out of the commission there, and we've seen some kind of changes over time with the composition. I'm just wondering, any updated thoughts you could share on Missouri. Any changes you see there?
Marty Lyons: Well, I would just say that I'd refer you back just to even this past quarter, Jeremy, and some of the things that we accomplished from a regulatory standpoint, which is back on Page 6. The approval of the Cast County project. We filed the CCN for the 800-megawatt Castle Bluff natural gas energy center, some of the commentary coming out of the commission suggests a desire for more dispatchable resources and understanding that we need that for reliability. So we're excited to make that filing. We got the approval of the securitization. So I think that what we're seeing is a continuation of constructive regulatory results in Missouri, the commission is going to have a forum to talk about reliability for the state looking forward, and we think that's a constructive thing. We're seeing these exciting economic development opportunities, and we need to make sure that Missouri has the resources to serve our existing customers and those additional economic development opportunities. So we think, again, that's a good constructive forum setting up for the future.
Operator: Our next question is from Carly Davenport with Goldman Sachs.
Carly Davenport: Maybe just to start to go quickly back to the IRP update that you guys expect to file early next year. Recognize you've got the low growth element that could have an impact there. But could you also talk a little bit about the expectations around resource mix as you sort of have some more time to work through the EPA regulations?
Marty Lyons: Yes. Carly, it's a good question. And look, it's -- something we file in February, a lot of work to be done, as I mentioned, really trying to assess the load growth, get our arms around, what of this will come to fruition, how do we want to serve it. I think when you look at the IRP that we filed back in September 2023, it was a good mix of resources, maintaining our existing dispatchable assets thinking about bringing in a mix of renewables, dispatchable resources like simple cycle gas combined cycle gas as well as battery storage technologies. And my sense is that if we see load growth that we're going to build into our plans going forward, it probably means in the short-term, an acceleration of some of the renewables, the batteries and very possibly additional simple cycle natural gas. When you look longer term, we will have to give some thought as we file that, and to your point about how we think about the EPA's proposed greenhouse gas rules. And that may be impacted by whether the Supreme Court issues the stay of those later this year. But again, I would just say the things we have to think about, as I mentioned on one of our prior calls is the implications of those rules for carbon capture at our planned combined cycle facility as well as co-firing with gas at our Labadie Energy Center. And so those are some of the things we'll be thinking about. And given the uncertainty of whether that greenhouse gas rule will ultimately come into effect, we'll have to think about how we do or don't reflect that in our plans going forward. So a lot to think about. So I appreciate you teeing it up. I don't have any firm answer for you today, but those are some of the considerations.
Michael Moehn: Yes. Carly, it's Michael. The only thing I might add to that is with respect to some of these environmental rules, there probably are some regrets moves that we'll continue to look at. Marty mentioned this co-firing issue, trying to make sure we have access to gas some of these facilities that we don't have today. So taking some steps there that we think probably are prudent just to give us some additional flexibility, not knowing exactly where these rules will ultimately end up.
Carly Davenport: Got it. Okay. That context is super helpful, and we'll stay tuned there. The follow-up is just on MISO Tranche 2. I know you guys addressed kind of Tranche 2.1 a bit earlier. But could you talk a little bit about 2.2 kind of how that split of the tranches came about. And ultimately, if you have any views on what that could look like from a sizing perspective relative to Tranche 2.1 and also Tranche 1.
Marty Lyons: Yes, I'll -- this is Marty again, Carly. I'll start. I think is MISO looked at these projects and heard from stakeholders, there was some logical order in terms of how you might want to build out some of the infrastructure that we believe is ultimately going to be required in the Midwest region, given all of the region's goals with respect to clean energy transition and what MISO sees in terms of potential relocation of generation facilities and load, et cetera. So I think it was more or less what's a logical order to build some of these things out and then to step back and use the expectation of these investments in the consideration and planning for the next set of projects. Now with that said, I'd mentioned, for example, we have this 345 line that they're planning in Missouri. It may or may not preclude the need for a 765 line, which was in the last presentation presented. We also don't see a whole lot of investment on the current map in the Southern part of Illinois and extending Indiana, so we may see some more investment there. But again, it's premature. Again, we'll get these finalized by MISO expecting this year. Talking to MISO, while they've been at it working on potential for 2.2, there's still a lot of more work to be done, which is why they really don't expect to get those approved until sometime into 2025. So look, I just think it's really premature to talk about what those might be and what the size of it's going to be. I don't think it will be insignificant in terms of the additional investment there probably premature to specifically speculate.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: Just to follow-up on the weather and the sales growth and what have you. [Indiscernible] correct that absent you would be up 2%. And with EMEA, it's flat. Is that pretty much right? Or if you could just elaborate a little bit on that. I apologize for not being completely clear.
Michael Moehn: Paul, this is Michael. From a year-to-date standpoint, again, residential is up 2.5%, 1.6% on the commercial side and 3.1% on the industrial side. So about 2.2% overall. With EMEA impact, I mean, it is a little bit less than that. I don't have it right here in front of me. But overall, I mean, look, it's just -- it's been much stronger than it has historically been.
Paul Patterson: I apologize. I was just looking at Slide 24, and if I looked at it, it seems to say like versus normal, it was zero. So in terms of -- at least on the EPS impact. So I'm just sort of -- if I -- so if I'm looking at it, I just wanted to -- it sounds like you guys have -- it is really working in terms of its impact on keeping for efficiency. Am I right about that? Or --
Michael Moehn: Well, I mean, there certainly is some impact from an energy efficiency standpoint. Although I think it's less than that. I mean the one thing that you're not seeing in here a little bit is a bit of price variance. So as you're switching kind of from between summer and when at rates, you get some different price variances in the block sales. And so when you strip that out, that's masking a little bit of the growth there and that will -- should like it typically does will flip around as you kind of move through time. So -- but I mean, EE does have an impact.
Marty Lyons: Yes. I think, Paul, if you're looking at that zero versus normal, what that's really just meant to say is that the weather to date has been normal. In the first quarter -- Yes. In the first quarter, weather was weak, second quarter weather was strong. What we're saying here is year-to-date there's been no weather impact versus normal conditions.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Sorry about that. Okay. And then with respect to your low forecast and the IRP that's going to be refreshed. I was wondering can you give us maybe just a little bit of a sense as to it sounds obviously like you've got a lot of positive things happening here. What kind of maybe range we might be looking at in terms of when the IRP -- when it's refreshed like how much it might go up?
Michael Moehn: Yes Paul, Michael here again, a bit premature, I think, to get into that conversation. Again, I mean as we came out in February, and I probably recall this, I mean we've been seeing historically kind of flat to up maybe 0.5% in terms of growth. And then I think there's been some positive updates as we've kind of moved through the year here and I just went through the year-to-date statistic. I mean we will absolutely do that. I think we're just wanting to make sure we feel good about the confidence level around, as Marty mentioned, around a number of these data centers, et cetera. And as we, I think, kind of March through time, we're going through our typical update and planning processes we always do right now. And so we'll do that here into the fall and then I think be in a much better position as we refresh that IRP and refresh that sales forecast, to give you a sense. Again, just -- I think we've used a little bit of the statistic in the past. I mean, just from an industrial perspective, that 250-megawatt project that Marty referenced, I mean that would represent about a 40% increase in our industrial sales and about an overall 5% increase in Missouri's retail sales. Just to give you a sense of it.
Marty Lyons: Yes. And I think, Paul, following up on Michael's comment there, I mean, we have the ability to serve that data center today with our existing mix of resources and the planned additions that we've got. So as we set up that IRP update, it's really about thinking about those thousands of megawatts that are in the queue today, looking -- doing its engineering studies, interconnection studies and really working with them and giving more thought to what if that's going to come to fruition? And what changes to the IRP might need to be made in light of those?
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then just should we think of this as sort of a consumer that the existing resources can serve all this? Is this basically going to be something that would help customers or even near-term at least in terms of just more cost being spread over more megawatt hours or is there an economic development issue that's happening here that -- I guess what I'm trying to say is, with your -- how should we think about this impacting rates vis-a-vis earnings if you follow what I'm saying, at least in the near-term?
Marty Lyons: Yes. Well, the customers that are signing on today, the 250 megawatts as well as the 85-plus megawatts are really utilizing existing tariffs that we have in place today that obviously have been vetted by the commission and put in place. And the goal of any of these tariffs is to make sure that costs are allocated appropriately and spread appropriately amongst customer classes. I think sit here today, I think we're fine. As we move through time, if we have thousands of megawatts that come to fruition, and we start to think about the different resources we may need to put in place to serve them. We're going to have to be thoughtful about what the appropriate tariffs are for those customers to make sure that they pay a fair price and that value again, accrues to all of our customers and communities.
Operator: Our next question is from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho.
Anthony Crowdell: Just one quick one, kind of like a follow-up and maybe challenging to answer. I mean if I think back to -- and I know you guys don't have the exposure to the PJM capacity auction, but if I think back 10, 15 years ago, where we started to see some real bullish prices on capacity, I think the utilities kind of in that part of the country really responded with higher CapEx and the regulators really supported it. If we fast forward maybe last December, Illinois really, I think, tend to message or maybe slow down the CapEx spend in the state. I know you're not exposed to PJM capacity prices, but do you think the Illinois regulators maybe change their view and maybe realize the value of the added infrastructure maybe to help our customer build as more way to get power to them?
Marty Lyons: Yes. Look, I think in both states, I mentioned this earlier and the commission having a forum on reliability and resource adequacy and the same concerns I know exists in Illinois. And so, we'll see how policies shift and change over time. But look, I think at the end of the day, all stakeholders in both states. And certainly us as a utility and other service providers were all concerned and mindful of resource adequacy, reliability, affordability and a clean energy transition. And so I think your intuition is right that as you see cost pressures grow because of things like capacity prices or you see the need to support economic development and growth logically, you're going to have to start to think about the policies that support those things and resource adequacy. So I think your intuition is correct.
Operator: Our next question is from David Paz with Wolfe Research.
David Paz: So I just -- one thing just popped up a listen your responses. Just have you provided what of just a simple rule of thumb from sensitivity on EPS for every 1% increase in industrial sales?
Michael Moehn: Yes. We have historically, David. For every 1% on the industrial side, it's about $0.05 here's a good way to think about it. Now that change will change over time as you kind of move through and you got to change the generation mix, et cetera. But I mean, I think it's probably a decent rule of thumb today.
David Paz: And just on the discussions, and I know there's been plenty of questions here on attracting large load and the efforts you're making. But just what have you to rate stakeholders and leaders that what you need from a ratemaking standpoint. And could we see efforts to add trackers or riders expect the amortization of the large load or maybe an expansion of piece? I guess what are you telling them that [indiscernible] -- sorry, in Missouri.
Marty Lyons: Yes. I think David, all things for consideration. As I mentioned a few moments ago, with respect to the data center that we show on Page 7, this 250-megawatt data center and the other 85 megawatts of load, again, they're able to use our current industrial tariffs, and we're able to serve them with our current generation and plan generation. So no need for any special tariff there. Over time, as I said, to the extent that these other opportunities come to fruition, we may need to think about special tariffs. One thing to point to is we just had that Cass County Solar project approved. And there, we did put a special sort of tariff arrangement into place to ensure that there was a -- an appropriate apportionment of cost between our customer base as well as those industrial customers that are going to take power from Cass County. So we do have some experience working with the commission to put special tariffs in place. And we'll be giving thought to that as we move forward with additional data centers that we may be able to serve. And then to your point on -- I think it was on PSA, Certainly, one of the things we pursued legislatively last spring that had very good support was the extension of PSA to dispatchable generation. Such as the simple cycle assets that we're planning and combined cycle asset that we're planning. And so again, we had very good support for that. Again, the legislative session ended with that not getting across the finish line, but certainly expect that strong support as we go into next year.
Operator: Our next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Jefferies.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Just following up on this, right? So just on the process behind the -- shall we say, shorter-term procurement potential here, right? You alluded to it earlier, obviously, you have enough resources to deal with the 250 here initially. Perhaps that's not it, as you alluded to -- how do you think about the process itself, right? You do typically these IRPs at relatively consistent periods interims as well as there's a construction cycle behind that. There's a PSC process behind that you mentioned kind of the shorter-term potential in the medium-term potential need. How do you think about expediting that? We've seen that potentially in some of your adjacent jurisdictions? How do you think about that, A; and then, B, going back to the point raised, would you expect some of these tariff dynamics just play out in the, like, should we say, a subsequent rate case process beyond the current instance?
Marty Lyons: Yes. All good questions, Julien. So first of all, as I mentioned, with respect to these opportunities, we're certainly not waiting. We and other stakeholders around the states are aggressively interacting with these folks that are doing these engineering reviews, interconnection studies and doing everything we can to be able to support them and locating these facilities either in Missouri or Illinois as is appropriate. And so we're aggressively doing that. When you look at some of opportunity. Think about this 250-megawatt one that we talked about specifically. They’re going to be in service in 2026, ramping up usage through 2028. And that's what we're hearing from any of these is really a desire to ramp up over time. And so the idea is that, that would sort of dovetail with an update to the IRP, where we would potentially accelerate some of the planned additions, perhaps add some additional resources that we would get in place in time to be able to serve this load as it grows. When you think about that, certainly, there are some limitations. But when you think about that 800-megawatt simple cycle that we're putting in our plans today, the Castle Bluff about 4 years to get that in service between turbines, transformers, construction time line, et cetera. So we feel like we'll be able to work with some of these data center opportunities, get the IRP updated and filed. And hopefully be able to sort of have all these things dovetail and brought together at the right pace and speed. And yes, in terms of the any kind of changes in tariffs. We think those can happen both inside the context of a rate review or outside of a rate review. So we think we have flexibility there.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay. Even outside of the rare review, nice. It sounds like you got something in mind already. All right. And then separately quickly, just coal ash new rigs here in the last few months. I'm just curious on AROs accumulating and just the thoughts about some of the twist here.
Michael Moehn: Hey, Julien, Michael here. It's really not a significant issue for us. I mean we did go through and a couple of AROs, but a really immaterial amount. If you think about our exposure from a coal ash standpoint, I mean, we really got in front of this issue, probably 7 or 8 years ago. All of our ponds are closed or in the process of being finalized here. And so just not a lot of additional exposure, just a little bit of stuff around the edges.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I'd like to hand the floor back over to Marty Lyons for any closing comments.
Marty Lyons: Yes. Thanks, everybody, for joining us today. Some great questions. Appreciate the dialogue. Look, overall, we are really pleased to share our updates with you today, and we remain absolutely focused on strong execution for the remainder of this year. And we look forward to seeing many of you in the coming months. So with that, thanks. Have a great day. Have a great weekend.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2024 Q1  (2024-05-03 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Ameren Corporation’s First Quarter 2024 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are on a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Andrew Kirk, Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Modeling for Ameren Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Kirk, you may begin.
Andrew Kirk: Thank you, and good morning. On the call with me today are Marty Lyons, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Moehn, our Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; as well as other members of the Ameren management team. This call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today’s live broadcast, and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. We have posted a presentation on the amereninvestors.com homepage that will be referenced by our speakers. As noted on Page 2 of the presentation, comments made during this conference call may contain statements about future expectations, plans, projections, financial performance and similar matters, which are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Please refer to the forward-looking statements section in the news release we issued yesterday as well as our SEC filings for more information about the various factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. Now, here’s Marty, who will start on Page 4.
Marty Lyons: Thank you, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today as we discuss our first quarter 2024 earnings results. Our team continues to successfully execute on our strategic plan across all of our business segments, allowing us to deliver for our customers, shareholders and the environment, while laying a strong foundation for the future. Turning now to Page 5. Yesterday, we announced first quarter 2024 earnings of $0.98 per share compared to earnings of $1 per share in the first quarter of 2023. The key drivers of our first quarter results are outlined on this slide. Overall, our operating performance was strong during the quarter. We had periods of extreme cold weather in January and our natural gas and electric systems and our operating teams performed well. On balance, however, weather was mild during the quarter, marked by unseasonably warm temperatures in February and March. Despite the mild temperatures, our retail sales grew driven by encouraging signs of customer growth and usage. While we experienced higher operations and maintenance expenses, that was driven largely by a charge for proposed additional mitigation relief related to the Rush Island Energy Center New Source Review litigation. Despite the year-to-date weather headwinds and the Rush Island charge, our team is taking steps to contain spend, and we remain on track to deliver within our 2024 earnings guidance range of $4.52 per share to $4.72 per share. I’ll provide an update on our Rush Island Energy Center proceedings, and Michael will cover the first quarter and balance of the year earnings results in a bit more detail later. Moving to Page 6. On our call in February, I highlighted some of our top priorities for 2024 as we invest strategically, enhance our operating jurisdictions and optimize our business processes. Our team’s unwavering commitment to these objectives has already begun to produce results, as you can see on Page 7. Our investments continue to improve the reliability, resiliency, safety and efficiency of our service to our customers. In the first three months of this year, we have invested significant capital for the benefit of our customers. During the quarter, Ameren Missouri installed over 55,000 smart meters, 60 smart switches, 15 miles of energized underground cable, 8 miles of hardened overhead lines and upgraded 5 substations. In Illinois, our first quarter investments included replacing 550 poles due to standard inspections and storm damage, replacing switchgear at a key substation and installing 30 miles of underground cable for relocations, new customers and aged cable replacement. Further, our transmission business is on track to complete over 15 new or upgraded transmission substations and 45 miles of new or upgraded transmission lines in the first half of the year. These critical investments support our commitment to delivering safe and reliable energy for the benefit of our customers and we are seeing the benefit in 2024 in terms of reduced outages and shorter outage durations as a result of spring storms. For example, during the recent April storm, over 7,500 Missouri customer outages were prevented due to rapid detection, rerouting and restoration of power by automated switches across our system in over 2.3 million minutes of customer outages were avoided due to these investments. Moving on to first quarter regulatory and legislative outcomes. In March, Ameren Missouri received Missouri PSC approval of our largest-ever solar investment, three projects representing a total of 400 megawatts capable of powering approximately 73,000 homes. The approval of certificates of convenience and necessity, or CCN, for these projects is another constructive step along the pathway to executing our Ameren Missouri Integrated Resource Plan, or IRP. On the legislative front, the Missouri General Assembly is addressing power quality and reliability by considering bills to enhance and extend the current plant-in-service accounting, or PISA, legislation that would support investment in dispatchable resources and reliability. PISA has supported much needed reliability investments in the state’s energy grid over the past five years. While these bills, House Bill 1746 and Senate Bills 740 and 1422, have strong bipartisan support, time is short in the current general assembly session ends Friday, May 17. While the legislature has many priorities, we will continue to work with key stakeholders towards passage. At Ameren Transmission, progress continues to be made on the long-range transmission regional and beneficial projects, which I will cover in more detail in a moment. Turning to Illinois Electric delivery. We continue to diligently work for approval from the Illinois Commerce Commission, or the ICC of an electric grid investment plan, revised revenue requirements incorporating ongoing and prospective investments and an overall improved regulatory environment. In January, the commission granted a partial rehearing of our multi-year rate plan to address the base level of investment needed to operate the grid reliably. Subsequently, in February, we filed an updated plan as part of the rehearing proceeding. Then in March, we filed our revised multi-year grid and rate plans to address the commission’s findings stated in their December order. The rehearing and revised multi-year grid and rate plan proceedings are operating in parallel and with update rates for 2024 through 2027. We expect a decision from the ICC on the rehearing in June, which would provide a 2024 interim rate adjustment by July. We expect an ICC decision on the revised multi-year grid and rate plans by the end of the year, which would revise rates beginning January 2025. We continue to work with all impacted stakeholders to advocate for constructive regulatory frameworks and outcomes that support the state’s energy transition goals. Our ability to invest and deliver reliable and affordable energy is essential for our customers and the communities we serve and will support continued growth in our region. Moving on to operational matters. We remain committed to maintaining disciplined cost management to hold operations and maintenance expenses flat in 2024 to 2023 levels. I’d like to express my sincere appreciation to our Ameren team members who are working efficiently, collaboratively and safely to serve our customers. Now moving to Page 8 for details on the Rush Island securitization case at Ameren Missouri. Our request with the Missouri PSC to securitize the remaining balance of the Rush Island Energy Center and other related costs continues to make progress. In March, the Missouri PSC staff recommended securitization of $497 million as compared to our request of $519 million. Refinancing these investments through the issuance of securitized bonds, versus financing and recovery through traditional ratemaking will save our customers millions of dollars. Hearings were completed in April, and we expect the PSC’s decision by June 21. Now turning to Page 9 for an update on the new source review proceeding for Rush Island. As previously reported in 2017, the U.S. District Court of Eastern Missouri issued an order requiring the installation of a flue gas desulfurization system or scrubbers on our Rush Island Energy Center for violating new source review provisions of the Clean Air Act and install a dry sorbent injection system at our Labadie Energy Center, as mitigation for excess emissions at Rush Island. Upon appeal, the A circuit upheld the district court’s ruling with respect to the installation of scrubbers at Rush Island, but overturn the decision with respect to Labadie. Subsequently, we made the decision to accelerate the planned retirement of our Rush Island Energy Center, which was more economic for our customers than installing scrubbers. The District Court approved Ameren’s retirement proposal and established a retirement date of no later than October 15, 2024 to allow for the completion of various transmission reliability projects. The U.S. Department of Justice is seeking additional mitigation relief beyond the retirement of the energy center. In March of this year, the District Court ordered both parties to file proposals outlining additional mitigation relief for the court to consider. On Wednesday, Ameren Missouri and the DOJ filed their respective mitigation proposals. Ameren’s mitigation proposal consists of four essential elements: retirement of Rush Island, which eliminates all emissions through its previously planned 2039 retirement date, a school bus electrification program, including buses and charging stations, an air filter program geared towards underserved residential customers and surrender of sulfur dioxide allowances. Collectively, these programs are estimated to cost approximately $20 million, which resulted in a first quarter charge to earnings. The Department of Justice mitigation proposal includes a significantly greater number of buses, charging stations and advanced filters. The DOJ estimates their aggregate program cost to be approximately $120 million. We expect an evidentiary hearing will be scheduled sometime this summer, and we expect the District Court will issue a final ruling during the second half of 2024 that could be subject to further appeals. Before moving on, I’d like to provide an update on the series of new rules issued by the Environmental Protection Agency last week. As you know, Ameren Missouri remain committed to investing in a clean energy transition in a responsible manner, balancing reliability and affordability. The new rules expect generators to rely heavily on carbon capture and storage technologies, which are not ready for full-scale economy-wide deployment. These new rules apply not only to existing coal-fired units, but new gas-fired units with greater than 40% capacity factors as well, which would include the gas combined cycle facility called for in our current IRP in the early 2030s to maintain system reliability. In addition, for coal units retiring between 2032 and 2039, the rules will require natural gas co-firing by 2030. And as we noted in our comments to the proposed rules, co-firing with natural gas presents challenges from a permitting and construction standpoint. These requirements would most directly impact our Labadie Energy Center, which has units scheduled to retire in 2036 and 2042. While we are still assessing the impact of the rules on our Integrated Resource Plan, these new rules are making it more challenging and costly to maintain existing dispatchable generation or build new dispatchable generation. These challenges come at a time when supply and demand is tight, and the industry has seen significant potential load growth, particularly from data centers, the manufacturing industry and through the electrification of transportation. We will continue to closely review the final regulations and as with many environmental regulations, litigation by various stakeholders is likely. These rules, if not modified, would require significant investments beyond what’s in our current 10-year pipeline to meet compliance obligations and maintain a reliable system. Moving to Page 10. We look ahead to our future renewable generation developments. As I mentioned in March, the Missouri PSC approved CCNs for three Ameren Missouri solar projects totaling 400 megawatts. Split Rail, Vandalia and Bowling Green, all located in Missouri. The Missouri PSC in its March order also set terms upon which a fourth solar facility, the 150-megawatt Cass County, Illinois project could be approved if it is fully subscribed under Ameren Missouri’s renewable solutions program. The renewable solutions program is a subscription-based program that allows eligible businesses and organizations to manage their carbon footprint by replacing up to 100% of their total energy use with renewable sources. The online auction for customers to subscribe to the Cass County Solar Project is expected to take place in mid-May with Missouri PSC approval of the Cass County CCN expected following full subscription. Initial non-binding notices of intent for the subscription auction will receive from interested businesses in early April and reflected strong interest. Investing in solar energy is part of Ameren Missouri’s plans to affordably meet the long-term energy and reliability needs of our customers. The IRP calls for new dispatchable energy resources, including an on-demand 800-megawatt gas simple-cycle energy center by 2027 which could be turned on as needed in a matter of minutes to ensure reliability of the energy grid during periods of peak energy demand. Later this month, we expect to file a request for a CCN for this simple cycle plant, Castle Bluff Energy Center, to be located on the site of our retired Meramec Energy Center. Moving to Page 11. The Midcontinent Independent System Operator, or MISO, continues to advance its long-range transmission planning and project approval processes. For Tranche 1, we were pleased to be selected in April to develop the third and final competitive project in our service territory, which again emphasizes our track record of being able to deliver cost-effective, high-value projects to our communities. Ultimately, Ameren was assigned or awarded approximately 25% of total Tranche 1 portfolio projects addressing the MISO Midwest region in 100% of the projects in our service territory. We expect Tranche 1 construction to substantially begin in 2026 with completion dates through 2030. Looking ahead to Tranche 2, in March, MISO announced a long-range transmission Tranche 2 proposed project portfolio estimated to cost $17 billion to $23 billion, which included significant investments within our Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois service territories. Since then, we, and other key stakeholders, have been working with MISO to evaluate and comment on the portfolio of projects to assist MISO in ultimately approving the most appropriate path forward. MISO expects to vote on Tranche 2 in the third quarter of 2024. Moving to Slide 12. Looking ahead over the next decade, we have a robust pipeline of investment opportunities of more than $55 billion that will deliver significant value to all of our stakeholders by making our energy grid stronger, smarter and cleaner. Of course, our investments also create thousands of jobs for our local economies. Maintaining constructive energy policies that support robust investment in energy infrastructure and a transition to a cleaner future in a responsible fashion will be critical to meeting our country’s growing energy needs and delivering on our customers’ expectations. Turning to Page 13. In February, we updated our five-year growth plan, which included our expectation of 6% to 8% compound annual earnings growth rate from 2024 through 2028. The earnings growth is primarily driven by strong compound annual rate base growth of 8.2%, supported by strategic allocation of infrastructure investment to each of our business segments based on their regulatory frameworks. Combined, we expect to deliver strong long-term earnings and dividend growth, resulting in an attractive total return. I’m confident in our ability to execute our investment plans and strategies across all four of our business segments as we have an experienced and dedicated team to get it done. Again, thank you all for joining us today. I’ll now turn the call over to Michael.
Michael Moehn: Thanks, Marty, and good morning, everyone. Turning now to Page 15 of our presentation. Yesterday, we reported first quarter 2024 earnings of $0.98 per share compared to $1 per share for the year ago quarter. The key factors that drove the overall $0.02 per share decrease are highlighted by segment on this page. We delivered solid earnings performance during the quarter as we continue to execute our strategy, including making infrastructure investments for the benefit of our customers. The first quarter included new service rates in Ameren Illinois Natural Gas and Ameren Missouri. In addition, strong customer growth and usage contributed to 3% higher electric weather-normalized retail sales at Ameren Missouri across all customer classes which were partially offset by milder weather impact. In fact, the third one was first quarter in the past 50 years. Earnings were also reduced by an increase in O&M and Ameren Missouri, largely driven by a $0.04 charge for proposed additional mitigation relief related to the Rush Island Energy Center. Moving to Page 16. As we think about the remainder of the year, we remain confident in our 2024 guidance range, and we continue to expect earnings to be in the range of $4.52 to $4.72 per share. As we think about the first quarter results versus our expectations, we lost $0.07 compared to normal for weather and $0.04 for the charge related to Rush Island. But experienced $0.02 of favorable weather-normalized sales beyond our expectations. As we look ahead, we expect to see meaningful year-over-year O&M reductions in the second half of the year reflecting several cost savings initiatives instituted in 2024, which are expected to build throughout the year. This includes hiring restrictions, reducing our contractor and consultant workforce, and deferring or eliminating discretionary spend. As we’ve discussed before, we have been actively managing costs for years and continue to create opportunities for further cost reductions through process redesign and digital technology investment leading to increased productivity and better experiences for our customers. In addition, we expect to benefit from higher earnings in Ameren Transmission over the balance of the year due to timing of financing and project expenditures. I encourage you to take these supplemental earnings drivers into consideration as you develop your expectation for quarterly earnings results for the remainder of the year. Finally, late last week, MISO concluded its planning resource auction for the 2024 to 2025 planning year, which assesses seasonal resource adequacy in each zone. As a result of higher load requirements, changes to the accreted capacity of generation available and reduced import capability, Zone 5, Ameren Missouri’s territory showed a model capacity shortfall and prices went through the cost of new entry or CONE for the non-peak load fall and spring seasons. Clearing prices in all other zones within MISO remained relatively flat. Unlike what Ameren Illinois experienced a couple of years ago, we do not expect to see material customer bill impact at Ameren Missouri resulting from this auction because our generation resources available to serve customers, nor do we see any issues with providing reliable electric service throughout the year for our customers. The MISO auction results do reinforce a couple of things. First, there is a strong need for us to continue to execute the generation plans called for an IRP. And second, the integration of new large electric loads and carbon-free renewable generation to the grid will require significant transmission expansion with some projects needed locally to ensure reliable service. We stand ready to work with stakeholders in our region to address the capacity needs. Before moving on, I’d like to provide an update on economic development. Through mid-April, we have successfully supported 21 new projects that have selected locations in our service territories which are expected to increase electric demand by almost 45 megawatts and natural gas issues by 1.6 million tons within the next few years. These projects will add an estimated 950 jobs across our service territories. The majority of these projects are existing customer expansions in the manufacturing, aerospace, data center, food processing and mining industries. Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois are actively working with state, regional and local partners on more than 150 economic development projects that are considering on location in our service territories including large low data centers and manufacturers in the automotive, aerospace and agricultural industries, among others. We will continue to work on development opportunities to build thriving communities in our service territory. Moving to Page 17 on Ameren Illinois regulatory matters. We have several Ameren Illinois electric distribution regulatory updates to cover with you, including the 2023 annual reconciliation, the 2024 through 2027 multiyear rate plan rehearing as well as a revised grid and rate plan filings. Starting with the 2023 annual reconciliation. Under Illinois formula ratemaking, which expired at the end of 2023, Ameren Illinois is required to file annual rate updates to systematically adjust cash flows over time for changes in cost of service and to true up any prior period over or under recovery of such costs. In April, we filed our electric distribution annual rate reconciliation requests for $160 million adjustment for the 2023 revenue requirement to reflect actual costs. The full amount would be collected from customers in 2025, replacing the prior period reconciliation adjustment of $110 million that is being collected during 2024. For a net customer impact of $50 million or an approximately 1.5% increase in the total average residential customer bill. The ICC will review the matter once ahead with a decision expected in December of this year and new rates effective in early next year. Turning to the multiyear rate plan for 2024 through 2027 on Page 18. In January, Ameren Illinois has granted a partial rehearing by the ICC to address a base level of grid reliability investment and 2023 rate base additions. We filed our revised request enable for a cumulative annual revenue increase from 2023 rates of $305 million by 2027. Our request, which includes investments and costs related to preventive and corrective maintenance inventory, metering, new business and customer relocations would allow us to appropriately maintain the energy grid to preserve safety, reliability and day-to-day operations of our system. The ICC staff recommends a cumulative increase of $283 million, with the variance driven primarily by the renewal of other post-employment benefits and certain 2023 projects from rate base, the latter of which the staff deemed to be outside the scope of this rehearing. We expect an ICC decision on the rehearing proceeding by June 20, which will allow new 2024 interim rates to be effective by July. Moving to Page 19. In March, Ameren Illinois filed its revised electric multiyear grid plan and revised multiyear rate plan. Our request for a $321 million cumulative annual revenue increase from 2023 rates with supersede revenues granted through rehearing. Request is based on a return on equity of 8.72% and an equity ratio of 50%. Annual revenues will based on actual recoverable costs, year-end rate base and a return on equity adjusted for any performance incentives or penalties, provided the actual revenue requirement does not exceed the reconciliation cap. Our plans as proposed support an affordable, equitable energy transition, which we’ll advocate for over the remainder of the year. We expect the ICC staff and intervenor testimony in May and we expect an ICC decision by December with rates effective January 1, 2025. In other regulatory matters, last week, Ameren Missouri filed a 60-day notice with the Missouri PSC for our next electric service rate review. Moving to Page 20 to provide a financing update. We continue to feel very good about our financial position. On January 9, Ameren Missouri issued $350 million of 5.25% first mortgage bonds due 2054. And on April 4, Ameren Missouri issued $500 million or 5.2% first mortgage bonds due 2034. Net proceeds from both issuances were used to fund capital expenditures and/or refinance shorten debt. Further, in order for us to maintain our credit ratings and strong balance sheet, while we fund our robust infrastructure plan, we expect to issue approximately $300 million of common equity in 2024. We sold for approximately $230 million under our at-the-market or ATM program, consisting of approximately 2.9 million shares, which we expect to issue by the end of this year. Together with the issuance under our 401(k) and DRPlus programs, our ATM equity program is expected to support our equity needs in 2024 and beyond. Finally, turning to Page 21. We’re off to a solid start in 2024 and well positioned to continue executing our plan. We expect to deliver strong earnings growth in 2024 as we continue to successfully execute our comprehensive business strategy. Looking to the longer term, we continue to expect strong earnings per share growth driven by robust rate base growth and disciplined cost management. We also believe this growth will compare favorably with the growth of our peers. Ameren shares continue to offer investors an attractive dividend. In total, we have an attractive total shareholder return story. That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we’ll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Shar Pourreza: Hey, guys. Good morning.
Marty Lyons: Good morning, Shar.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning, Marty. Marty, can you just maybe elaborate a bit more on the recent EPA regs. I mean you touched a bit on the fleet impact like Labadie, but maybe expand on potential shifts to timing and scale the spending opportunities versus last year’s IRP if it makes it through the courts. I mean, could we see some pull forward of generation spend? What do you see as kind of an updated pathway here should we be thinking of an IRP update like you did with the Rush Island – rush decision. Thanks.
Marty Lyons: Well, Shar, you’ve outlined a number of the considerations. I mean, first of all, we’re all just still absorbing the rules. And so our teams are studying the new rules thoroughly and will be over the coming weeks, really trying to assess what the potential impacts are on our IRP. And certainly, that could mean, as you know, a revision to the IRP. But of course, too, we’ll expect these rules to likely be litigated, and so we’ll have to take into account that litigation and the uncertainties that it creates. In my prepared remarks, I noted a couple of the more notable concerns that we have. The first being that the rules do really rely on carbon capture and sequestration, which I think we all recognize is it really ready for prime time today. And the things that would impact we have, as you know, in our IRP planned combined cycle facility, 1,200 megawatts plan for the 2032, 2033 time frame, which is really important from a reliability perspective as we expect to retire our Sioux power plant, our coal-fired power plant in that 2032 time frame. And certainly, new combined cycle that would operate with greater than a 40% capacity factor, which we would expect this one to – would be impacted by that carbon capture and sequestration. So that certainly has significant implications as it relates to that planned combined cycle facility. And we’ll have to reassess and thinking through that. The other one I mentioned is our Labadie Energy Center, that plant is scheduled to retire really in phases with about half of it in 2036 and the other half of it 2042. So the rule would have implications for the ultimate retirement date, pulling that forward a little bit. But in order to be able to maintain the life of that facility out through 2039. The rules require co-firing with natural gas in the 2030 time frame. And of course, trying to get things permitted and constructed in that amount of time, certainly proposes challenges as well. And so I highlighted those in my prepared remarks today. So at the end of the day, Shar, I think as we look at these rules, we do have concerns about the feasibility and ultimately the reliability of our system. Those were our primary concerns. But you’re absolutely right. As we think about these rules, it certainly could cause revisions to the IRP and on balance, suggest a greater level of investment that would be required to maintain reliability of our system over the next 10 years.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then just a bit nuanced, but what exactly was going on with PI auction in Zone 5. I mean, obviously, it’s quite a large breakout for you, net neutral from a customer impact perspective, which you just highlighted. But maybe just some color on the backdrop. Is this kind of structural should we should expect it again or really kind of an administrative or design error? Thanks.
Michael Moehn: Hey. Shar, it’s Michael. Good morning. A couple of things. I mean, as you noted, I mean, obviously, Zone 5, we’ve moved to this new seasonal construct, we did see quite a bit of variability. You had $30 in the summer and $0.75 in the winter and then CONE in the fall and the spring, at 719. So as you note, I mean, this is a capacity issue. It’s not an energy issue. And so I think it’s always important to start with that. We expect to have obviously enough energy available for customers we don’t foresee any issues with respect to providing reliable service, which I think is important. Also from a customer impact standpoint, we really don’t see any material, if any impact to customers as well. And it gets a little complicated. I mean the MISO model is a revenue neutral model and so it will be some shifting that goes on. We have Missouri owns generation in Zone 4, we’re able to point to those as hedges, and so it helps offset all that. But I think when you step back, I mean, it is right trying to send a price signal with respect to meeting additional dispatchable generation that you just spoke about. I mean, there were a couple of things I noted in my prepared remarks. I mean it was due to increased load. There were some accreditation issues with respect to some generation. They got dinged for some past performance. That should go away over the next couple of years. And then there was a reduction in import capabilities. And also, I think there’s probably some transmission opportunities there that would relieve that. So I think, again, it does speak to what we’re trying to do from a dispatchable perspective. And I think, Shar, there’s a way to work around this and see some relief over the next couple of years.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, perfect. I appreciate it, guys. Thank you so much.
Marty Lyons: Thanks for the question, Shar.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeremy Tonet with JP Morgan Chase. Please proceed with your question.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning.
Marty Lyons: Hey, Jeremy. How are you today?
Jeremy Tonet: Good. How are you?
Marty Lyons: Good.
Jeremy Tonet: Just wanted to go to Missouri and as far as legislative initiatives there, if you could provide us, I guess, thoughts on the environment there, what you’re looking for and specifically PISA legislation and I think the session is ending soon. And so any thoughts there would be helpful.
Marty Lyons: Yes, Jeremy, you got it. I think that as we sit here today, the legislation that is most likely to get across the finish line, is that a piece of legislation. And so as you know, and I’m sure you’ve been following House Bill 1746 and Senate Bills 740 and 1422. I would say, at this point in session, they’re probably as well positioned as you could be for Passage Senate Bill 1422 and Senate Bill 740. They’re on the Senate informal calendar that could be brought up at any time and House Bill 1746, which passed out of the house with a very strong supportive vote of 119-17 is also now passed through the Senate Commerce Committee. It’s listed as #1 on House Bills for third reading. So things are well positioned. The challenge that I highlighted in the prepared remarks, however, is the time is short. The legislative session ends in two weeks on 17, and the legislature does have some significant things to get done, including the budget. So that’s really the concern is just whether time will run short. But in the meantime, we’ll continue to work with key stakeholders towards passage if we have a window to get it done.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That’s helpful. And then maybe just pivoting towards Illinois. As far as the regulatory processes are concerned with the electronic hearing the grid plan refiling, any incremental thoughts you can share with progression versus expectations there? And really, I guess the question is more on the other side with the legislature. Do you see any potential there to maybe secure more constructive development?
Michael Moehn: Hey, Jeremy, it’s Michael. Good morning. Maybe I’ll handle the regulatory if Marty wants to come on the legislative one, you can certainly do that. I think – but things are continuing to move along there. I think we mentioned this in our prepared remarks, I mean, from a rehearing process, feel good about where we stand today. Again, just really proud of the work the team has done. [Indiscernible] has been working really hard going through a number of public hearings, a number of workshops, et cetera, just getting this prepared. And I think you’re seeing that producing results here as we kind of work through this rehearing process. And so we should have a decision here in early – sometime in June with a great effective in July, and this will be an interim adjustment. And then obviously, we’ll have the more comprehensive multiyear rate plan, grid plan piece in the back half of the year. It’s great to have a procedural schedule around that, have some finality around this in the December time frame with rates in January. With respect to the rehearing piece, the differences between us and staff are fairly minimal at this point. As we indicated, we were at 305, and it sits at 283 today. It really comes down to 2 issues there. The OpEx issue that we’ve spoken about in the past. We still are continuing to advocate for that. We think it’s the right thing. I think our range accommodates that if it goes in a different direction. And then there were some projects that were really deferred into the grid plan itself. And so we’ll have another opportunity to advocate for those. So again, we feel as good as you can feel at this point in time. And team is focused on it and getting some stability put back in that process.
Marty Lyons: Yes, really, Jeremy, to add at this point. I mean, in terms of legislative initiatives, nothing to point to, of course, this year, both in Missouri and Illinois. We have supported a right of first refusal legislation in both states. In either states do we see those as moving forward at this time but continue to advocate for the benefit of those for our customers and for the reliability of the grid broadly but nothing to tack on right now.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That’s helpful. I’ll leave there. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Carly Davenport with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Carly Davenport: Hey, good morning. Thanks so much for taking the questions today. Maybe just to follow up really quickly on the Illinois rehearing process. First, can you just remind us, what of that 305 revenue increase requested there is embedded in the 2024 guidance and kind of flexibility there to the extent there’s some gap. And then is there any potential for that decision to come earlier than the late June time frame that you laid out?
Michael Moehn: Hey, good morning, Carly. This is Michael. With the second part first, no, I think at this point, the expectation is kind of a little on that time frame and should have a decision here in July. In terms of sort of what’s embedded, that 305 is obviously over that four-year period. And so there’s a component, you can see that we have broken out for 2024. Again, feel good about what we have embedded in there and just sort of where the positions are. To the extent that something ended up changing that would have to just step back and look at it from a rate base perspective to the extent that it’s capital again, I mean, you’re earning 8.72%. So I mean that obviously minimizes the impact and we just have to see what our options are. I mean we do have flexibility with some additional capital there. But really just looking to see the process move along and feel better about the framework first.
Carly Davenport: Got it. Thank you. That’s super helpful. And then maybe just on Rush Island, you talked a bit about the delta between Ameren’s proposal and the DOJ proposal there. Is that just a matter of sizing the program that you expect to be the piece of debate? Or is there anything else that sort of sticks out as a point of debate as you think about into hearing there this summer.
Marty Lyons: Yes, you’re talking about which one were you asking about? Were you asking about NSR case, Carly? Yes. I think, you were. Listen, as it relates to the NSR, as we outlined in our slide prepared remarks, we’ve proposed a program set up a value of about $20 million and the Department of Justice is outlined a series of programs that they’ve estimated at $120 million. And when you look at the components of the two programs that are very similar in terms of electric school buses, air filtration programs, charging infrastructure, so very similar. So it really is seemingly not a matter of the program mix. But sort of the extent of them and the cost of them. So we can’t predict what mitigation the court would ultimately order. We would generally expect though, that the positions I just talked about that the parties have and the proposed orders that sort of just book ends for the degree of mitigation relief that was either ultimately reached through a settlement between ourselves and the Department of Justice for a court order. But really can’t speculate further at this point.
Carly Davenport: Got it. Okay. Thank you so much for the color.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson: Hey, good morning.
Marty Lyons: Hey, Paul.
Paul Patterson: So I just wanted to follow-up on the EPA rule. It seems so challenging, I guess. I’m just wondering, assuming that it’s largely in place or something, when you mentioned different reliability things you might have to do for reliability and stuff. Could you just sort of give us a general sense of what would happen? I mean, because as you mentioned, I think that carbon capture and sequestration is – got so many challenges associated with it. Would you just start running the plants lower? Would there be more batteries? Would it be – what would be sort of the remedy that might be thought about? And also, would there be any change in depreciation schedules? Or I’m just sort of wondering, I mean, it just sounds like a very difficult thing to sort of talk about potentially changing the IRP with a plan that seems so radical kind of, if you know what I’m saying.
Marty Lyons: Well, Paul, it’s Marty. I think you hit on a number of the considerations. And I’ll go back to what I said before. It’s early days. We just got in the rules. We’re going to go through a thorough assessment of the rules and reassessment of the IRP. And again, you’ve got the likelihood of litigation, which will have to be factored in as well to our considerations. But I think when you look at the steps we’re taking between now and 2030 as we currently have outlined, I think the EPA rules underscore the importance of these. We’ve got 2,800 megawatts of renewables planned by 2030. We got 400 megawatts of battery storage planned between now and 2030. We’ve got 800 megawatts of simple-cycle generation plan between now and 2030. And I think given these rules, certainly, it underscores the importance of all of those things. I think the broader implications that are down the line. I think with respect to the retirement of the Sioux Energy Center that we have plan for 2032 generally in line with the rules. The Labadie Energy Center, I mentioned earlier, half of it retired in 2036, half of it 2042, again, if that need to be retired by 2039, maybe a little bit of a change in depreciation there recovery. But I think the bigger thing for Labadie then would be getting gas into Labadie and the ability to be able to co-fire with natural gas so that we’ve got that. And then I think when you think about that combined cycle facility and again, first of all, the feasibility of doing carbon capture much less of the cost of doing carbon capture, you really have to reassess that, that plan in light of these rules. But you’re right, what it might mean otherwise is more simple cycle gas fired generation, more battery, storage technology, more renewables. Because, again, anything if you’re going to operate a combined cycle over 40% capacity factor, it calls for carbon capture. So that – but those are – I think you’ve got your sort of finger on the things that you have to consider, which is what would be an alternative mix of renewables and dispatchable resources that can maintain reliability for the system.
Paul Patterson: Okay. So we’ll just, I guess, monitor this. Okay. That’s very helpful. And then with respect to transition, there’s been a lot of focus on the part of officials in Washington and other places on great enhancing technologies. And I was just wondering how you thought about those and the potential deployment at Ameren and just any thoughts you might have on that.
Marty Lyons: Maybe we’ll let Shawn Schukar who runs our transmission operations comment on that.
Shawn Schukar: Yes. Thanks for the question. So the grid-enhancing technology, generally allow us to flow more across the system. They don’t take care of some of the capacity needs. And we see those as complementary as we transition through the grid investments, which means that we’ll be making some enhancements like you see from the MISO, but we also look at those grid-enhancing technologies to support the system, and we’ll be utilizing a combination of both.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Thank you. Good talk to you guys.
Marty Lyons: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Nick Campanella with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Nick Campanella: Hey, good morning. Happy Friday.
Marty Lyons: Hello, Nick, same to you.
Nick Campanella: Hey, so I just wanted to ask quickly on the mitigation proposal on Rush Island because I know that you booked this $20 million figure, which was an ongoing hit in your O&M line, but then you kind of mentioned the risk the DOJ is asking for $120 million. And obviously, we’ll see where this goes at the end of the year. But like if it does go against you, is that still an ongoing item in your view? Or is that kind of more one-time in nature?
Marty Lyons: Nick, it’s a great question. And I think, ultimately, wherever this settles, it really is a one-time item, it is non-recurring. Given the size of it today, we didn’t think it appropriate to sort of carve it out. And as we talked about on our call, we’d look to overcome the cost of that with respect to ongoing operations savings. However, again, as I outlined, the $20 million we proposed and the $120 million of the DOJ propose probably bookends as we think about settlement and an ultimate potential court order here. But like I would agree with you that ultimately, whatever this cost is non-recurring in one-time and won’t be something that affects ongoing operations or earnings.
Nick Campanella: Hey, I really appreciate that. And as it just relates to 2024, I know you’re highlighting that you kind of have this line of sight to O&M in the back half of the plan. So just any comments on how you feel like you’re trending versus your full 2024 number at this point? Are you at the mid-point? Or I guess any comments there?
Michael Moehn: Yes. Hey Nick, it’s Michael here. Good Friday to you. Yes, look, I mean, we obviously reiterated our range of $450 million to $472 million really focused on the mid-point of that range. The team is completely aligned on flexing what we need to flex here from an O&M perspective. We talked about a number of programs. I think the first part of the year that we put in place with respect to some hiring freezes looking at discretionary spending and looking at contractors, travel, all those kinds of things. And again, those programs are fully ramped up at this point and feeling good about it. We have a long history of this. You’ve heard us talk about this. I mean we’ve been doing a number of things really from an automation and technology investment perspective. We’ve now fully deployed AMI [ph] and we feel we have distribution automation. We’ve done a great deal of stuff from the back office perspective in terms of accounting systems, HR systems, all of those are driving productivity improvements and we’re taking full advantage of. And I was sort of reflecting on the situation and thinking about 2020, that terrible COVID year, we only lost 15% of sales within about a week, and the team came together and really looked for tens of millions of dollars worth of opportunities that will really flex and continue to end up hitting our guidance for that year. I don’t see this as any different. We’ll continue to look for these opportunities. And ultimately, we’re going to make the decisions right for the long-term at the end of the day, but we do have the ability to flex out as we not as needed.
Nick Campanella: That’s really helpful and definitely acknowledge the ability to flex here, especially based on past. One more thing. Just you’re very clear, your 2024 equity needs are basically done outside of internal programs and maybe some DRIP, but just for 2025 and beyond, is $600 million a year still the kind of right number to be thinking about? I think that’s what you guys talked about in the fourth quarter?
Michael Moehn: Yes, yes, that’s correct. That still stands we delivered back there in February.
Nick Campanella: All right. Have a great day. Thanks.
Michael Moehn: Okay. Thanks for the questions.
Operator: Our final question is from David Paz with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
David Paz: Good morning.
Marty Lyons: Good morning, David.
David Paz: Could you maybe expand on the data center opportunities? I know you mentioned them, mentioning centers along with some other large customers. But just what opportunity are you seeing there, particularly on the investment side, and maybe any sense of the size of the projects that potentially could come down the pipe and just how much would an incremental investment from Ameren for a typical size project? Thank you.
Michael Moehn: Yes. Hey, good morning, David. I’ll start here. And certainly, Marty, I’ll probably chime in as well. But I mean, I think we have a strong value proposition, right, when it comes to serving both data centers and manufacturers. I mean, we’ve talked about this. We start from a really strong position just in terms of where our rates are, both on the Midwest and national average went well below. We presented a number of sites in both states that can ramp up quickly, sewer water transmission capabilities, et cetera. I’ve never seen state local regional leaders work together as they are right now, really trying to come together on a combined effort, offer various incentives to again, this is beyond just data centers, but manufacturers in general in terms of things around state and local we use taxes, development grants for workforce development, et cetera. We have a number of incentives in place here that are available to customers based on location and size. As we sit here today, Dave, we’ve executed a construction agreement for one data center and it’s got an estimated 250-megawatt lows. That’s sizable for us. We haven’t seen this kind of load growth in a really, really long time. We should be serving that customer by 2026. And I would say, we’re actively working 1,000-plus megawatts beyond that. And so these are all in different stages at this point, they’ll come online differently. But again, I think as we think about the IRP and just adding the renewables and the dispatchable generation that we’ve been adding in the last few years, I mean, this is exactly what we need. And again, all of these projects probably won’t come to fruition, but some of them are really, really moving along nicely. And beyond data centers, there’s just a tremendous amount happening in the manufacturing side as well. I mean, Boeing is the largest manufacturer here in the state of Missouri, started a $1.8 billion expansion here in Jefferson City is also doing a very large expansion, Illinois Wieland rolled products of $500 million expansion. I mean there are a number of projects here that continue – should continue to add to some significant growth. In terms of what that means from a capital perspective, obviously, it’s a net positive. I think we’re going to continue to step back and assess that. But it’s certainly great to see from an investment standpoint and certainly a customer affordability perspective, right? Because it’s going to make it obviously more affordable for all customers at the end of the day.
David Paz: Great. Thank you for that color. Maybe just sneak a quick one. I think you sounded like your tranche, the Tranche 2 initial concept map suggests that there will be some opportunities in your service areas. Any sense how to compare that to what the initial concept at Tranche 1 looks for you guys? Is it roughly the same in terms of potential dollar either size or dollars?
Marty Lyons: Yes. David, this is Marty. I’ll tell you, well, first of all, the map is encouraging as we shared. And I think if you look at our Slide 11 that we provided, you’ll see substantial proposed additional lines, both in our service territory and in Central Illinois as well as in the Eastern half of Missouri. And so that’s certainly exciting to see. We’re excited that the overall project portfolio was about twice the size of Tranche 1. You – everybody else, I’m sure recalls Tranche show 1 was about a $10 billion portfolio. We ended up having about 25% of that, as we talked about on the call and we were happy to be awarded some directly. We’re very proud to have won all three of the competitive projects that were in our service territory. So we certainly feel good about the way Tranche 1 turned out. It’s too soon to really say what level of investments would be in our service territory from Tranche 2 for really a couple of reasons. One, I would say that the – while we’re excited about these projects that were in our service territory, as you well know, right now, the MISO is going through a process of getting input from stakeholders regarding these proposed projects. And we do expect that as MISO considers the input from various stakeholders that these project plans will be modified. So it’s premature there, number one. Number two, when MISO put out these Tranche 2, they really didn’t assign while they came up with an overall portfolio investment of $17 billion to $23 billion, it really didn’t put any particular quantification of investment value on any particular substations or lines, et cetera. So really premature to even say how much these investment opportunities would be that are shown on this map. So for a couple of reasons, I think it’s premature to say how much of this would be in our service territory. And ultimately, how much would be brownfield or greenfield. So – but I think we will start to see iterations of this through time, and we’re excited that MISO seems to be very much targeting an approval of the Tranche 2 portfolio by mid-September. And so – and it should be pretty exciting over the next few months as we see how this unfolds.
David Paz: Great. Thank you.
Marty Lyons: Thanks, David.
Operator: We’ve reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I’d now like to turn the call back over to Marty Lyons for closing comments.
Marty Lyons: Great. Well, hey, I want to thank everybody for joining us today. We invite you to attend our Annual Shareholder Meeting, which is next week on May 9. And then Michael and Andrew, look forward to seeing many of you at the AGA Financial Forum in a couple of weeks. With that, thanks, and have a great day and a great weekend.

===== 2023 Q4  (2024-02-23 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Ameren Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Andrew Kirk, Director of Investor Relations and Corporate Modelling for Ameren Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Kirk. You may begin.
Andrew Kirk: Thank you, and good morning. On the call with me today are Marty Lyons, our Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Moehn, our Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; as well as other members of the Ameren management team. This call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. We have posted a presentation on the amereninvestors.com homepage that will be referenced by our speakers. As noted on Page 2 of the presentation, comments made during this conference call may contain statements about future expectations, plans, projections, financial performance and similar matters, which are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Please refer to the forward-looking statements section in the news release we issued yesterday as well as our SEC filings for more information about the various factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. Now here's Marty, who will start on Page 4.
Marty Lyons: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Beginning on Page four, our strategic plan highlights our steadfast commitment to providing safe and reliable energy in a sustainable manner. We do this by investing in rate-regulated infrastructure, enhancing regulatory frameworks and advocating for responsible energy policies, while optimizing operating performance through ongoing continuous improvement in order to keep rates affordable. Our strong 2023 operating and financial results, which we will cover today, reflect execution on our key business objectives for the year, which will continue to create value for our customers, communities, shareholders and the environment in the years ahead. I'd like to express appreciation for my Ameren coworkers' unwavering commitment to our strategy. Turning to Page five, this page summarizes our strong sustainability value proposition. Our operations and investments in 2023 made the energy grid safer, smarter, cleaner, more reliable and resilient, supporting thousands of jobs in our local communities in Missouri and Illinois, and driving a positive impact on the economies of each state. In the process, we helped hundreds of local, small and diverse businesses grow, and we gave back to numerous charitable organizations to help our neighbors in need. For example, last year, almost 60% of our total sourceable spend was with suppliers in our Missouri and Illinois communities, while 26% was with local small and diverse suppliers, creating jobs and economic growth and contributing to thriving communities in the areas where we operate. The positive impact of our investments was reinforced by our top quartile reliability performance in 2023, as measured by the frequency of outages. At the same time, our Ameren supplied residential customer rates, on average, were below the Midwest average. Today, we published our updated sustainability investor presentation called, Leading the Way to a Sustainable Energy Future, available at amereninvestors.com. I encourage you to take some time to read more about our strong sustainability value proposition. Turning to Page six. When I reflect on the business objectives we laid out at the start of 2023, I am pleased to say that we made some great strides in each of our three strategic pillars. That said, we did not achieve the results expected in our Illinois gas and electric regulatory proceedings. On Page seven, we lay out our key strategic accomplishments for 2023 in more detail. This past year, we invested $3.6 billion in infrastructure, spread strategically across our business segments, in order to improve service for our customers. These investments are needed to reduce the frequency and duration of outages in the face of volatile weather events, such as this past summer, when we experienced the most impactful storms in the last 10 years. Ameren, Illinois' work in restoring power to nearly 200,000 customers in the wake of the June 29, 2023 derecho was recognized with an Emergency Response Award by the Edison Electric Institute at its recent Winter Membership Meeting and there's plenty more work to be done to address aging infrastructure and make the grid stronger and smarter, while supporting the clean energy transition, making it truly an exciting time to be in the utility industry. Of course, every utility's ability to invest must be supported by constructive regulation, which brings me back to our regulatory developments in the fourth quarter. The State of Illinois has ambitious energy transition goals, goals which we continue to work collaboratively with stakeholders to support. Of course, achieving these goals will require significant sustained investment in the state's energy infrastructure in the coming decades. In 2023, Ameren, Illinois filed plans with the Illinois Commerce Commission, or ICC, to incorporate proposed investments in critical electric and natural gas infrastructure into prospective rates. Unfortunately, the ICC decisions in both the electric and natural gas rate reviews late last year were disappointing, reducing cash flows available for investment and delaying needed investments in energy infrastructure. We will continue working with stakeholders on a path forward to approval of an electric grid investment plan, revised revenue requirements incorporating ongoing and prospective investments, and an improved overall regulatory environment. We must work to build a stronger understanding that consistent, constructive regulatory environments are required to attract investment, support energy infrastructure development, economic expansion and jobs. Michael will cover the electric multiyear rate plan and the natural gas orders in more detail in a moment. Moving to Ameren, Missouri; in November, Ameren, Missouri filed a petition with the Missouri PSC, seeking approval to securitize the unrecovered investment in and costs associated with the planned fall 2024 retirement of our Rush Island Energy Center. The securitization is expected to result in significant savings for our customers when compared with cost recovery under traditional rate making. We, of course, recognize the importance of keeping our customers' bills as low as possible, while investing to improve service, which leads me to the third pillar of our strategy, optimizing operating performance. In 2023, our operations and maintenance expenses declined by 4% year-over-year. We automated and streamlined many of our finance, supply chain and customer service and workforce processes and we continue to drive new efficiencies in our field work through deployment of smart meters, work management systems and distribution automation. Notably, our Missouri customer rates have only increased 1.8% compounded annually since the smart energy plan legislation took effect in April 2017, with our Missouri residential customer rates consistently remaining 25% or more below the Midwest average. For our shareholders, yesterday we announced 2023 earnings of $4.38 per share compared to earnings of $4.14 per share in 2022. The result was above the midpoint of our original earnings per share guidance range of $4.35 per share. On a weather normalized basis, 2023 earnings results represent a 10% increase year-over-year. Turning to Page eight; here, you can see we have delivered consistent superior value to our shareholders for the past decade. Since 2013, our weather normalized core earnings per share have risen at an approximate 7.8% compound annual growth rate, while our annual dividends paid per share have increased approximately 58% over the same time period. This drove a strong total return of 173% for our shareholders from 2013 to 2023, which was significantly above our utility peer average. This track record of strong and consistent performance gives me conviction regarding our business strategy and rest assured, we are not looking back. We are focused on the objectives ahead. Moving to Page nine; we turn our focus to the current year. We expect 2024 to be another busy year and it hit the ground running. Notably, we will maintain our focus on strategic infrastructure investment for the benefit of our customers, while working hard to reduce operating costs and improve the regulatory environments in which we operate. We expect to invest approximately $4.4 billion in electric, natural gas and transmission infrastructure to bolster safety, security, reliability, resiliency and further the clean energy transition in a responsible fashion. This represents an increase of 22% from the prior year. Our plan includes approximately $1 billion of investment in new generation this year with new solar facilities expected to be in service by year end. The investment plans are aligned with our regulatory outcomes and expectations associated with each of our business segments. We also have several opportunities to enhance our regulatory and legislative environments in the year ahead. Next week, Ameren, Illinois will file a hearing testimony requesting to update 2024 through 2027 rates for 2023 yearend rate base and a base level of grid reliability investments. Then in March, Ameren, Illinois will file its revised multi-year grid plan with the ICC to address the commission's findings stated in their December order. An updated rate plan will also be filed to incorporate revised investment plans. Concurrently, we are evaluating all appropriate options to better align prospective regulatory outcomes with the goal of making progress on a reliable clean energy transition in an affordable fashion. We will work with all impacted stakeholders to advocate for constructive regulatory frameworks across our Illinois businesses, which will better support the state's energy transition goals. At Ameren, Missouri, we'd look to obtain approval to securitize the Russia Island energy center and advocate for Certificates of Convenience and Necessity or CCNs for future renewable and dispatchable generation, consistent with the integrated resource plan filed in September. The plan calls for investment in new dispatchable energy resources, including an on-demand 800 megawatt gas simple cycle energy center by 2027, which could be turned on as needed in a matter of minutes to ensure reliability of the energy grid during periods of peak energy demand. In January, we filed a request for the air permit for this simple cycle plant, Castle Bluff Energy Center to be located on the site of our retired Merrimack Energy Center. Utilizing this site, will keep construction costs down, bring back jobs and provide additional tax revenue for the surrounding region. We expect to file for CCN approval with the Missouri PSE later this year. We will also continue to support the analysis and approval of potential MISO tranche 2 transmission projects that will serve the needs of the Midwest region, improving the grid's ability to integrate renewable resources efficiently and effectively. Given the importance of dispatchable generation to reliability, we are advocating for improved Missouri regulatory treatment for generation investments, akin to the treatment afforded other investments in electric infrastructure in the state. Further on the legislative front in both Missouri and Illinois, we are advocating for Right of First Refusal -- Right of First Refusal Legislation to support the timely construction of transmission resources needed for system reliability and efficiency and to maximize customer benefits. Shifting our focus to operations, as we identify ways to continuously improve our business, we're focused on maintaining disciplined cost management to hold operations and maintenance expenses flat in 2024 to 2023 levels. Moving now to Page 10; yesterday afternoon, we announced that we expect our 2024 earnings to be in a range of $4.52 to $4.72 per share. Based on the midpoint of this range, this represents 6.2% earnings per share growth compared to the midpoint of our original 2023 guidance range of $4.35 per share. Michael will provide you with more details on our 2024 guidance a bit later. We expect to deliver 6% to 8% compound annual earnings per share growth from 2024 through 2028, using the midpoint of our 2024 guidance of $4.62 per share as the base. At this time, we expect earnings growth to trend below the midpoint of our range until the outlook in Illinois improves or the impacts of other growth opportunities are realized. That being said, we continue to have an outstanding portfolio of investment opportunities across our business segments, totalling more than $55 billion over the next 10 years and a strong balance sheet, which provide us potential earnings growth levers that warrant maintaining a guidance range with up to 8% growth. Our dividend is another important element of our strong total shareholder return proposition. Earlier this month, Ameren's board of directors approved a quarterly dividend increase of 6.3%, resulting in an annual dividend rate of $2.68 per share. This represents the 11th consecutive year that we have raised the dividend and reflects confidence by Ameren's board of directors in our business outlook and management's ability to execute our strategy. Looking ahead, we expect Ameren's future dividend growth to be in line with our long-term earnings per share growth expectations and within a payout ratio range of 55% to 65%. We expect our weather normalized dividend payout ratio in 2024 to be approximately 58%. Over the last decade, we have gradually lowered our payout ratio, which provides financial flexibility, while executing our robust energy infrastructure investment plans. Turning to Page 11; the strong long-term earnings growth I just discussed is primarily the result of rate-based growth driven by investment in energy infrastructure, made strategically under constructive regulatory frameworks. Today, we are rolling forward our five-year investment plan and as you can see, we expect to grow our rate base in an 8.2% compound annual rate for 2023 through 2028. This plan represents an increase of $2.2 billion compared to the $19.7 billion five-year plan for 2023 through 2027 that we laid out last February. The plan includes investment in renewables and simple cycle gas generation consistent with Ameren Missouri's integrated resource plan and because of the ICC's orders late last year, our capital plan for Ameren Illinois investments has been reduced by approximately $400 million from 2024 through 2027 compared to our prior five-year plan. We expect that this level of investment, which we expect will provide safe and adequate service as well as meet compliance requirements under the Climate and Equitable Jobs Act will ultimately be approved by the ICC. That said, we continue to believe that a higher level of investment supported by a more constructive return on capital investment would be in the best interest of our customers and communities and we will continue our advocacy. Finally, we remain focused on keeping customer bills as low as possible and improving earned returns in all of our businesses. Moving to Page 12; as we look to the future, our five-year plan is not only focused on delivering strong results through 2028, but it's also designed to position Ameren for success over the next decade and beyond. The right side of this page shows how our allocation of capital is expected to change over the next five years. Incorporating generation investment opportunities from our latest IRP, we expect our 2028 rate base to reflect our diversified approach for maintaining reliability with renewable generation and dispatchable generation representing 12% and 11% of rate base, respectively. Notably, our coal-fired generation is expected to be just 3% of rate base by the end of 2028. The bottom line is that we are taking steps today across the board to position Ameren to provide safe, reliable, affordable and cleaner energy for the long-term. Moving now to Page 13; our investment plan released today incorporated our intentions to invest over time in significant renewable and dispatchable resources as laid out in our Ameren, Missouri IRP. In 2023, we were pleased that Missouri PSC approved CCNs for the Huck Finn and Boomtown solar projects, and in doing so, indicated support for our responsible gradual transition and I'm happy to announce that we reached a stipulation and agreement regarding our next four solar projects, totalling 550 megawatts. These projects will support our lease cost plan for meeting customers' energy needs as we systematically invest to create a diverse mix of generation resources that preserves reliability as we retire our existing coal fleet over the next 20 years. While the Missouri PSC is under no deadline to issue an order on these four project CCNs, we expect a decision in March with these projects expected to go in service between 2024 and 2026. We expect to file additional CCNs consistent with the IRP later this year. Moving to Slide 14; as we've discussed in the past, MISO completed a study outlining a proposed roadmap of transmission projects through 2039. Detailed project planning, design work and procurement for the Tranche 1 projects assigned or awarded to Ameren is underway, and we expect construction to begin in 2026. During 2023, Ameren was awarded the first two competitive Tranche 1 projects, totalling approximately $100 million. Ameren submitted the third and final Tranche 1 competitive bid in October and expects the project to be awarded by June 2024. When awarding the competitive projects to Ameren, MISO noted our sound route design, engineering and cost containment plan, and innovative approach working with stakeholders as key factors in the winning bids. This is indicative of how we plan and develop all transmission projects. We believe our collaborative, customer-centric and community-respectful approach to building and maintaining low-cost projects is why we should be directly assigned these projects in the future in both Missouri and Illinois. MISO expects to approve a set of Tranche 2 long-range transmission projects in the first half of 2024, which will again address Midwest region needs. Turning now to Page 15; looking ahead over the next decade, we have a robust pipeline of investment opportunities of over $55 billion that will deliver significant value to all of our stakeholders by making our energy grid stronger, smarter and cleaner. Of course, our investment opportunities will also create thousands of jobs for our local economies. Maintaining constructive energy policies that support robust investment in energy infrastructure and a transition to a cleaner future in a responsible fashion will be critical to meeting our country's energy needs and delivering on our customers' expectations. Moving to Page 16; discipline cost management and a focus on customer affordability is nothing new to us here at Ameren and we expect 2024 to be another year of disciplined cost control and value realization from continuous improvement initiatives, which Michael will provide more details on in a few minutes. Through innovation and new efficiencies, we continue to target flat operations and maintenance expenses through 2028. Moving to Page 17; to sum up our value proposition, we remain firmly convinced that the execution of our strategy in 2024 and beyond will continue to deliver superior value to our customers, shareholders and the environment. We believe our expectation of 6% to 8% compound annual earnings growth from 2024 through 2028, is driven by strong rate-based growth and supported by a strong balance sheet, compares favourably with our regulated utility peers. I'm confident in our ability to execute our strategy and investment plans across all four of our business segments, as we have an experienced and dedicated team with a track record of execution. Further, our shares continue to offer investors an attractive dividend, and we are positioned well for future dividend growth. Simply put, we believe this results in an attractive, total return opportunity for shareholders. Again, thank you all for joining us today, and I will now turn the call over to Michael.
Michael Moehn: Thanks, Marty, and good morning, everyone. Turning now to Page 19 of our presentation; yesterday, we reported 2023 earnings of $4.38 per share, compared to earnings of $4.14 per share in 2022, an increase of approximately 6%. This page summarizes key drivers impacting earnings in each segment, which are largely consistent with what we reported throughout 2023. As Marty noted, when normalized for temperature variations over the past two years, we estimate that our earnings grew 10%. Moving to Page 20, I'll cover our few key developments from the fourth quarter. In November, Ameren Missouri filed for securitization of costs associated with the Rush Island Energy Center as we approach the plan retirement date of October 15, 2024. If approved as requested, Ameren Missouri would be able to refinance and recover approximately $519 million, reflecting the remaining value of the plant and decommissioning costs. Missouri PSC orders are expected in June, 2024. To mitigate the impact of the lost rate base associated with the Rush Island retirement, we expect our Huck Finn and Boomtown solar facilities with an estimated total investment of approximately $650 million to be placed in service near the end of this year. Turning to Page 21, as Marty mentioned, late in 2023, the ICC issued orders under Ameren Illinois Natural Gas and Electric Rate Reviews. In November, the ICC approved $112 million annual base rate increase for natural gas delivery service, which included $77 million that would have otherwise been recovered under letters. The order reflects a 2024 future test year, a 9.44% allowed return on equity, a 50% common equity layer, and a rate base of $2.85 billion. New rates were effective in late November. We filed for a rehearing of this order with the ICC and were denied. So on January 03, Ameren Illinois appealed the ICC decision to the Illinois Fifth District Appellate Court, seeking that the ICC modify the return on equity and certain plant disallowances, among other things. The court is under no deadline to address this appeal. Turning to Page 22, in December, the ICC issued an order in our Ameren Illinois Electric Multi-Year Rate and Grid Plan filings. In its order, the ICC established an alternative revenue requirement based on our 2022 rate base, and is requiring us to refile and provide additional justification for our grid plan. We're in the process of revising our grid plan and we'll file it by the March 13 deadline. We will also revise our multi-year rate plan to incorporate these grid plan revisions. In the meantime, the December order reflects a cumulative increase from 2024 through 2027 of $142 million in revenues. The order approved an allowed return on equity of approximately 8.72% and a 50% equity layer. In January, Ameren Illinois filed for a rehearing of the December order with the ICC. On January 31, the ICC ordered a partial rehearing regarding certain operations and maintenance expenses, use of the 2022 rate base for establishing the revenue requirement for 2024 through 2027, and a base level of grid reliability investments. We expect a decision on these items subject to rehearing by the end of June with new interim rates expected to be effective at the discretion of the commission. Following the ICC's response to our rehearing request, Ameren Illinois also filed an appeal to the Illinois Fifth District Appellate Court on January 31, to address the remaining items which were denied for rehearing, including the return on equity. The court is under no deadline to address this appeal. We remain focused on providing safe and adequate service for our Illinois customers. Moving to Page 23; our overall outlook remains bright as we have a robust pipeline of investment opportunities. Our Ameren Transmission Missouri business lenders continue to benefit from meaningful ongoing investments to work by reliable, constructive regulation. Here we provide an overview of our $21.9 billion of planned capital expenditures for 2024 through 2028 by business segment that supports our consolidated 8.2% compound annual rate-based growth expectations. As you can see on the right side of this page, we're allocating capital consistent with the allowed return on equity under each regulatory framework. Our Ameren Missouri Smart Energy Plan filed today with the Missouri PSC provides more detail on how we strategically invest to replace aging infrastructure with more resilient, reliable equipment to serve our customers. After five years of Smart Energy Plan investments, we are a full year ahead of our initially planned smart meter installation in the state. That said, at our current investment levels, we still have decades of investment needed to address aging distribution substations and overhead and underground lines. You can find additional details on the Smart Energy Plan allocation of our 2024 planned capital investments on Page 32 and Page 33 in the appendix of this presentation. Turning to Page 24, we have outlined here the expected funding sources for the infrastructure investments noted on the prior page. We expect continued growth in cash from operations as investments are reflected in customer rates. We also expect to generate significant tax deferrals driven primarily by the timing difference between financial statement, depreciation reflected in customer rates and the accelerated depreciation for tax purposes. As we sit here today, we do not expect a transferability of solar and wind tax credits materially impact capital funding, nor do we expect the corporate minimum tax to apply during our five-year plan. From a financing perspective, we expect to continue to issue long-term debt to fund a portion of our cash requirements. For us to maintain a strong balance sheet while we fund a robust infrastructure investment plan, we have entered into forward sales agreements for $230 million of common stock issuances under our at-the-market equity distribution program to address most of our 2024 equity needs. We expect to sell these by the end of the year. The only additional equity we expect to issue in 2024 will be approximately $70 million for our dividend reinvestment and employee benefit plans. Incremental equity issues of approximately $600 million each year are planned for 2025 through 2028, a portion of which we expect to be issued through our DRIP and employee benefit plans. The $600 million per year is unchanged from our previous plan outline last February. All of these actions are expected to sustain our strong balance sheet and credit ratings. Moving to Page 25 of our presentation, I would now like to discuss key drivers impacting our 2024 earnings guidance. We expect 2024 diluted earnings per share in the range of $4.52 per share to $4.72 per share. This accommodates a range of outcomes on our ongoing Illinois regular proceedings, along with our typical business risk and opportunities. Detailed by segment as compared to the 2023 results can be found on this page and the next. Beginning with Ameren Missouri, earnings are expected to rise in 2024. Earnings are expected to be favourably impacted by the higher investments in infrastructure that are eligible for PISA and AFDC treatment, as well as new electric service rates effective July 2023. Earnings are also expected to benefit from higher weather normalized kilowatt hour sales to Missouri residential and commercial customers, which are expected to increase by 1% year-over-year in 2024, while sales to industrial customers are expected to increase by 4% year-over-year. These projected increases are driven primarily by customer count growth and General Motors resuming full production levels after a work stoppage in the third quarter of 2023. We also expect to benefit from lower operations and maintenance expenses. And we expect a return to normal weather in 2024 will increase Ameren Missouri earnings by approximately $0.03 compared to 2023 results. These favourable factors are expected to be partially offset by higher interest expense, primarily due to higher long-term debt balances. Moving on, earnings from our FERC regulated electric transmission activities are expected to benefit from additional investments in Ameren, Illinois and ATXI projects made under forward-looking formula rate making. Turning to Page 26; for Ameren Illinois electric distribution, the year-over-year earnings comparison will be impacted by the lower allowed ROE approved by the ICC in the multi-year rate plan versus the 2023 allowed ROE, which was driven by the 30-year treasury rates plus 580 basis points. The allowed ROE is applied to yearend rate base, which includes 2023 rate base and 2024 plan capital additions. For Ameren, Illinois natural gas, earnings will benefit from higher delivery service rates effective November, 2023, incorporating additional infrastructure investments, partially offset by a lower allowed ROE and common equity ratio. Earnings will also benefit from lower operations and maintenance expenses. Moving now to Ameren wide drivers and assumptions; we expect increased weighted average common shares outstanding to unfavorably impact earnings per share. We expect higher interest rate expense in Ameren parent due to increased debt balances. At the end of 2023, we turned out all then outstanding commercial paper balances at Ameren parent through two debt offerings. The first issued in November was $600 million and 5.7% senior unsecured notes due in 2026 and the second in December was $700 million of 5% senior unsecured notes due in 2029. Of course, in 2024, we'll seek to manage all of our businesses to earn as close to our allowed returns as possible. With that in mind, and support our expectation for lower operations and maintenance expenses in our Ameren Missouri and Illinois natural gas businesses, we've instituted several cost saving initiatives in 2024, including a hiring freeze, reducing our contractor and consultant workforce and deferring or eliminating discretionary spend. We'll be strategic about workforce management and continued investment in digital efficiency to allow us to sustain these cost reductions. Before moving on, I'd like to touch on the expected sales growth for our service territory. While we're conservative on our model and we are optimistic about the opportunity for strong economic development in the years ahead. in the last three years, our economic development teams have helped to bring 65 new projects to our communities in Missouri and over 125 projects in Illinois, bringing with an estimated total of over 14,000 jobs. These projects are generally expected to be completed in the next couple of years. With that in mind, we expect weather normalized kilowatt hour sales to be in the range of flat to up approximately 0.5%, compounded annually over a five-year plan, excluding the effects of our new energy efficiency plans, using 2023 as the base year. We exclude the effects because the plan provides rate recovery to ensure that earnings are not affected by reduced electric sales, resulting from our energy efficiency efforts. Turning to Illinois, we expect our weather normalized kilowatt hour sales to be relatively flat to down 0.5% over our five-year plan, driven primarily by increases in energy efficiency and solar adoption. Recall that changes in Illinois electric sales, no matter the cause, do not affect earnings since we have full revenue decoupling. Finally, moving to Page 27, I'll emphasize again that we have a strong team and a long track record of execution. We delivered strong earnings growth in 2023 and expect to continue to deliver 6% to 8% compound earnings per share growth over the next five years, driven by robust rate-based growth and disciplined cost management. We believe this growth will compare favorably with the growth of our peers. Further, Ameren shares continued to offer investors an attractive dividend. In total, we have an attractive total share of return story. That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: [Operator instructions] Our first question comes from a line of Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim. Please proceed with your question.
Shahriar Pourreza: Marty, obviously you've throttled back Illinois electric spend here pretty significantly versus the prior plan, which I think is completely expected just coming off those ICC orders. Can you just speak a little bit more to what you've actually embedded in that 2.3% five-year CAGR as it relates to the grid plan? I guess put differently, could we see that tick higher later this year once the plan is approved? Or is the embedded base case there still subject to some upside and downside scenarios? Thanks.
Marty Lyons: Yeah, I'll let Michael comment on that further, but I would say, Shahriar, you're right. What we've done here is we've baked in what we believe to be a prudent level of capital expenditures, given the overall outcomes that we had in Illinois. As we said in our prepared remarks, we do believe that this is an appropriate amount to continue to provide safe and adequate service to our customers and meet the requirements of CEJA And that's what's been baked in. I just repeat what I said earlier, which is that we do believe a higher amount of investment over time is originally proposed last year is prudent and appropriate for our customers to provide the kind of service that they expect to really further the state's energy goals and policy goals. But again, what we've modelled in here is what we do believe would be a level that would be expected to be approved by the commission over time through the rehearing process, as well as through our upcoming grid plan filing and rate plan. So again, we do expect that this level of investment is something that will ultimately be reflected in those outcomes, but with that, in terms of further clarity on the CapEx, Michael, any comment?
Michael Moehn: Yeah, maybe just a couple of finer points. Good morning, Shahriar. I think Marty said it well. As we think about the capital plan that we've allocated there, again, Marty's correct. We're absolutely focused on providing safe and reliable service. I think we're being conservative in how we think about this. There's this 105% revenue requirement cap that we need to stay underneath and as you know, and I think there was some discussion about this, the commission's order pointed to '22 rate base. I think it was really more of a function of, because that was really the only year and rate base to point to. We definitely have the ability to, I think we'll recover our '23 expenditures, it's really under another formula rate. As they do that and they update and we're seeking some of those clarification, that obviously would give you more headroom under that 105% revenue cap. I think we took a conservative approach saying, let's make sure whatever we spend in '24, we stay under pointing back to the '22. So my point is you have a lot more flexibility going forward. I think to Marty's point, we'll have to step back and then decide, given the 8.72%, how do you feel about allocating more capital there? But as we continue to see improvement here, there's obviously would be those opportunities.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. Perfect and Marty, just, thanks Michael. Marty, just on Tranche 1, is it versus Tranche 2, is it still your expectation Tranche 2 will exceed Tranche 1? And then just on Tranche 2 estimates, are they embedded in that $55 billion pipeline number? Could any of the awards fall within this kind of five-year cycle you've got out there? Thanks guys.
Marty Lyons: Yeah, good questions, Shahriar. So with respect to Tranche 2, we do expect it, continue to expect it, to be considerably larger than the Tranche 1 investments and, MISO, as we said in our prepared remarks, is still saying that they expect to have those approved by the middle of this year. We'll see how that comes to fruition, but we do expect that in the first half, we'll at minimum start to get some clarity on, what some of those projects might look like. But again, Shahriar, to your point, significantly larger. Now, with respect to our plans that we've laid out, within the five-year plan, nothing is baked in for Tranche 2 investments. However, in the $55 billion, we do have, some amount in there for potential Tranche 2 investments. So, within the $55 billion, yes, certainly we do have some.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Nicholas Campanella with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Nicholas Campanella: Appreciate the guidance update and just the comment that you're kind of below the midpoint of the 6% to 8% range. Can you just kind of expand on, what we should be watching for that kind of gets you back to that midpoint and I'm taking into account the comments around, it seems that some of this transmission spending has been reflected in the plan, correct me if I'm wrong and then you're also just kind of assuming, CapEx for the Illinois distribution segment as proposed is approved as well. Just what should we be looking for to get you back into that midpoint? Thanks.
Marty Lyons: Yeah, Nick, maybe we'll take that in two part. I'll actually turn it over to Michael first to maybe provide a little bit more clarity on our thinking around the growth and then I'll provide some color on some of the upsides in our plan.
Michael Moehn: Yeah, good morning, Nick. Just to put a little finer point on the midpoint, I think as Marty said in his comments, expect to be a little below that midpoint and if you think about historically where we have been, just sort of the highest level, you go back to, February of last year, we had 8.4% rate-based growth and over that period of time, we were issuing roughly about 2% worth of dilution, say over the five-year plan. So it got you down to call it, 6.4%, 6.5% something like that. And then we've done a nice job of continuing to close the allowed versus earned gaps, continuous improvement. There's been a number of opportunities being really thoughtful about allocating capital to the places that are giving us the highest return and you can see it, obviously, historically we were trending above that 7% midpoint and we kind of think about where we are today, we got this 8.2% rate-based growth, really kind of the same dilution math. So with all things, we need to kind of put you at that 6.2% and then there's obviously still improvement opportunities as we continue to look forward and I think as we think about a midpoint, it's someplace between that 6.5% to 7% today. So let's call it 6.7%, just to put a little finer point on. So 6.7% versus sort of 7%, where I think we kind of pointed people historically and again, we've had opportunities to do better than that and Marty will talk about where I think, the future still lies for us. You'd think about the $55 billion, the capital projects that we have there. There's opportunities to continue to be thoughtful about the transmission that we just talked about a second ago and so those are the things that will provide us those opportunities. So hopefully that gives you a little more clarity on the math and I'll let Marty talk a little larger picture.
Marty Lyons: Yeah, I think, Michael started to touch on it a little bit. In terms of, the upsides, as I said in the prepared remarks, we certainly see good justification for keeping that 6% up to 8% growth and really what it reflects is that strong pipeline of investments that we have. We start there, $55 billion of potential investments over the next 10 years. We have baked into the five-year plan, the Tranche 1 investments that we've been assigned to us or that we've won, but we also have competitive proposal out there right now for another Tranche 1 project, which hasn't been baked in and that provides us some upside. We've talked about just a second ago, some of the Tranche 2 projects. We've got further investments to be made with respect to Missouri as it relates to the IRP. We've got some of those, certainly baked in today. As I mentioned, we had a very strong balance sheet and opportunities, as Michael just said, to continue to close the gap between our allowed and earned returns, which provides upside. And then of course, as we look ahead in Illinois, a couple of things, first, you know, the current multi-year grid plan or rate plan ends in 2027. And so as we look out even to 2028, there's opportunities to think about that differently and what our approach will be in 2028 and then I go back to maybe the most important thing, which is in the interim to really work to improve the Illinois situation and perhaps provide an opportunity for greater investment in Illinois. So, there, as we said in the call, we're gonna continue and engage in a dialogue with all stakeholders about the benefits of investment, risks of disinvestment, and our goal of really aligning our investments with the policy goals of the state around reliability, affordability, the clean energy transition and of course, we all know that our investments drive, not only improvements in critical energy infrastructure, but jobs and economics expansion. So, look, we've got to just continue to show financial discipline in the short term, but in the longer term, make sure we create this dialogue that having consistent constructive regulation, having strong investment in infrastructure in the state is going to benefit, our customers, their communities, the economy, the state and continue to work to make Illinois a place that attracts greater investment.
Nicholas Campanella: All right, thank you very much for that. And then I guess just on the O&M, I think in your prepared remarks, or even on slides here, 4% first last year, and then you're doing more O&M, just looking through the EPS slides, you have positives for Missouri and Illinois. So just, is 4% of the magnitude of decrease that we should expect to continue through '24? Can you maybe give us any type of way to frame that? And then how are you kind of thinking about just recapture of that, or timing of the next rate cases in Missouri, if you can maybe expand?
Michael Moehn: Good morning again, Nicholas. This is Michael, let me take this, and Marty can certainly add in, and we've talked about this, obviously, over time. Customer affordability is not something that is new to us. I think we've been really focused as a company on it for a number of years, and really up and down the P&L and we've talked about this, we, I think, do a great job of kind of going in and continuing to benchmark ourselves, all of the different areas of our business. And some are really good, some have opportunities, and we continue to close the gap in those opportunities and I think, Marty pointed to the 4%. It was, obviously people are very focused on it. We've talked about flat O&M over the five-year period is a good way to think about it, but the bottom line is there are a number of levers that we're able to pull here. I think as we think about '24 specifically, I mentioned in my opening remarks, I think we're taking just another view here. We're looking at headcount, I talked about headcount, hiring freeze at the moment, being very thoughtful about just contingent workforce, consultant dollars, any sort of discretionary spend. I think all the right things to do just in this elevated rate environment anyway for customers, and so that's really the focus there. But we're also being very thoughtful and strategic about, as you mentioned, just rate reviews, etcetera and being thoughtful about investments on the digital side too, just to make sure we make these costs sustainable. That's really what we want to do. I think we've talked about, we've had an increased investment in the digital platform over the last several years after we got PISA passed, and it's allowed us to replace our work management systems, our back office accounting systems. We continue to put a great deal of distribution automation, etcetera, on the system and all of these things are productivity improvements over time, which just give us a lot of confidence. This is a lever that we can continue to pull. So, Marty, anything to add there?
Marty Lyons: No, nothing to add there. Thanks for the question.
Nicholas Campanella: And I'm sorry, just to follow up on that, are you planning to file a Missouri rate case in the next year, or is that more than a year out?
Michael Moehn: Yeah, that's not something we've decided yet and look, if you look back over time, it's been every 18 months to 24 months we've filed a case, but haven't stated when we're going to plan to file the next one. So we'll be thoughtful about that. Look, we always try to go as long as we can between rate cases, and we'll continue to take that approach, but be thoughtful about when major capital additions go in and the like to think about the timing of our cases.
Nicholas Campanella: All right, thanks for taking my questions. Have a good day.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Jeremy Tonet: Thanks for all the detail today, and just wanted to kind of follow up on some of the points that you've talked about before and just regarding your capital reallocation, how should we be thinking about Missouri bill impact over time from the higher CapEx, just any thoughts there. And then also as we think about deploying that capital, the timing for receiving approvals and permits with additional transmission investments, broadly speaking on that side, if you could provide some more color there would be helpful.
Marty Lyons: Yeah, a lot there, Jeremy. I think number one, in terms of bill impacts, we're going to work through time as we have to keep the bill impacts as manageable as possible. I think, we had a pretty good track record in Missouri since we got a more constructive regulation, legislation back in 2018, and it really kept the growth in bills really below the level of inflation and so we're going to look to continue to, as Michael stated a minute ago, pretty comprehensively, take a lot of actions across the board to really manage our operating costs. And really, to the extent that we have rate increase requests, really make those about the capital additions that are going in that are producing greater reliability, for our customers, etcetera, where they're seeing the benefits. So, we're going to continue to work to keep our belt tight and as I said, overall, look to keep our operating costs flat over the next several years and as Michael said, create as many productivity improvements as we can. So that's our goal. Now, with respect to these projects, I would say when you look at our capital expenditure plans over the next five years for Missouri, I would say a need, they really relate on the left side of the graph on Page 23 to things that were included in our integrated resource plan. So, there the integrated resource plan had called for 2,800 megawatts of renewables by 2030. This is a piece of that as we move ahead with renewables, over half of what we've got there in that capital spend of $3.3 billion is related to two CCNs that have already been approved and then there's four CCNs that are pending right now and we expect to be able to file a stipulated settlement on those in the near term and so those are proceeding well. And then, with respect to the dispatchable generation, part of this is the simple cycle gas plant that we plan to put in service over the next five years and then part of this is continuing to invest in the dispatchable energy resources that we have in the state, but we will, as we said on our call, we've begun to do work around this 800 megawatt simple cycle gas plant and we will consider when to file a CCN for that. So, those are some timelines in terms of some of the investments we've got. Michael, any color to add?
Michael Moehn: Yeah, Marty did a great job there, Jeremy. I think the only thing that I'd probably add there is if you think about the $13 billion that we're allocating to Missouri, about 25% of its renewables and obviously an important factor is just the PTC, ITC that's being, given off with respect to those projects. So you think about the impact for customers, ultimately, there is a really big benefit there and so it's just something to keep in mind. I agree with everything else Marty said. We continue to be focused to all the comments I made before. It's not something new that we're doing here. Sometimes you can get a little lumpy impact in Missouri just because of the timing and the rate reviews, but the team really is focused on trying to keep these bills as low as possible.
Jeremy Tonet: And maybe just shifting towards Illinois and from where you sit, just wondering your perspective and what you see happening with regards to potential legislative or legal responses to the Illinois orders there in the state house. How have your conversations with stakeholders been trending here? Just any color you could share would be helpful.
Michael Moehn: Yeah, I think, look, the first order of business as we look at is, as I said before, to really try to work constructively with stakeholders and right now I'd say our primary focus is a couple of things. It's number one, making the rehearing filing, which is we plan to make next Thursday. So there, the opportunity to have rehearing around incorporation of 2023 rate base, as well as baseline capital investments that we plan to make over the next five years and have those included in a rehearing. And then as we've said before, we follow that up with our grid plan update and filing in mid-March. There again, we get feedback from the commission, obviously on deficiencies that they saw within the initial filing. We're looking to address those. We're looking to work constructively with stakeholders, whether it's the staff or other parties to make our filing as strong as we can to address the commission's identified deficiencies and position ourselves for success in getting, again, both a good outcome in the rehearing, as well as getting that grid plan approved and ultimately incorporated into a revised rate plan. So, I think those are where really our focuses are in the short term. Like I said, in the longer term, we'd like to see a more constructive environment for investment, and that's going to take really engagement with all stakeholders and I think, what we found is a receptivity among stakeholders to have the conversation, to listen, and we'll figure out over time what the best path forward is to achieving the result we want, which is a more constructive environment for investment, which again, we believe is ultimately in the best interest of customers, communities and in the achievement of the state's policy goals.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
David Arcaro: I wanted to, in terms of whether normal load growth, just wondering how conservative...
Michael Moehn: Hey, David, we're having a really hard time hearing you. Could you speak up a little, David?
David Arcaro: Just in terms of whether normal load growth, was wondering how conservative the outlook is that you're presenting here. Is there any possibility for acceleration either from any manufacturing activity or data center activity that you're seeing or otherwise?
Michael Moehn: Yeah, let me start off, and then certainly Marty can add as well. I think, yeah, I tried to provide a little of this color in the opening remarks. Look, I think we do a good conservative job of kind of thinking about the load growth, but there are some really positive things happening in our service territory. Just economically, it's very strong. GDP growth is strong here and I'm really talking about kind of the greater Missouri area. Unemployments, running below the national average. We've had, if you think about even just '24 more specifically, we got the GM coming back on. They've added some additional load. There's a couple of data imaging companies that are using just a tremendous amount of energy, about 20 megawatts. These things really begin to add up and there's just a number of longer term, I think, opportunities as we think about data centers and other things from an information technology standpoint that could provide some economic growth. I think we do a good job of not really baking that in at this point. We talked about toward flat up a half percent, but I'm optimistic that, hopefully that is ends up turning out differently. So, Marty.
Marty Lyons: Yeah, I would just say that, look, we have a broad service territory and we're deeply involved in throughout Illinois and Missouri in economic development activities and our teams support economic development expansion across both service territories. I would say this though, in the greater St. Louis region, both in the Illinois side and the Missouri side, I'm more excited than I've been in years with respect to, I would say, the collaborative approach to really going after economic development efforts and really thinking about, how we drive inclusive economic growth, economic development and compete for projects. And I've never seen the community as unified and speaking with one voice and going after these things. We're seeing some wins, some wins that'll produce, I think, economic expansion two and three years out, some positive announcements, as Michael said. But, and I hope we are being conservative with respect to our growth projections. That said, as we see growth, we often see also, continued efforts on energy efficiency, both the energy efficiency we promote, but also just kind of energy efficiency in general and so try to be realistic about our growth expectations of those efforts.
David Arcaro: And then was just curious, what level of FFO to debt you're seeing over the plan? Wondering to the extent you realize some of the CapEx upside opportunities, how that could impact the equity needs going forward?
Michael Moehn: Yeah, perfect. So, again, we haven't really given targets in the past. I think what we've talked about is, look, we like our ratings where they are, BAA1, BBB+, that downgrade threshold S&P is 13. 17 at Moody's. We've trended obviously closer to that 17%. Again, as I outlined in my opening remarks, we feel good about our balance sheet. I think we come into this from a position of strength as I look out over the five years, the equity needs that I outlined certainly support, I believe actually maintaining that BAA1 and so maintaining something over that 17%, over that five year period. And so, and again, I try to be clear on what we did from an equity standpoint, for 2024, we're assuming $300 million of equity. We've done about $230 million under our ATM program today. Really the remaining balance that we need to do is related to our DRIP 401k. And then for all the other years, it's really consistent with where we had been before. So basically $600 million and again, I think supports those credit ratings that I just spoke about.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore. Please receive your question.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey guys, thanks for giving me time. I know it's close to the hour. Just Michael, on the point about equity, maybe you could just expand on this. So the CapEx plan is up, the five year CapEx plan is up close to 10%, a little over 10%, but the equity is kind of the same. Are you kind of modelling now lesser question versus the downgrade thresholds or are there other cash flow improvements that you might be missing?
Michael Moehn: Yeah, I don't know if there's other cash flow improvements. Again, I think we're always been conservative as we think about the balance sheet and so, again, I feel good about what I just said, David, in terms of how we're thinking about the FFO to debt over time and being above that downgrade threshold at 17%. We continue to obviously work with the rating agencies. We'll be in talking to them again in the spring and so, I guess I don't have any reason to feel concerned about it at this point and again, I think it's the right thing to do. We added the capital and still feel good about the levels that we're at given the equity that we're issuing.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. And then maybe just a couple of clarifying questions and this will be quick, hopefully, but in the current five year CapEx plan, the four solar projects that you have settlement for in Missouri, those are included in the plan. Confirm that for us and then the upside would be the Missouri IRP results and then any transmission project awards from the MISO planning. Am I thinking about it correctly?
Marty Lyons: Well, I think, first of all, yes. The projects that we've already had CCNs for, as well as the subject to the stipulation are included in the five-year CapEx that's shown on Slide 23 and in fact, some additional CapEx as well for renewable projects that we anticipate to come into service by the end of 2028. And then the second part of your question was?
Durgesh Chopra: It was just the traffic upside.
Marty Lyons: No, I would think there, what we're saying is with respect to transmission, we've got the Tranche 1 projects that have been assigned to us or awarded or included in there, but what we have not included in there is any upside for a potential additional win of a transmission project that we've proposed on.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. Thank you so much. I appreciate the time.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin Smith with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Hey, good morning team. Thank you guys very much for the time. I appreciate it, or squeezing me in here. Look, maybe just to kick off quickly here, just on the balance sheet, obviously you're bringing down equity slightly over the comparable period from last plan. I'm taking CapEx fairly meaningfully here. I just wanted to clarify, just where are you relative to the required metrics? Can you elaborate a little bit through the cadence of the plan, how you're thinking about the FFO to debt? Or just where are you starting and ending, if you will and then I got to follow up real quickly.
Michael Moehn: Yeah, good morning, Julian. It's Michael. As I said, we have -- the downgrade threshold of Moody's is 17% and we historically haven't talked about exactly what we're targeting. But again, over this five-year plan, there is cushion over that 17%. Again, I feel good about it. We have been, I think, done a great job of sort of telegraphing what our equity needs, being very disciplined about going out and issuing that equity. I think we come into this kind of super CapEx environment with a very, very healthy balance sheet. As you know, we're not trying to get up to some level, right, where we've been at these levels and I see us staying at that level over the five-year plan.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Got it, so every year kind of over that 17% threshold, give or take. And the rating is…
Michael Moehn: Over the five-year plan, yeah. Over 17%.
Marty Lyons: And again, look, as we have frequent conversations, then we'll go in again and have another conversation with them, so.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Wonderful. And just to clarify this on the Missouri CapEx, obviously that's a nice uptick there and obviously you haven't necessarily decided when you're finally cased, but how do you think about just the clarity that you have on that spend, right? When you think about having visibility tied to specific projects that are likely to be approved or what have you, I just want to understand the level of confidence that there is in this CapEx in Missouri. Obviously you're putting a lot more in there. Just wanna understand what are the key parameters, what are the key inputs that you're thinking about in saying, look, we've got confidence in the totality of this, right? What pieces aren't necessarily approved perhaps?
Michael Moehn: Well, look, I think one of the things you could look at, Julien, is every year at this time, we make a filing in Missouri where we're very transparent and lay out what our planned capital expenditures are, how we're justifying those, thinking about those, where they plan to go and so you'll see that actually today coming from Ameren, Missouri. It happens every year at the same time and then it's subject to public discussion about the plans and where they're going. I would say this, as you look at Missouri, it's really, as I said earlier, it's really to align our investment with the things that were in our IRP last fall. So, we do plan to invest in an 800 megawatt simple cycle plant. We do plan to continue to invest in our dispatchable resources, which is both our coal-fired energy centers to get them through to their retirement, making sure that they're reliable and efficient, making sure that we continue to invest in our nuclear facilities. So we've got a lot of dispatchable resources there. And then as it related to the IRP, also we had planned investments in renewables in some over this five-year period and in battery storage as well and so those are included in the plan. As I mentioned earlier, with respect to renewables, we got a positive order out of the commission on a couple of CCNs last year. We've got four that are pending right now that we believe will be filing a stipulated settlement here in the short term. And we would look to commission approval, but those would be subject to commission approval. And then we've got other planned investments in renewables, again, in accordance with that IRP. And then with respect to the remainder of the spend, it really has to do with continued investment in our distribution infrastructure. I think our customers are seeing a lot of benefits today, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, especially when we have severe weather events. We're seeing the infrastructure investments that we are making, which are stronger, thicker, taller poles, smart automation, distribution automation, our system, new substations. We're really seeing the benefit of that in terms of reduced frequency of outage. I mentioned earlier, the hit top quartile in terms of safety measures or frequency of outages here. So seeing a lot of benefits from that, but, we've only really been at that since 2018, and there's a tremendous amount of investment still to be made, really decades of investment still to be made in terms of not only replacing aging infrastructure, but really modernizing that infrastructure to make sure that the kind of benefits that we're seeing in terms of reduced frequency and duration of outages across our service territory in Missouri. So again, all of that is subject to further planning and etcetera, but I think, again, I'd point you to today's filing in Missouri, which really lays out all the specifics in terms of the plans we had to invest and the justification. With that, I'll stop.
Operator: Thank you. Mr. Lyons, I would now like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments.
Marty Lyons: Yeah, well, thank you. And I wanna thank everybody for their participation today, their questions. We thank you for your investment, your confidence in our Ameren team. We're going to work to build on the best we have of delivering reliable, safe and affordable energy for our customers and communities across both Missouri and Illinois. So look, everybody, be safe and we look forward to seeing many of you at conferences over the next few weeks.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2023 Q3  (2023-11-09 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Ameren Corporation's Third Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Andrew Kirk, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Kirk. You may begin.
Andrew Kirk: Thank you, and good morning. On the call with me today are Marty Lyons, our Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Moehn, our Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; as well as other members of the Ameren management team. This call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. We have posted a presentation on the amereninvestors.com homepage that will be referenced by our speakers. As noted on Page 2 of the presentation, comments made during this conference call may contain statements about future expectations, plans, projections, financial performance and similar matters, which are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Please refer to the forward-looking statements section in the news release we issued yesterday as well as our SEC filings for more information about the various factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. Now here's Marty, who will start on Page 4.
Marty Lyons: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. We had a strong quarter, and we're excited to share an update with you on recent developments. But before I begin our quarterly update, I would like to take the opportunity to congratulate Warner Baxter, who retired as Executive Chairman on November 2. Over his 28-year career with the company, Warner has had a significant positive impact on our industry, company and community. And frankly, each of us here this morning. Under Warner's leadership, Ameren has successfully executed a strategy focused on robust energy infrastructure investments supported by constructive energy policies driving strong value for Ameren's customers, communities and shareholders. And consistent with his focus on sustainability, he leaves behind a strong team dedicated to maintaining that focus and continuously improving. Congratulations Warner, and I wish you well in your retirement. Moving now to Page 5 and our quarterly update. Our dedicated team continues to execute our strategic plan across all of our business segments, which entails investing in energy infrastructure to deliver safe, reliable, clean and affordable electric and natural gas services to our customers. Turning to Page 6. Our strategic plan integrates our strong sustainability value proposition balancing the four pillars of environmental stewardship, positive social impact, strong governance and sustainable growth. Here, we summarized some of the many things we are doing for our customers, communities, coworkers and shareholders. And today, we published our updated sustainability investor presentation called leading the way to a sustainable energy future available at amereninvestors.com. which more fully details how we have been effectively integrating our sustainability value proposition, balancing the four pillars of environmental stewardship, positive social impact, strong governance and sustainable growth. Here, we summarize some of the many things we are doing for our customers, communities, co-workers and shareholders. And today, we published our updated sustainability investor presentation called leading the way to a sustainable energy future, available at amereninvestors.com which more fully details how we have been effectively integrating our sustainability value transmission lines. Such legislation would support the timely and cost-effective construction of the MISO long-range transmission planning projects and other need to transmission investments. Unfortunately, the legislation was vetoed by the governor in August, it was not ultimately brought to a vote during the detail session. We will continue to work with key stakeholders to support this important piece of legislation in the spring legislative session. On Page 14, we look ahead to the next decade. We have a robust pipeline of investment opportunities totaling more than $48 billion that will deliver significant value to all our stakeholders by making our energy grid stronger, smarter and cleaner. The $48 billion does not reflect the incremental investment opportunities included in the recently filed Integrated Resource Plan. We will provide an updated number on our call next February, along with the new five-year capital plan. Of course, our investments create thousands of jobs for our local economies. Maintaining constructive energy policies that support robust investment in energy infrastructure and to transition to a cleaner future in a responsible fashion will be critical to meeting our country's energy needs and delivering on our customers' expectations. Turning now to Page 15. In February, we updated our five-year growth plan, which included our expectation of 6% to 8% compound annual earnings growth rate from 2023 through 2027. This earnings growth is primarily driven by strong compound annual rate base growth of 8.4%, supported by strategic allocation of infrastructure investment to each of our operating segments based on their constructive regulatory frameworks. Combined, we expect to deliver strong long-term earnings and dividend growth, resulting in an attractive total return that compares favorably with our regulated utility peers. I'm confident in our ability to execute our investment plans and strategies across all 4 of our business segments as we have an experienced and dedicated team to get it done. Again, thank you all for joining us today. And I will now turn the call over to Michael.
Michael Moehn: Thanks, Marty, and good morning, everyone. Turning now to Page 17 of our presentation. Yesterday, we reported third quarter 2023 earnings of $1.87 per share, compared to $1.74 per share for the year ago quarter. This page summarizes key drivers impacting earnings at each segment. Under our constructive regulatory frameworks, we experienced earnings growth driven by increased investments in infrastructure in all of our business segments. As you can see, the key quarterly drivers are largely consistent with the guidance considerations laid out in February and the supplemental considerations provided on the first and second quarter earnings calls. We were able to deliver strong earnings performance during the quarter as a result of our diverse business mix and disciplined cost management. Before moving on, I'll touch on sales trends for Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution. Year-to-date, weather-normalized kilowatt-hour sales to Missouri residential, commercial and industrial customers decreased 2%, 0.5% and 2.5%, respectively, compared to last year. The year-to-date decrease in residential sales reflects an anticipated transition back to the office for many people. In addition, energy demand was lower as a result of the impacts from severe weather experienced in our service territory this quarter. That said, our residential sales remain a little over 3% higher than pre-COVID 2019 levels. For Industrial, we expect the year-to-date decline to moderate over the remaining course of the year as the UAW strike ends, coupled with increased demand, including from a General Motors plant expansion and a new graphics processing company. Year-to-date, weather-normalized kilo hour sales to Illinois customers have declined about 3% on average compared to last year. Recall that changes in electric -- Illinois Electric sales, no matter the cause, do not affect our earnings since we have full revenue to cope in. Moving to Page 18. I would now like to briefly touch on our 2023 earnings guidance. We delivered strong earnings in the first nine months of 2023 and are well positioned to finish the year strong. As Marty stated, we have narrowed our 2023 earnings guidance to be in the range of $4.30 to $4.45 per share. This is in comparison to our original guidance range of $4.25 and to $4.45 per share. On this page, we've highlighted slight considerations impacting our 2023 earnings guidance for the remainder of the year. These are supplemental to the key drivers and assumptions discussed on our earnings call in February. I encourage you to take these into consideration as you develop your expectations for the fourth quarter earnings results. Turning now to Page 19. In January, Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution followed its first multiyear rate plan or MYRP with the ICC, our MYRP is designed around 3 key elements: providing safe and reliable energy to our customers deploying capital in a way that achieves the climate and equitable job to act objectives as included in our performance metrics and fulfilling the clean energy transition by preparing our system to accept more renewables and electric vehicles over time. The MYRP details a grid modernization plan that includes our planned electric distribution investments and supports our annual revenue increase request for the next four years. In September, the ICC staff followed a brief recommending a cumulative increase of $322 million in revenue for 2024 through 2027. This includes a return on equity of 8.9%, reflecting the 2022 average 30-year treasury rate plus 580 basis points. It also includes a 50% equity ratio. Also in September, Ameren Illinois updated its request to reflect a cumulative increase of $444 million in revenues, which reflect a return on equity of 10.5% and an equity ratio of 54%. In October, the administrative law judges recommended a cumulative increase of $338 million in revenues, incorporating a 9.24% return on equity and a 50% equity ratio. Our brief on exceptions filed last Thursday, calls for a return on it of 9.85% and an equity ratio of 52%. We expect an ICC decision by mid-December with new rates affected by January 2024. Turning to Page 20. In April, we saw that our electric distribution annual rate reconciliation to reconcile the 2022 revenue requirements to actual cost. In August, the ICC staff updated a recommended reconciliation adjustment to $110 million base rate increase compared to our updated request of $117 million base rate increase. The $7 million variance is driven by a difference in the common equity ratio as we have proposed a 52% compared to the ICC staff's recommended 52%. An ICC decision is required by December 2023, and the full amount would be collected from customers in 2024. Earlier this year, we also filed with the ICC for an annual increase in Ameren Illinois Natural Gas distribution rates using a 2024 future test year. In October, we filed an updated request for a $140 million increase based on a 10.22% ROE and a 52% common equity ratio and a $2.9 billion rate base. In October, the ICC staff recommended a $127 million increase based on the 9.89% return on equity and a 50% common equity ratio, which is consistent with the ALJ proposed order issued in September. We expect an ICC decision by mid-November with rates expected to be effective in early December this year. On Page 21, we provide a financing update. We continue to feel very good about our financial position. We were able to successfully execute two debt issuances earlier this year, which you've outlined on this page. Further, in order to maintain our credit ratings and a strong balance sheet while we fund our robust infrastructure plan, we expect to issue approximately $300 million of common equity, consisting of 3.2 million shares by the end of this year. These shares were previously sold forward under an ATM program with an average initial forward sales price of approximately $93 per share. Additionally, on September 30, we've entered into forward sales agreements under an ATM program for approximately $92 million to support our 2024 equity needs with an average initial forward sales price of approximately $86 per share. Together with the issuance under our 401(k) and DRIP plus programs, our ATM equity program is expected to support our equity needs in 2024 and beyond. We continue to be strategic and thoughtful about our financing and our robust capital plan. Turning to Page 22. I'd like to briefly touch on our natural gas business as we head into the wearer months. Both Ameren Illinois and Ameren Missouri natural gas commodity prices are approximately 91% price edged based on normal seasonal sales and 100% volumetrically hedged based on maximum seasonal sales. I'm pleased to say, in light of the drop in natural gas prices, residential natural gas customers in Illinois and Missouri are expected to see total bill decreases of approximately 13% and 23%, respectively, compared to the 2022, 2023 winter season. Turning to Page 23. We plan to provide 2024 earnings guidance when we release fourth quarter results in February next year. Using our 2023 guidance as a reference point, we've listed on this page select items to consider when you think about our earnings outlook for next year. Beginning with Missouri, earnings are expected to be higher in 2024 when compared to 2023 due to new electric service rates effective in July 2023. We also expect increased investments in infrastructure eligible for plant and service accounting, but positively impact earnings. Our return to weather in 2024 would increase Ameren's earnings by approximately $0.02 compared to 2023 results to date, assuming normal weather in the last quarter of the year. Next, earnings from our FERC-regulated electric transmission activities are expected to benefit from additional investments in Ameren Illinois projects made under forward-looking formula ratemaking. Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution, earnings are expected to benefit in 2024 compared to 2023 from additional infrastructure investments. The allowed ROE under the new multiyear rate plan effective at the beginning of 2024, will be determined by the ITC as part of the pending rate review compared to the average 2023 30-year treasury yield plus 5.8% -- review compared to the average 2023, 30-year treasury yield plus 5.8%, which is currently in place. Ameren Illinois Natural Gas earnings are expected to benefit from higher delivery service rates based on a 2024 future test year. Moving now to Ameren wide considerations. We expect increased common shares outstanding and higher interest expense at Ameren to unfavorably impact earnings in 2024 compared to 2023. Finally, I would now consistent with past practice, our 2024 earnings guidance will include no expectation of COLI gains or losses. And turning to Page 24. We're well positioned to continue executing our plan. We expect to deliver strong earnings growth in 2023 and over the long-term, driven by robust rate base growth and disciplined cost management. Further, we believe this growth will compare favorably with the growth of our peers. Ameren shares continue to offer investors an attractive dividend and total shareholder return story. That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Nicholas Campanella with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey everybody, it's Nathan Richardson [ph] on for Nick.
Marty Lyons: Hey, good morning, Nathan. This is Marty Lyons. Before you get to your question, I just you may not have experienced this, but I think many of our participants that were participating on the webcast missed a portion of our prepared remarks because of systems issue, but I just want to reassure everybody, we will post our replay of the entire conference call as soon as possible following the end of the Q&A session. So with that, please carry on with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Got you. And I just want to talk about equity needs first. I'm sorry if I missed this, but in the September slide, you talked about $500 million of equity needs per year from $24 million to $27 million. And would this still be the case? And would you mind maybe talking about how you're thinking about ATM versus block needs and what you would be open to?
Michael Moehn: Yes. Perfect. Good morning. This is Michael. Yes, our equity needs are really unchanged from where they were at the beginning of the year, we issued our five-year guidance. We talked about $300 million of equity that we needed to do in '23 and then $500 million per year, beginning in '24 through the balance of '27, happy to report, I think we've said this before, we've taken care of those equity needs for '23. Those have been done under an ATM forward sales, so we'll bring those down here at the end of the year. We've sold forward about $100 million of the $500 million need for 25 through some forward sales. As we sit here today, we continue to find the ATM to be very effective, efficient. We'll continue to evaluate our needs. Our capital comes in pretty ratably. So the ATM works well from that perspective. And so -- but we're always open to, if there are better mechanisms to continue to take advantage of.
Unidentified Analyst: Got you. Thank you. And then one last one. So sticking with financing. You have a robust IRP with a lot of renewables. Can you help me think about your position on transferability cash flow and whether that is something you would utilize and maybe a timeline for that?
Michael Moehn: Yes, you bet. I mean, it looks like the transferability market continues to evolve here nicely and continue to see some deals get -- starting to get done there, which is great. Yes. I mean as we kind of step back and think about it, it's certainly something we could avail ourselves of over time just because we don't have necessarily the tax appetite to use all those when we need to. And so as we think about from a financing perspective, I mean, there could be -- it could be a slight positive, right, just over time? I mean ultimately, you're going to end up providing those back to customers, which is great because it ends up lowering the cost of those renewables, which is what we all want. But there could be some positive temporary regulatory lag that we may experience from time-to-time. But not a huge, I think replacement any sort of financing needs going forward, if that makes sense.
Unidentified Analyst: Got it, makes sense. Thank you very much.
Michael Moehn: You bet, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Shahriar Pourreza: Hey guys, good morning.
Michael Moehn: Hey Shar, good morning.
Shahriar Pourreza: Good morning. Let me just starting with Illinois. I mean, can you just maybe talk a little bit about the outlook for the balance of the process here on the multiyear. I mean, obviously, your neighbor in Chicago was very dissatisfied with the ALJ. You have briefs out there. I guess what's your expectation for the ICC to depart from the ALJ at this point? And what's the next step, right? So would you consider filing for a rehearing of the ALJ stands as is? Would you look to defer redeploy CapEx? I'm just kind of curious what the next step could be if you get an adverse decision.
Marty Lyons: Yes. Look, Shar, I think great questions overall. First of all, as you referred to, we filed our reply brief in September. And we believe that what we filed there really best supports achievement of the State of Illinois goals is captured in the Clean Energy and Jobs Act. And so if you look at that, that's where we really believe that the state would be best served and the customers of the state. So look, I would say, as I think about the process to date, we've been pleased both the staff and frankly, now that in the ALJ as well, they've supported nearly 95% of our planned capital investments over the next four years. So I think that's a positive that's occurred through this process. We -- as we stated in our prepared remarks are disappointed with the recommended return on equity and capital structure that came from the ALJ as well as the treatment of the OPEB asset. But the case isn't over. Like I said, last week, we filed our brief on exceptions. We articulated our concerns and the reasons for seeking a better outcome from the commission. And I'd say that's really where you get to the next steps, reply briefs on exceptions or due on November 14, and then we'll expect a commission decision by mid-December. As we said in our -- again, in our prepared remarks, we continue to support our initial asks of a 10.5% ROE and 54% equity in the cap structure. But we did in our reply brief suggests an alternative that the commission could arrive at 9.85% ROE or an alternative equity structure of 52% equity. And in coming up with those, we looked at alternative data and the record looked at the averages of comparable utilities as it related to cap structure. So again, I'd refer you to our filing for further details on those. But we remain hopeful at this point that the commission will meet -- is going to reach a more constructive and fair outcome that came from the ALJ. And then at this point, I wouldn't comment on what action we may take post the commission ruling. Michael, you want to make it count?
Michael Moehn: Might agree with all those comments. And just Shar, remind you, I think you know this, I mean, it's about 18% of our rate base today. And again, as we sort of step back and just look at our overall capital plan, we got the $19.7 billion out there over the next five years and $48 billion over the next 10. I think we have really constructive jurisdictions to continue to allocate that. We'll continue to be thoughtful about that. As Marty said, I think where we are from a rate base and capital addition standpoint and that rate review process is a positive at 95% or so. But we have some flexibility to pivot if needed.
Shahriar Pourreza: And then just to confirm, just the equity ratio going into it, no block equity. So just I guess how do we think about juicing of that?
Michael Moehn: Yes. I mean again, as I think as we sit here today, really just kind of stand by the comment I just made about the ATM itself. I think it provides us a great deal of flexibility. It's cost-effective. It's not to say that we wouldn't entertain something if we needed to. But again, just the way that capital is being laid in over time. It's been a pretty effective way to do it.
Marty Lyons: Yes. And Shar, just to build on sort of the answers that I gave and Michael gave. I think as it relates to our overall plan, and Michael mentioned this, I mean, we obviously have robust portfolio of capital expenditures that we can make across all of our segments. And we really feel very confident as we sit here today and our continued ability to grow at 6% to 8% in terms of our EPS CAGR. As we've laid out before, we've got $48 plus billion of infrastructure pipeline out through 2032. And we remain very confident in our overall ability to execute as a company.
Shahriar Pourreza: Perfect, thanks very much guys and big congrats to owner but I have a sense that he is going to be as busy as ever anyway even in Phase 2. Appreciate it guys.
Marty Lyons: You're probably right. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hey guys, good morning. This is Darius on for Julien. Appreciate you taking the question. Maybe just to start with, you alluded to this, and I appreciate that you don't have formal '24 guidance out there. But with the drivers and the visibility that you have now and the known of the ALJ rex in both the Illinois cases, can you comment on maybe just how you see that 6% to 8% shaping up on a year-over-year basis? Does the ALJ sort of give you a basis to still hit that range in '24?
Michael Moehn: Hey Darius, Michael here, thanks again for the question. Look, again, as we sit here today and we updated and provided guidance in February, that's we feel good about that 6% to 8%, thinking about that midpoint of 435. We gave you some select drivers here, right, in terms of what we see sort of impacting us kind of year-over-year. But again, feel good about the situation that we again feel good about the 8.4% rate base growth that we have. We've had obviously the updated IRP that we released in September. We talked about an incremental $1.5 billion of capital that could come into the plan over time there. So again, as we sit here today, feel very good about that 6% to 8% earnings per share growth.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Excellent. Thank you for the detail. And maybe if I can ask one on the competitive transmission projects. Just looking at your updated slide, it looks like the -- and I appreciate these are MISO's estimates, but it looks like the overall competitive opportunity is unchanged at a little bit under $1 billion, but there was -- maybe within that, the content, including Orient, any Fairport was slightly lower than in our previous -- or in the previous estimates. So just curious if you guys can comment on maybe the other projects within that set of competitive opportunities, do you see anything moving up or down as the estimates get for the refined.
Marty Lyons: Yes, happy to answer that question. This is Marty again. So again, with respect to the projects that were signed to us in Tranche 1, the $1.8 billion, as we're getting underway with those, which is fantastic. And then there were about $700 million of competitive projects. And the first one that we bid on was the Orient to Denny Fairport project. And we're very pleased that we were selected as the winning bidder on that project. As you mentioned, the ultimate price that we bid was lower than the MISO's original planning estimate. And I think our bid is indicative of the kind of work we do to partner with others, whether those be co-ops and munis in the area or vendors to really deliver a low-cost project. And as I mentioned, MISO's numbers are planning estimates and don't necessarily have the rigor that goes into the formal bids that we provide. But I wouldn't read too much into where that project came out relative to MISO's estimates. Each project is going to be different. Each project has its own routing issues, land acquisition requirements, partnering opportunities, et cetera. So you really can't extrapolate that outcome to the entirety. But again, I think we're very pleased with where we are. We are very pleased that we were selected as the winning bidder on that project. And we submitted another bid on another project, the Denny to Zachary Thomas Hill Maywood project. And we've got one more that we plan to bid on as well the Skunk River.
Unidentified Analyst: Great, thank you very much for the color. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning.
Marty Lyons: Good morning.
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to come back to Illinois Electric, if I could, realized questions have been asked, but maybe just to put a finer point on some of the questions here. Why do you think the ALJ's ROEs came out so different than your proposal? Or are there any specifics in the ALJ filing that you see that justifies this difference or why they view the electric ROEs less than the gas ROEs as you see kind of justifying this delta?
Marty Lyons: This is Marty again. I really can't comment on why, if you will, they got to that. They used some discounted cash flow and capital asset pricing model kind of calculations that used some data that was in the record. But again, in our reply briefs, we note certain data that alternatively should be used in our view, in those calculations if they were used. And of course, staff use similar calculations and came up with a little over 10%. So again, I can't say why, but we again feel like inappropriate data points were used in those calculations, which again, in our reply briefs we addressed, and I'd refer you there in terms of our thoughts in terms of those calculations.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Understood. Maybe pivoting towards Missouri here and the IRP, what has been the reaction to the proposed Missouri IRP here? How have conversations with stakeholders been trending over time?
Marty Lyons: Yes, I think the conversation that's been had within the state is very much a balanced one. I think that some of the things that we put into this IRP as opposed to our prior one was the addition of 800 megawatts of gas simple cycle in 2027. And we made a couple of adjustments to, first of all, the timing of one coal-fired energy center to push that out for a couple of years and with it push out a 1,200-megawatt planned combined cycle plant. And then I can say we also move forward some of the battery storage technology we had planned by about five years. And I think the conversation has been balanced because in doing this, what we're really doing is putting -- stressing the fact that our integrated resource plan really represents what we believe to be the lowest cost approach to transitioning our portfolio of energy centers over time and maintain importantly, the reliability that our customers expect and as we do that, making sure that we're being good environmental stores. We're able to add those resources to bolster reliability, while still hitting carbon emission reduction targets that we've discussed previously of 60% by 2030, 85% by 2040, and ultimately, that net zero. So again, I believe the conversation has been really balanced because of that, our focus on affordability, our focus on reliability, while still hitting our targets in terms of environmental stewardship.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. Make sense. Very helpful. I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Marty Lyons: Thank you.
Michael Moehn: Thanks, Jeremy.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Arcaro with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
David Arcaro: Hey, good morning. Thanks so much for taking my question. Wondering if you could just speak a little bit to -- related to the CCNs and renewables in Missouri, how competitive are renewables currently? And just what's your latest in terms of how you're positioned to compete for company-owned generation versus contracting?
Marty Lyons: Yes. With respect to the Missouri renewables, earlier this year, the Missouri Public Service Commission approved to solar projects that we had proposed, both the Huck Finn and the Boomtown solar projects together, there are about 350 megawatts of investment. And those are projects that we will be constructed and that we will be own, and we expect closing date on those to be Q4 of 2024. So a good step forward in terms of commission approval of projects consistent with our IRP and our ownership. We also filed for CCNs this year for an additional 550 megawatts of solar projects, four projects in total. And that's going to be proceeding. We expect a commission decision on that early next year. And again, we do believe it's in the best interest of our customers and communities long term for these projects to be constructed for our ownership. In our Integrated Resource Plan, we didn't change the amount of our anticipated and planned overall renewables versus our prior IRP, we did include an expectation that the costs associated with those renewables would increase. However, those costs are being offset by the impact of the higher production tax credits and investment tax credits that are available under the Inflation Reduction Act. So when we go to -- when you look at the IRP, which we laid out the timeline on Slide 10 that we provided. What you see there is a really good balance of the growth in renewable projects, but also investments in assets that will preserve reliability, as I mentioned a second ago, both the gas simple cycle, the gas combined cycle, some of the battery storage technology that's really going to ensure that we continue to have a reliable system. But the important thing is that this combination of resources, along with the continued investment, ensuring the reliability of our existing dispatchable assets, both our Callaway nuclear plant as well as our coal assets through retirement. We really believe that this represents a least cost plan for providing energy to our customers in Missouri and preserving again, the reliability that they expect. So again, the CCNs that we're proposing for the renewables really fit with execution of this IRP. And then with respect to your last question. While you can't rule out the possibility of PPAs. What we've really demonstrated over time, if you look at some of the renewable projects that we've put into our portfolio and have had approved by the commission, is that we really do believe in the long term that our ownership and operation of these assets provides the long-term lowest cost for our customers.
David Arcaro: Great. Thanks for all that color. Very helpful. And I was wondering if you could also touch on your expectations here for load growth going forward. We've seen weather normal loads still trending down through most of the year. I'm wondering if you could give your perspective on when that might settle down and outlook for industrial sales to within that?
Michael Moehn: Yes, you bet. Good morning, David, this is Michael. Yes, this year has obviously been a little interesting. You see some of the decreases in residential. I think we attribute that to a couple of things. We had some significant storms number of them over the summer that certainly contributed a bit to that. And then also, we still just working through, I think, the going back from working at home into the office. And so you're certainly seeing that transition as well. And it continues to throw the number around a bit. We've -- obviously, we've had some extreme weather here and there, which always factors into kind of how you think about this on a normalized basis, but you try to get it as close as possible. I do think it is beginning to level out as we kind of look forward. And I mean, again, I think I pointed out, if you look at our residential side of things, I mean, you're seeing about 3% growth relative to where we were kind of pre-pandemic. And the other positive is we actually have customer growth year-to-date, too. So ultimately, you believe that's going to continue to transition into some sales growth. I think on the commercial side, we continue to see some positives. I mean the industrial line noted that obviously we are impacted by the strike at GM that was going on for some period of time that obviously seems to be concluding. There's actually an expansion that has occurred there and so we should see that be a positive element going into the remainder of the fourth quarter. And then I think there's some positive developments that we're seeing just broadly on the industrial side as well that are adding some little growth. So I mean as we look out in the future, I think we still stick by this about 0.5% kind of load growth over time. I think that has the ability, hopefully, to move up as some of this industrial continues to evolve, but that's where we are today, David.
David Arcaro: Okay, great. Thanks so much. See you soon.
Michael Moehn: You bet.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson: Hey, good morning guys.
Marty Lyons: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson: Just wanted to -- I apologize if I missed this, because I did have some tech problems. But the -- Darius, was asking about the competitive bid, and I was wondering, do you guys have any data that you guys provided or can provide on kinds of what kind of returns you're seeing in the competitive transmission versus just in general?
Marty Lyons: Yes. Paul, first of all, I do apologize again for the technical difficulty you and others experienced apologize for that and the inconvenience. I don't think we have anything that we could point to in terms of return. I would say this. I mean, when we bid on these projects, we're very cognizant of what we think our cost of capital is and what appropriate return expectations are for these projects. So that's certainly taken into consideration when making any bid. So I think the assumption should be that is a winning bidder of this project that we expect to earn a fair return on the project.
Paul Patterson: Sure. Okay. But I guess maybe it's competitive to tell us what that might be? Is that right? Or can you?
Marty Lyons: Yes, I think so. I mean, we'll give some consideration post the call to whether there's anything we can point to. But yes, I think that probably not something that I think we could point to today.
Paul Patterson:
, :
Marty Lyons: Well, I think, Paul, as it relates to the court cases as we watch court case around the country, both in Texas as well as a couple of other states. We've seen them run into problems in Texas. We've seen the ROFRs upheld in other states. So we're going to continue to watch the developments across all of these cases. And then make sure that whatever we bring forward, which we do plan to bring forward next year, these rights of first refusal, both in Illinois and Missouri. That we make appropriate adjustments to the proposed legislation to ensure that they're able to withstand legal challenges and hold up. If for some reason through the process of these things going through the courts, we don't believe that they'd be lawful. Obviously, that would affect whether we move forward with seeking these rights of first refusal or not. But as we sit here today, we do believe both in Missouri and Illinois that these rights of first refusal really are very beneficial to our customers and communities. I think we just talked about this [indiscernible] that we won, which was this Orient-Denny-Fairport project. And I think it just goes to show that we are a low-cost constructor. We are a low-cost operator. And we do believe that these projects have very good value for customers. And when MISO puts these forward Tranche 1, I mean what's to come in Tranche 2, these projects have very good benefit to cost ratios. And by not assigning those to the incumbent transmission operator by putting them out for bid, you're delaying those benefits to customers by two years or so. And again, we've certainly demonstrated we're a low-cost provider. So we do think that these rights of first refusal are in the best interest of our customers. The citizens of both the states of Illinois and Missouri. And we look forward to working with stakeholders as we move towards the next legislative session to really build a stronger coalition and make sure people really understand the value, and we'll work with all stakeholders to put forward legislation that we think not only can pass, it should pass, but can withstand any core challenges. So back to your question, Paul, we'll continue to monitor these cases as we have and adjust as needed.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And absolutely, I hear you on your ability to demonstrate your competitiveness and stuff. But just I guess what I'm saying -- I guess what I'm asking about is the Supreme Court, I guess, what I'm wondering is would that invalidate ROFRs? Do you follow what I'm saying -- I mean across the country? Or do you see this as being specific to -- I mean I guess what I'm saying -- I don't know stands an industry question, if you follow me to sort of -- I'm trying to figure out for my own edification or like what happens if it is in [indiscernible] I guess that would mean the Fifth Circuit would stand. And if that is the case, what -- how do we think about the ROFR people where I'm coming from?
Marty Lyons: Well, I do. And I guess we'd have to see how the Supreme Court rules, what they say. But when -- we talked about this a little bit on the last call. When we looked at Texas, we thought it was really more applicable to the situation in Texas whereas when we looked at crafting the rights of first refusal we've been putting forward more aligned with states where the ROFRs have been upheld in the courts. So I think we'd ultimately have to look at the ultimate -- the Supreme Court decision and its applicability. But I guess I can't really comment further at this time, Paul.
Paul Patterson: I got you. I appreciate. Thanks so much and thanks.
Marty Lyons: You bet. Thank you. See you soon.
Operator: Our final question comes from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey, good morning. Thanks for squeezing me in. Just hopefully an easy one. You talked a lot about the financing plan. It seems like it's intact. A lot of capital opportunities, rate base opportunities. I'm just wondering what do you think is the most challenging part of the play that you have?
Michael Moehn: Yes. Hey, Anthony, it's Michael. Look, I think it's just about continued execution around all these projects, right? I mean I think we got some robust rate base growth, 8.4%, as you just noted, $20 billion of capital plans. We got to continue to execute these wells, get them into service, make sure we realize all the benefits associated with them. Obviously, we're in a different financing environment today than we were a couple of years ago. So that creates some headwinds you've got to continue to work through. But I mean ultimately, I think we talked about this in the past, we've got a number of mechanisms to recover those financing costs pretty rapidly through both on the Illinois side. We can always accelerate some rate reviews that we needed to on the Missouri side. But at the end of the day, I think it's really -- this comes back down to just an affordability opportunities just making sure that we keep cost as low as we possibly can for customers as we work through this incredibly important clean energy transition. Marty, anything to add to that?
Marty Lyons: No, I think that's well covered. Anthony, any other questions?
Anthony Crowdell: No, I'm good. Thank you so much. I'll catch you guys up in Phoenix.
Marty Lyons: Look forward to seeing you.
Michael Moehn: See you next week.
Operator: Mr. Lyons, there are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments.
Marty Lyons: Well, thank you all for joining us today. Once again, I apologize for the technical difficulties, some of your experiences -- you experienced, and as I mentioned, we'll make sure that we opposed a replay of this call as quickly as possible. I think what you heard today is we have really had a strong start to 2023. We've gotten through these important summer months. And just with just a couple of months left, remain very confident in our ability to achieve our earnings per share growth goals for this year and earnings per share range that we've outlined today. We make sure that we're focused on continuing to deliver strong value, both for our customers, our communities as well as for our shareholders. As we underscore today, we continue to expect 6% to 8% earnings per share growth for '23 to '27. It's supported by strong investment in rate-regulated infrastructure and rate base growth of 80.4% compound annually from 2022 to 2027. So we feel very good about our execution of our plan, and I thank you all for joining us, and we look forward to seeing you all soon. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q2  (2023-08-03 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to Ameren Corporation's Second Quarter 2023 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Andrew Kirk, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Kirk. You may begin.
Andrew Kirk: Thank you and good morning. On the call with me today are Marty Lyons, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Moehn, our Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, as well as the other members of the Ameren management team. This call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. We have posted a presentation on the amereninvestors.com homepage. That will be referenced by our speakers. As noted on page two of the presentation, comments made during this conference call may contain statements about future expectations, plans, projections, financial performance, and similar matters which are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Please refer to the forward-looking statements section in the news release we issued yesterday as well as our SEC filings for more information about the various factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. Now, here's Marty, who will start on page four.
Marty Lyons: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. Before we cover our second quarter earnings results, I would like to discuss a series of major storm events which occurred in late June and July and disrupted power to a significant number of our electric customers across Illinois and Missouri. Collectively, this was the worst month for storm events Ameren has experienced in approximately 15-years. I would like to thank our customers for their patience as we work to restore their power. I'm also grateful for and proud of the Ameren team. Importantly, our team worked hundreds of thousands of man hours in challenging conditions with no significant employee injuries. These outages emphasize why we believe continued investment in grid reliability and resiliency remains as important and necessary as ever for our customers, which brings me to page four. Our dedicated team will continue to execute our strategic plan across all of our business segments, which entails proactively investing in energy infrastructure to deliver safe, reliable, clean, and affordable electric and natural gas services to our customers. And moving to page five. Our strategic plan, integrates our strong sustainability value proposition, balancing the four pillars of environmental stewardship, positive social impact, strong governance, and sustainable growth. Here we summarize some of the many things we are doing for our customers, communities, co-workers, and shareholders. And today, we published our updated sustainability investor presentation called Leading the Way to a Sustainable Energy Future, available at amereninvestors.com, which more fully details how we have been effectively integrating our sustainability values and practices into our corporate strategy. I encourage you to take some time to read more about our strong sustainability value proposition. Turning to page six. Yesterday, we announced second quarter 2023 earnings of $0.90 per share, compared to earnings of $0.80 per share in the second quarter of 2022. The key drivers of our second quarter results are outlined on this slide. As a result of our strong execution in the first-half of the year, I'm pleased to report that we remain on track to deliver within our 2023 earnings guidance range of $4.25 per share to $4.45 per share. Moving to page seven. On our call in February, I highlighted some of our key strategic business objectives for 2023. We continue to make great progress as a result of our team's dedication. Outlined on page eight, are a few key accomplishments this quarter. As you can see on the right side of this page, we've invested significant capital in each of our business segments during the first-half of this year, increasing spending nearly 20%, compared to the year ago period. These investments will continue to improve the reliability, resiliency, safety, and efficiency of our system as we make a clean energy transition for the benefit of our customers. During these first six months of the year, Ameren Missouri installed over 175,000 smart meters, 147 smart switches, and 32 underground cable miles and energized eight upgraded substations. Over 75% of our Ameren Missouri electric customers now have smart meters, allowing for better understanding of energy usage and choice amongst several time-of-use rates offered. In Illinois, our customers are benefiting from over 3,700 new or reinforced electric poles and 91 new smart switches on electric distribution circuits year-to-date, and we continue to focus on replacing mechanically-coupled gas service pipes. Further, our transmission business completed a total of 117 projects in the first-half of the year, including line rebuilds, new transmission circuits, transformer replacements, generator interconnections, and other upgrades to aging infrastructure, supporting the economic delivery of renewable energy resources for our customers, as well as the overall resiliency of the transmission system. This includes the transmission portion of our Intelligrid program which was completed this spring. Ameren's Intelligrid network is a safe and secure private telecommunications network, which enables the full functionality of smart grid technologies, giving Ameren greater awareness of system conditions, potentially reducing outage frequencies, and durations to milliseconds instead of minutes or hours. As a result, it will reduce costs and wait times for customers. I'd like to express my appreciation for the Ameren team's dedication, hard work, and collaboration so far this year to deliver value for our customers. Moving on to regulatory matters. In June, the Missouri Public Service Commission approved constructive settlement terms of the Ameren Missouri electric rate review, which called for a $140 million annual revenue increase. New customer rates were effective July 9, representing an increase of approximately 2% compounded annually since April 1, 2017 prior to Ameren Missouri adopting plant-in-service accounting, or PISA. PISA, which is effective through at least 2028, allows Ameren Missouri to make meaningful and timely infrastructure investments, providing significant benefits to our customers. We also continue to make progress on the clean energy transition through the addition of solar to our generation portfolio. Moving to Ameren Illinois. Our team has been working diligently with key stakeholders in our ongoing electric distribution multi-year rate plan, or MYRP, and natural gas rate reviews. We filed rebuttal -- answer rebuttal testimony in June and July, respectively, and are encouraged by the constructive progress made to date. Michael will discuss these in more detail in a moment. In June, the Ameren Illinois beneficial electrification plan approved by the commission in March was updated to include $65 million through 2025 for programs, incentives, and rates encouraging electric vehicle adoption and infrastructure development. In legislative matters, we were supportive of the transmission efficiency and cooperation law, or House Bill 3445, which was passed by the Illinois General Assembly in May. This bill would support timely and cost-effective construction of transmission projects, which I will touch on more on the next slide. Moving onto operational matters. We remain focused on keeping customer bills as low as possible through disciplined cost management, continuous improvement, and optimizing our operating performance as we transform our business through investment to ensure we sustainably provide safe, reliable, and cleaner energy for our customers. Finally, in early May, the Callaway Energy Center was brought back online following a brief planned maintenance outage, which was completed safely and on schedule. The next scheduled Callaway refueling and maintenance outage is planned for this fall. Turning to page nine. As I just mentioned, in May, the Illinois General Assembly passed House Bill 3445 or the transmission efficiency and cooperation law which, if enacted, would provide incumbent utilities, including Ameren, the right of first refusal to build MISO long-range transmission planning projects approved by year end 2024. If enacted, HB 3445 will support the clean energy transition, benefiting our Illinois customers and communities and the broader MISO region. As the local utility, we believe we are well-positioned to efficiently build, operate, and maintain these transmission assets over time. The right of first refusal allows for the construction process to begin sooner and the resulting customer benefits to be realized much quicker. Importantly, we competitively bid each component of our projects and utilized local suppliers and contractors who support the local economy. In addition, we have long-term relationships with key stakeholders in the region and work closely with landowners and communities when citing transmission lines. The bill supports the timely and cost-effective construction of the MISO long-range transmission projects, including one Tranche 1 project approved in July 2022 and Tranche 2 projects expected to be approved in the first-half of 2024. The legislation was sent to the Governor for signature on June 22, who has until August 21 to sign, veto, or abstain from acting on the bill. Should the Governor abstain, the bill will automatically become law. Turning to page 10. As we've discussed in the past, MISO completed a study outlining a potential road map of transmission projects through 2039. Detailed project planning, design work, and procurement for the Tranche 1 projects assigned to Ameren is underway, and we expect construction to begin in 2026. MISO requests for a proposal for its estimated $700 million of Tranche 1 competitive projects have been issued. We submitted our first bid related to the Orient-Denny-Fairport in May. The remaining two bids are due in October and November of this year. The proposal and evaluation process for the competitive projects is expected to take place over the course of 2023 and into mid-2024. Looking ahead to Tranche 2, MISO's analysis of potential projects is well underway and will continue for the remainder of the year and into next year. MISO anticipates the Tranche 2 portfolio of projects will be approved in the first-half of 2024. Continued investment in transmission is needed to facilitate the transfer capability of energy across the region as more dispatchable generation retires and renewables come online. On another matter related to MISO, an independent review was completed in July at the request of the ICC, which evaluated the benefits of Ameren Illinois' continued participation in MISO, compared to the PJM Interconnection regional transmission organization. The study considered reliability, resource adequacy, resiliency, affordability, equity, environmental impact, and general health, safety and welfare of Illinois residents. In conclusion, the independent consultant determine that Ameren Illinois remaining in MISO avoids significant economic costs for the customers of Ameren Illinois and Illinois residents more broadly. Before moving on, I'm happy to say that the Illinois Power Agency's procurement events this past May, which set energy and capacity prices from June 1, 2023 through May 31, 2024, resulted in significantly lower prices compared to last year. In fact, we expect a decline of over 25% in Ameren Illinois' Basic Generation Service rate. For customers taking power from Ameren Illinois, assuming normal weather, this could result in double-digit percentage decreases on their overall electric bill providing welcome relief for customers. Moving now to page 11. As laid out in our June 2022 Missouri Integrated Resource Plan, or IRP, we're taking a thoughtful and measured approach to investing in new generation as our older energy centers near retirement. In support of this transition, we were pleased with the Missouri PSC approvals of certificates of convenience and necessity, or CCNs, for the Huck Finn Solar Project in February and the Boomtown Solar Project in April. Construction of Boomtown began in July and construction of Huck Finn is expected to begin in October. In June, we filed with the Missouri PSC for four additional CCNs totaling 550 megawatts of new solar generation across our service territory. These projects support our ongoing generation transformation, which calls for adding 2,800 megawatts of renewable generation by 2030, while maintaining the reliability and affordability our customers expect. These projects will bring over 900 new construction jobs and additional tax revenues and other payments to the area. Subject to approval, these solar projects are expected to go in service between 2024 and 2026. While the Missouri PSC is under no deadline to issue an order on these CCN filings, we expect decisions in the first quarter of 2024. Ameren Missouri is in the process of finalizing its next IRP, and we look forward to filing it with the Missouri PSC by the end of September. We believe the plan filed in 2022 includes a balanced and measured approach to adding renewables over time. As we continue the transition to a cleaner and more diverse generation portfolio, we are focused on reliability of the system, in particular in the hot summer and cold winter months. As a result, we are evaluating the need for more dispatchable energy prior to 2030, which is also consistent with MISO's view of future generation capacity needs in our region. On page 12, we look ahead to the next decade. We have a robust pipeline of investment opportunities, totaling more than $48 billion that will deliver significant value to all of our stakeholders by making our energy grid stronger, smarter, and cleaner. Of course, our investments also create thousands of jobs for our local economies. Maintaining constructive energy policies that support robust investment in energy infrastructure and a transition to a cleaner future in a responsible fashion will be critical to meeting our country's energy needs and delivering on our customers' expectations. Turning to page 13. In February, we updated our five-year growth plan, which included our expectation of a 6% to 8% compound annual earnings growth rate from 2023 through 2027. This earnings growth is primarily driven by our strong compound annual rate base growth of 8.4%, supported by strategic allocation of infrastructure investment to each of our operating segments based on their constructive regulatory frameworks. Combined, we expect to deliver strong long-term earnings and dividend growth, resulting in an attractive total return that compares favorably with our regulated utility peers. I'm confident in our ability to execute our investment plans and strategies across all four of our business segments as we have an experienced and dedicated team to get it done. Again, thank you, all, for joining us today, and I will now turn the call over to Michael.
Michael Moehn: Thanks, Marty, and good morning, everyone. Turning now to page 15 of our presentation. Yesterday, we reported second quarter 2023 earnings of $0.90 per share, compared to $0.80 per share for the year-ago quarter. This page summarizes key drivers impacting earnings at each segment. As you can see under our constructive regulatory frameworks, we experienced earnings growth driven by increased investments in infrastructure in all of our business segments. Ameren Missouri earnings were negatively impacted by normal temperatures in the quarter, compared to warmer-than-normal temperatures in the year-ago period. We were still able to deliver a strong earnings performance during the quarter as a result of our diverse business mix and disciplined cost management. Before moving on, I'll touch on sales trends for Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois electric distribution. Year-to-date weather-normalized kilowatt-hour sales to Missouri residential and industrial customers decreased about 1% and 2.5%, respectively. Year-to-date weather normalized kilowatt hour sales to Missouri commercial customers increased about 0.5%. The modest decline in residential sales year-over-year were expected as more people return to the office, yet there has been nearly a 4% increase in residential sales as compared to pre-pandemic levels. Year-to-date weather normalized kilowatt hour sales to Illinois customers have declined about 3.5%, compared to last year. Recall that changes in Illinois electric sales, no matter the cause, do not affect our earnings, since we have full revenue decoupling. On the economic development front, there have been several announcements to build or expand within our territory. In Missouri, Boeing plans for nearly $2 billion expansion of its aerospace program and would create 500 new jobs. In addition, ICL Group plans to expand their lithium battery material manufacturing plant in St. Louis, which will support the production of EV batteries and will be the first large-scale plant of its type in the country, creating an additional 165 jobs. I'm pleased to say that we continue to see a strong labor market in Missouri, with an unemployment rate of 2.6%, well below the national average. And in Illinois, Manner Polymers and the Prysmian Group announced plans to build facilities manufacturing electric vehicle components and renewable energy cable, which collectively would create nearly a 150 jobs in the state. Moving to page 16. Yesterday, we reaffirmed our 2023 earnings guidance range of $4.25 to $4.45 per share. On this page, we've highlighted select considerations impacting our 2023 earnings guidance for the remainder of the year. These are supplemental to the key drivers and assumptions discussed on our earnings call in February. I encourage you to take these into consideration as you develop your expectations for quarterly earnings results for the remainder of the year. Turning now to page 17, I'll provide an update on our regulatory rate proceedings. In June, the Missouri PSC approved a stipulation and agreement in our Ameren Missouri electric rate review for $140 million annual revenue increase. The agreement was a black box settlement and did not specify certain details including return on equity, capital structure, or rate base. The agreement did provide for the continuation of key trackers and riders, including the fuel adjustment clause. New electric service rates were effective July 9th. In other Missouri regulatory matters, in preparation for the planned retirement of our Rush Island Energy Center, last week Ameren has already filed a 60-day notice with the Missouri PSC for the securitization on costs associated with the Rush Island Energy Center. We will seek to finance the costs associated with the retirement, including our remaining net book value of the Rush Island Energy Center through the securitization. As of June 30, 2023, the net book value was approximately $550 million. We expect to file our petition seeking commission approval of the securitization as early as the fourth quarter of this year. Once filed, the regulatory proceedings are expected to take up to seven months to complete. Moving to Page 18, in January, Ameren Illinois electric distribution filed its first multi-year rate plan, or MYRP, with the ICC. Our MYRP is designed around three key elements: Providing safe and reliable energy to our customers, deploying capital in a way that achieves the Climate and Equitable Jobs Act objectives as included in our performance metrics, and fulfilling the clean energy transition by preparing our system to accept more renewables and electric vehicles over time. The MYRP details a grid modernization plan that includes our planned electric distribution investments and supports our annual revenue increase request for the next four years. On July 13, the ICC staff filed a rebuttal testimony recommending a cumulative increase of $317 million in revenue for 2024 through 2027. This includes a return on equity of 8.9%, reflecting the 2022 average 30-year treasury rate, plus 580 basis points. If adopted, staff suggested the return on equity would be updated annually. It also includes a 50% equity ratio. On July 27, Ameren Illinois updated its request for a cumulative increase of $448 million in revenues. This increase includes a return on equity of 10.5% and an equity ratio of 54%. The variance in the Ameren Illinois’ cumulative request and the staff's recommended accumulative increase is driven primarily by the return on equity and the common equity ratio, which makes up $81 million of the $131 million variance. An ICC decision is required by December 2023 with new rates effective by January 2024. Turning to page 19. In April, we filed our electric distribution annual rate reconciliation following to reconcile the 2022 revenue requirement to actual cost. In late June, the ICC staff recommended a $109 million base rate increase, compared to our updated request of $125 million base rate increase. The $16 million variance is primarily driven by a difference in the common equity ratio as we have proposed 54%, compared to the ICC staff's recommended 50%. An ICC decision is required by December 2023 and the full amount will be collected from customers in 2024. Earlier this year, we also filed with the ICC for an annual increase in Ameren Illinois natural gas distribution rates using a 2024 future test year. In July, we filed a third rebuttal testimony requesting $148 million increase based on a 10.3% ROE, a 54% equity ratio, and a $2.9 billion rate base. Staff has recommended a $128 million increase reflecting a 9.9% return on equity and a 50% equity ratio. Other interveners have recommended an increase of $98 million to a $106 million, reflecting a 9.5% return on equity and a 52% equity ratio. An ICC decision is required by late November 2023 with rates expected to be effective in early December of this year. On page 20, we provide a financing update. We continue to feel very good about our financial position. On May 31, Ameren Illinois issued $500 million of 4.95% first mortgage bonds due in 2033. Proceeds of this offering were used to repay a portion of a short-term debt and to repay a $100 million, or 0.375% first mortgage bonds that matured June 15. Further, in order for us to maintain our credit ratings and a strong balance sheet while we fund our robust infrastructure plan, we expect to issue approximately $300 million of common equity, consisting of approximately $3.2 million shares by the end of this year. These shares were previously sold forward under our ATM equity program. Additionally, we have begun to enter into forward sales agreements to support our 2024 equity needs. As of June 30, approximately $92 million of the $500 million of equity outlined for 2024 has been sold forward under the program. Together with the issuance under our 401(k) and DRPlus programs, our ATM equity program is expected to support our equity needs in 2024 and beyond. And turning to page 21. We're off to a strong start and well-positioned to continue executing our plan. We expect to deliver strong earnings growth in 2023 and over the long term, driven by robust rate base growth and disciplined cost management. Further, we believe this growth will compare favorably with the growth of our peers. Ameren shares continue to offer investors an attractive dividend and total shareholder return story. This concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning, team. Thanks so much for the time. Appreciate it. Thanks for all the comments. Maybe just kicking this thing up on the Rush Island side of the equation. Just with the book value, it seems like that $550 million. Can you comment a little bit on the size of the securitization and maybe the offset to that, if you will, when you think about the additional transmission rate base opportunities in otherwise you articulated? Just thinking about the timing and the net puts and takes here, if you will.
Michael Moehn: Yes. Hey, good morning, Julien. I appreciate the question. This is Michael. Yes, from an overall amount, I mean, again, we provide that book value of $550 million, again, this will be probably a year from now. But you should think roughly in those lines. I mean, around $500 million would be some depreciation, etc., that will occur. There's couple of items that get incorporate into that like inventory, etc. But around $500 million. And I think as we've talked about in the past and then we have a lot of flexibility here in terms of what we do with that, in terms of additional investments. It's really not restricted. It just really needs to go back into infrastructure. We obviously can use it to buyback, debt, and other things as well. But I mean given our capital plan, there's lots to do there. I think from a timing perspective, that's what -- we're being very thoughtful about trying to determine the actual retirement date itself, get this well in advance of that to give us plenty of time to make sure that we continue to replace that rate base over time and avoid any sort of earnings hit there. Hopefully, that helps.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: No, absolutely. Thanks, again. And then just when you think about the offsets here, just to push a little bit further on that, right, Rush Island, okay, securitization, one year out. Obviously, you alluded to a few different things there. Transmission probably being the single most notable element of what you talked about a moment ago. Can you maybe elaborate a little bit what HB 3445, if I got the number right, does? And then separately, just on the timing for Trance 2, I mean, what opportunity you see there as well, right, I mean -- and/or competitive pieces from Tranche 1? Just trying to think about, like, again, that emphasis on the puts and especially here the opportunities.
Marty Lyons: Hey, Julien. This is Marty. Hey, thanks, again, for your questions. Just to first tack on to what Michael said and then answer some of your specific questions, but when we planned out our capital expenditures for this five years and we looked at the timing and amount on a year-by-year basis, we were thoughtful about the potential timing of this Rush Island closure and securitization filing. And so, within that, we had already timed some of our capital expenditures in a thoughtful manner to, as Michael said, ensure that as Rush Island comes out of rate base, that we don't have any kink, if you will, in the trajectory of our rate base growth and our earnings growth. So, some of that's already baked into our plan, Julien, I guess, first and foremost. Now you did ask about some of the transmission investment, and specifically about, the legislation coming through Illinois, the transmission efficiency and cooperation law, which was HB 3445 that you referenced. There, as we explained in our prepared remarks, the General Assembly passed that legislation in May of this year. And now it's really on the Governor's desk for his potential signature. So, it got to the Governor on -- in late June, June 22, and he has 60-days, which means the decision deadline for the Governor is August 21. And if you were to sign that, that would mean that the one Tranche 1 project in Illinois would come to us, and then any Tranche 2 projects that were approved in the first-half of '24, that's our expectation, but anytime in 2024 would also come to us as the incumbent transmission owner. Now, the Governor has expressed some concerns about that legislation. So, it's unsure what actions he will take. I'll tell you that supporters of the bill, including ourselves, continue to share the benefits of the legislation and hopefully address his concerns. If he signs the law, obviously, the bill obviously becomes law. And as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, if he takes no action, that bill becomes law as well. So, we'll see what action he ultimately takes. But we continue to believe that, that right of first refusal is really in the best interests of our customers and the residents of the State of Illinois. Then you just mentioned on overall what MISO is doing in terms of these projects. Again, as you know, MISO is evaluating what projects might come out of Tranche 2. I will say there that we continue to believe that the work that they're doing point to an overall portfolio that would be larger than what they approved in part of Tranche 1. And that's really because, as they've gone through this analysis, one of the things, obviously, that's come to fruition is the IRA legislation in D.C., which means that we expect more renewables than had previously been expected. And so, MISO is planning towards something that's between sort of a Future 2 and Future 3. And again, we expect that they'll continue to work through that. It's premature to say exactly how large that portfolio will be or exactly what transmission projects may fall into our service territories in Illinois or Missouri. But MISO continues to believe that they'll approve those projects in the first half of next year.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent, thank you for the thoughtful response, guys. Really appreciate it. Take care [Multiple Speakers]
Marty Lyons: Thanks, Julien.
Michael Moehn: Thanks, Julien.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson: Hey, good morning, guys.
Marty Lyons: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson: So, just to follow up on Julien's questions about the ROFR, I know that you guys are involved in -- I apologize, but what I was wondering is that the Supreme Court and this Fifth Circuit decision regarding the ROFR in Texas, do you think that could have any wider implications in the country if it's allowed to stand?
Marty Lyons: Julien -- or, sorry, Paul, I apologize. Paul, it's a -- yes, it's okay. I apologize, again. But look, it's -- some of the actions that have been taken in various states seem to be particular to the way that legislation was passed or -- and so, look, we're going to continue to pursue it. We think that if the Governor were to sign this into law, it would be applicable and applicable too, as we've said before, both to MISO Tranche 1 projects, as well as Tranche 2 projects that are approved in 2024. So, look, I guess, time will tell, but I think that as we sit here today, we think this would stand.
Paul Patterson: You think it would stand. So, I got you. So, in other words, if the Fifth Circuit, which is a Texas situation, you don't think would apply to Illinois because of the individual walls that were -- because of the differences -- if I understand you correctly, tell me if I'm wrong, because of the differences between the Texas law and what passed in Illinois assuming that it's signed. Is that right?
Marty Lyons: I do believe that.
Paul Patterson: Okay. That's great. Thanks so much.
Marty Lyons: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet, J.P. Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning.
Marty Lyons: Hey, good morning, Jeremy.
Michael Moehn: Hey, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Hey. Just wanted to dial into Illinois a little bit more if we could, and I know that you touched on your commentary. But just wondering if it's possible to provide any more color on updates in the Illinois electric rate case. And just maybe how the tone of conversations with regulators and stakeholders have been trending recently.
Marty Lyons: Yes. I think that maybe I'll start and perhaps Michael would want to tack on here as well. This is Marty. I think what you heard in our prepared remarks, again, is that we really feel like we're working constructively with stakeholders as we work through this process. Of course, this is the first multi-year grid and multi-year rate filing. And so, as to be expected, you're going have to work through some of the mechanics. But ultimately, I still believe that we're going to get to a constructive outcome, something that accomplishes the policy goals that [CEJA] (ph) had for the state. And you'll notice that when we started this -- down this path and direct testimony, the ICC staff's recommendation was about 56% of our overall ask. And through the rounds of testimony and additional support that we've been able to provide with the staff, we've been able to work constructively with them to were there suggested revenue increase now is about 70% of our request. So, we've made positive progress there. In our slides, we detailed that there's still a difference between our recommended -- or, requested cumulative increase in that recommended by the staff. And that difference is about $131 million over that four-year period. And we broke down some of the components for you. So, look, we're going to continue to work constructively with stakeholders. And like I said, I think we'll be able to get to a constructive outcome. And importantly, that accomplishes the policy goals of CEJA. So, I don't know if you have any more specific questions, or Michael, you want to add something?
Michael Moehn: Yes. Just a couple of comments, Marty, a good overview. And I -- look, I do think the team has collectively, between us and staff and others, continue to work very collaboratively, trying to really work through these issues. I think we all want the best answer, obviously, for customers, making sure that we're delivering on all of the policy objectives that Marty talked about, that CEJA is really wanting to achieve as well. And I think as Marty talked about, that difference today of about $131 million, about 62% of that is really tied up in ROE and cap structure. And so, there is this sort of fundamental difference on ROE today. They're still recommending the old formula that was approved under EMIA, which was basically 580 basis points plus the 30-year treasury versus we really think the law says, look, it's a cost of equity determined by the commission under -- their authority under the laws of the state that govern these rate reviews. But I mean, even putting that aside, I think the important thing to remember too, if you took a current mark on that ROE today at 580 basis points, I mean, it's something approaching 10. And I think the only other point I would make too, is I think -- and under kind of traditional cost of capital, under like a CAPN or DCF, the staff did also point out, I think they would have been at about 10.02 but then revert it back to this formula. So anyway, I gave you those details because I think it does kind of narrow a lot of the issues in terms of where the difference is, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. And maybe a follow-up to peel back a little bit more, if I can, if there is anything left that can be said here. Just specifically with regards to your rebuttal strategy on the notably lower-than-expected ROE, the $700 million capital discrepancy, $100 million medical OPEB overfunded balance. Just wondering if you could speak to any changes in receptivity overall given Ameren's rebuttal?
Michael Moehn: Yes, Hey Jeremy, this is Michael again. Yes, I mean, just again to be clear, I think that receptivity has shown in the fact that I think we've closed that gap. So you continue -- you referred to the $700 million gap. I'd say that gap is about $350 million today. So I mean, there's been some good work that's been done on both sides to agree that, look, here's some additional support and go ahead and accept those. That really ultimately -- Marty mentioned going from 56% to 70% of the ask, that was really a large part of it. The other items that you noted are still out there, the post-retirement issue that we'll continue to argue for, we do think that it should be included. Customers are benefiting from this. It's an overfunded plan. It's throwing off gains that are actually reducing rates for customers, et cetera. We're going to continue to make those arguments, and we'll see ultimately where it goes through the process over the next couple of months.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. One just quick last one, if I could. With the decrease in energy prices, as we've seen, has bid pressure kind of faded from the conversations with the public and policymakers? Or is it still front of mind in discussions?
Michael Moehn: No, look, I mean, I think the overall backdrop is much better today I mean, given what's happened with commodity prices both on the natural gas side. And so you've actually already seen some of those benefits start rolling through on the PGAs, et cetera. I think we've talked about that. And then certainly, some of these capacity auctions and the corresponding energy auctions are certainly providing relief to customers. That's always a good thing to see, right, in terms of just making sure that we're trying to get the lowest possible bill for customers. So I'd say it's less of a conversation today and it's a good tailwind as we think about the future.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That makes sense. That’s helpful. I’ll leave it there. Thanks.
Michael Moehn: Okay. Thanks, Jeremy.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sophie Karp with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Sophie Karp: Hi, good morning and thank you for taking my question. [Multiple Speakers] too in this Illinois situation little more? The -- and you provided a lot of color already, but I'm just curious if you think there's a legitimate legal argument as to why the old formula should be used in the new framework, why the staff is taken to that gold formula here.
Marty Lyons: Yes. Sophie, this is Marty. One of the things CEJA called for in the legislation was that the cost of equity be determined consistent with commission practice and law. And we believe that means the use of traditional methods like capital asset pricing model, discounted cash flow analysis, IEIMA which was the prior legislation, had some very explicit language that required the use of formulaic. So we've certainly argued that the intent of CEJA was for the commission to use its traditional methodology. And I would note there that the staff and their testimony as part of the multiyear rate plan, instead of that traditional CAPM and DCF kind of analysis was used that they would get an ROE of about 10.02 as a recommendation. And of course, in our gas rate case that's pending, the staff there recommending a 9.89. So at the end of the day, that's what we're hanging our head on is that we believe that CEJA called for the use of that kind of methodology.
Sophie Karp: Got it, got it. Thank you. And then -- maybe if I can ask a solar question. I'm just curious on your Missouri solar projects, particularly the ones that yourself building or participate in building them, how are you thinking about your procurement strategy with respect to potentially getting adders for domestic content and things like that. Does that influence your decision as to what equipment you're going to procure for these?
Marty Lyons: Yes. Sophie, it certainly does. So as you saw in our slides in terms of our build-out, we do plan to have projects that are build transfer agreements that are built by developers, projects that are developed to a certain point and then we procure them and finalize the construction ourselves and then some self-build. And certainly, we're taking a host of considerations into account when we look at where these projects are being built and what they're being built with. And so if we can take advantage of a site that provides us with incremental tax credit opportunities, we'll do that. If we can take advantage of procurement strategies that -- resources that allow us to maximize the value of credits, we're going to do that. So at the end of the day, our goal with this is to build a portfolio of projects that really provides a good diversity, low cost for our customers, reliability for our customers. And we'll look to maximize those tax credits to the extent possible to again deliver the lowest present value of revenue requirements for our customers.
Sophie Karp: Great. Thank you. And do you expect to self-consume those tax credits? Or would you be looking to monetize them to the third party?
Michael Moehn: Ultimately, I think it's a combination of both, Sophie. I mean, we're not sitting on a lot of credit today. But I mean, as we build into these, certainly again we'll be very thoughtful about. We've been very involved in these issues on transferability and get a clarification working through some of these rating agency issues, et cetera. But I absolutely think that it could be a combination of both as we move forward.
Sophie Karp: Thank you so much. That’s all from me.
Michael Moehn: You bet. Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, guys. I was worried it was going to end earlier. I wanted to squeeze in a couple here. Look, I wanted to come back to what was being discussed on Illinois real quickly. Do you have any thoughts about Illinois gas here? I know that's very preliminary, but it seems like there could be some conversations going into '24 on perhaps reform that might look akin to Colorado or something like that, But you -- or Minnesota at that. But you guys tell me, what are you guys hearing or seeing on any front there.
Marty Lyons: Yes, Julien, in terms of legislation for next year, I can't say that there's anything percolating right now that we're aware of or involved in. I think that right now, our focus obviously is on this Illinois multiyear rate plan on the electric side. And also getting a constructive resolution of our pending Illinois gas case. And so that's our focus right now. I know in the past, there was some discussion around QIP, but of course, that's expiring at the end of this year. And right now, we think we're positioned well as we utilize the forward rate cases in Illinois for our gas business. So really nothing to share with you on that front right now, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: All right. Fair enough. And obviously, you've got these new CCNs going on the Missouri side. Just any lessons learned from Boomtown, Huck, et cetera?
Marty Lyons: I don't think there are any specific lessons learned. We were certainly pleased to receive the commission's authorization to move forward with Huck and Boomtown and pleased with the orders received and the resolution of those. So I wouldn't say there's any specific lesson learned. We think all four of the projects that we have proposed are excellent projects for the benefit of our customers and move us along the path towards the investments that were laid out in our 2022 IRP. And we've got another IRP that we plan to file this September. And certainly, we think those projects are consistent with the path that we'll lay out as part of that IRP as well.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Awesome. Alright, guys. Super quick. Thank you.
Marty Lyons: Thank you, Julien.
Operator: It appears that there are no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to Marty Lyons for closing remarks.
Marty Lyons: Yes. Terrific. Well, thank you all for joining us today. We had a strong first half of 2023, and we remain absolutely focused on strong execution for the remainder of this year. So we look forward to seeing many of you at conferences in the coming months, and thanks again, have great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2023 Q1  (2023-05-05 11:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Ameren Corporation's First Quarter 2023 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Andrew Kirk, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Kirk. You may begin.
Andrew Kirk: Thank you, and good morning. On the call with me today are Marty Lyons, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Moehn, our Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; as well as other members of the Ameren management team. This call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. We have posted a presentation on the amereninvestors.com homepage that will be referenced by our speakers. As noted on Page 2 of the presentation, comments made during this conference call may contain statements about future expectations, plans, projections, financial performance and similar matters, which are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Please refer to the forward-looking statements section in the news release we issued yesterday as well as our SEC filings for more information about the various factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. Now here's Marty, who will start on Page 4.
Marty Lyons: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today as we discuss our first quarter 2023 earnings results. Our dedicated team continues to successfully execute on our strategic plan across all of our business segments allowing us to consistently deliver for our customers, shareholders and the environment while laying a strong foundation for the future. And as shown on Page 5, our strategic plan integrates our strong sustainability value proposition balancing the four pillars of environmental stewardship, social impact, governance and sustainable growth. These areas of focus incorporate our carbon reduction goals which are consistent with the objective of the Paris Agreement to limit global temperature rise to 1.5 degrees Celsius. Here we also highlight a few of the many items we are doing for our customers and communities including being an industry leader in diversity equity and inclusion. We are honored that earlier this week DiversityInc named Ameren to its Hall of Fame, the first utility and only 11th company to be added. DiversityInc also recognized Ameren as a top company among all industries for ESG supplier diversity, philanthropy and employee resource groups or ERGs. For more than two decades, our team has made an explicit commitment to fostering diversity equity and inclusion within our company and in the communities we serve. It is a value that we believe is foundational to our mission to power the quality of life. We look forward to sharing best practices with other companies as we all work together to create vibrant cultures and communities. Further, our strong corporate governance is led by a diverse Board of Directors focused on overseeing the execution of our strategic plan in a sustainable manner. Finally, this page summarizes our sustainable growth proposition which remains among the best in the industry. As mentioned on our call in February, we have a robust pipeline of over $48 billion of investment opportunities to continue to modernize the grid and enable the transition to a cleaner energy future. Today, we published our updated sustainability investor presentation called Leading The Way to a Sustainable Energy Future. It's available at amereninvestors.com which demonstrates how we have been effectively integrating our sustainability values and practices into our corporate strategy. I encourage you to take some time to read more about our strong sustainability value proposition. Turning now to Page 6. Yesterday, we announced first quarter 2023 earnings of $1 per share compared to earnings of $0.97 per share in the first quarter of 2022. The key drivers of our first quarter results are outlined on this slide. As a result of our strong execution in the first quarter, I'm pleased to report that we remain on track to deliver within our 2023 earnings guidance range of $4.25 per share to $4.45 per share. Moving to Page 7. On our call in February, I highlighted some of the key strategic business objectives for 2023. We have been laser-focused on achieving these objectives. On Page 8, we outlined several of our key accomplishments to date. As you can see on the right side of this page, we have invested significant capital in each of our business segments during the first three months of this year. These investments will continue to improve reliability, resiliency, safety and efficiency of service to our customers. During the quarter, Ameren Missouri installed over 74,000 smart meters, 84 smart switches and 19 underground cable miles and energized one upgraded substation. In Illinois, our customers are benefiting from almost 1,600 new or reinforced electric poles and 36 new smart switches on electric distribution circuits as we continue to focus on replacing mechanically coupled gas service pipes. Further, our transmission business is expected to complete 40 new or upgraded transmission substations and 120 miles of new or upgraded transmission lines in the first half of the year. I'd like to express my appreciation for the Ameren team's dedication and hard work to start the year. It is worth noting that all of these system improvements were accomplished despite several major and minor storm events including tornadoes, which our teams responded to safely and rapidly to restore service to impacted customers. I am pleased to say that 97% of customers that lost power as a result of these storms saw service restored within 24 hours. Thank you again for your dedication to our customers and communities. Moving on to regulatory matters. We are pleased with the constructive settlement of the Ameren Missouri Electric rate review in April. The stipulation and agreement calls for $140 million annual revenue increase and is subject to Missouri Public Service Commission approval. If approved, residential customer rates will have increased approximately 2% compounded annually since April 1, 2017 prior to Ameren Missouri opting into plant and service accounting. This constructive regulatory framework which is effective through at least 2028 continues to allow Ameren Missouri to make meaningful infrastructure investments providing significant benefits to customers. These investments have contributed to a 12% improvement in reliability for Ameren Missouri customers since 2017. We've achieved additional constructive regulatory outcomes this year in Missouri and Illinois related to our clean energy transition, which I'll touch on more in a moment. Moving on to operational matters. To ensure strong operational performance over the coming summer months, last week we initiated a planned maintenance outage on the generator at the Callaway Energy Center. We expect the energy center to be back online next week. Finally, we remain focused on keeping customer bills as low as possible through disciplined cost management, continuous improvement and optimizing our operating performance as we transform our business through investment to ensure we sustainably provide safe, reliable, resilient and cleaner energy for our customers. Moving to page 9. As we've discussed in the past, MISO completed a study outlining a potential road map of transmission projects through 2039. Detail project planning, design work and procurement for the $1.8 billion of Tranche 1 projects assigned to Ameren is underway. MISO's request for proposal on the remaining $700 million of competitive projects in Missouri and Illinois have begun to be issued and we are in the process of preparing our proposals. We expect to submit our first bid relating to the Orient - Denny - Fairport line later this month. The proposal and evaluation process for the three competitive projects is expected to take place over the course of 2023 and into mid-2024. Looking ahead to Tranche 2, MISO's analysis of potential projects is well underway and will continue for the remainder of the year and into early next year. MISO anticipates the Tranche 2 portfolios of projects will be approved in the first half of 2024. Moving now to page 10. In February and April, the Missouri PSC approved certificates of convenience and necessity or CCNs for two Ameren Missouri's solar projects, the Huck Finn Solar Project located in Missouri and the Boomtown Solar Project in Illinois. The Huck Finn project which will support compliance with the Missouri Renewable Energy Standard will be our largest solar project to date. Construction of this facility is expected to create approximately 250 jobs. And once in operation, it will produce enough energy to power approximately 40,000 homes. In addition in April, the Missouri PSC approved Ameren Missouri's Renewable Solutions Program, which will be supported by the 150-megawatt Boomtown project. This subscription-based program is available to midsized and large commercial and industrial customers and municipalities across Missouri. Participating organizations can enroll for up to 100% of their future energy needs to meet their own renewable goals. 10 organizations are the initial participants in this innovative program, which is fully subscribed. Further I'm excited to say Ameren Missouri has entered into an engineering, supply and construction agreement to construct the 50-megawatt Vandalia Solar Project located in Central Missouri. This project represents the first larger-scale renewable energy center that will be fully developed and built by Ameren Missouri. We expect to file for a CCN for this project with the Missouri PSC midyear. We expect to announce additional solar energy projects in the next few months. These renewable projects are consistent with Ameren Missouri's Integrated Resource Plan, which includes a thoughtful and measured approach to transition our generation portfolio. Turning to page 11. I will cover progress being made in both Illinois and Missouri to provide incentive supporting investment infrastructure that will enable advancement of electric vehicles or EVs across our service territory and in our region. We continue to see electric vehicle adoption advanced in our region and expect further growth as a result of our EV programs in both states in addition to increased state and federal funding. In March, the ICC approved Ameren Illinois' beneficial electrification program, which expands on its existing electric vehicle charging program and provides at least $27 million through 2025 for programs, incentives and rates encouraging EV adoption and infrastructure development with a focus on equity and low-income customers. Through this plan, we will also support the governor's goal of having one million electric vehicles on the road in Illinois by 2030. In Missouri, the PSC approved our Charge Ahead Program in 2020 and extended it in 2022. This $11 million program aims to eliminate barriers and incentivize electric vehicle adoption. This includes the addition of approximately 1,800 public workplaces and multi-dwelling charging ports by 2024. Along the Missouri highway corridors, 14 fast-charging stations are already in operation as part of this program. In addition, we are participating in and supporting the Edison Electric Institute's National Corridor Charging initiative. We believe strong adoption of electric vehicles will provide benefits for our customers including lower rates due to load growth and importantly advance the clean energy transition. Moving to page 12. Looking ahead over the next decade, we have a robust pipeline of investment opportunities of $48 billion that will deliver significant value to all of our stakeholders by making our energy grid stronger, smarter and cleaner. Of course, our investments also create thousands of jobs for our local economies. Maintaining constructive energy policies that support robust investment in energy infrastructure and a transition to a cleaner future in a responsible fashion will be critical to meeting our country's energy needs and delivering on our customers' expectations. Turning to page 13. In February, we updated our five-year growth plan, which included our expectation of a 6% to 8% compound annual earnings growth rate from 2023 through 2027. This earnings growth is primarily driven by strong compound annual rate base growth of 8.4% supported by strategic allocation of infrastructure investment to each of our operating segments based on their constructive regulatory frameworks. Combined, we expect to deliver strong, long-term earnings and dividend growth, resulting in an attractive total return that compares favorably with our regulated utility peers. I am confident in our ability to execute our investment plans and strategies across all four of our business segments as we have an experienced and dedicated team to get it done. Again thank you all for joining us today. I will now turn the call over to Michael.
Michael Moehn: Thanks Marty, and good morning, everyone. Turning now to page 15 of our presentation. Yesterday we reported first quarter 2023 earnings of $1 per share, compared to $0.97 per share for the year ago quarter. This page summarizes key drivers impacting earnings at each segment. As you can see under our constructive regulatory frameworks, we experienced earnings growth in Ameren Transmission, Illinois Electric Distribution and Illinois Natural Gas driven by increased infrastructure investment. While Ameren Missouri's earnings declined driven by the warmest combined January and February in 50 years, we were able to deliver strong earnings performance during the quarter as a result of our diverse business mix and disciplined cost management. Moving to page 16. Despite experiencing one of the warmest winters in 50 years, we're off to a strong start. We continue to expect 2023 earnings to be in the range of $4.25 to $4.45 per share. The $0.05 earnings per share impact due to mild first quarter temperatures, is expected to be offset through disciplined cost management. On this page, we've highlighted select considerations impacting our 2023 earnings guidance for the remainder of the year. These are supplemental to the key drivers and assumptions discussed in our earnings call in February. I encourage you to take these into consideration as you develop your expectations for quarterly earnings results for the remainder of the year. Turning now to page 17 for details on the Ameren Missouri electric rate review. In April, a non-unanimous stipulation agreement was reached in our Ameren Missouri electric rate review for $140 million annual revenue increase. The stipulation agreement was a black box settlement and did not specify certain details, including return on equity, capital structure or rate base. The agreement did provide for the continuation of key trackers and riders including the fuel adjustment clause. Pending Missouri PSC approval new Ameren Missouri electric service rates are expected to be effective by July 1. Moving to Page 18. In January, Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution filed its first multi-year rate plan or MYRP with the ICC. The MYRP includes a grid monetization plan that lays out our electric distribution investment and supports our annual revenue increase request for the next four years. Our request for $171 million rate increase in 2024 is based on an average rate base of $4.3 billion, a return on equity of 10.5% and an equity ratio of 54%. Our filing includes the phase-in provision and proposal for 50% of the requested 2024 rate increase to be collected from customers in 2026. We expect staff and intervening testimony next Thursday, May 11 and an ICC decision by December with rates effective January 2024. You can find additional key components of our MYRP following on this slide. Turning to Page 19 and other Illinois regulatory matters. In April, we filed our electric distribution annual rate reconciliation, requesting an additional $127 million to reconcile the 2022 revenue requirements to the actual cost. An ICC decision is required by December and the full amount would be collected from customers in 2024. In January, we filed our Ameren Illinois Natural Gas rate review requesting a $160 million increase, based on a 10.7% ROE, a 54% equity ratio and a $2.9 billion rate base. We expect staff and intervenor testimony today and an ICC decision by late November with rates effective in early December. On Page 20 we provide a financing update. We continue to feel very good about our financial position. On March 13, Ameren Missouri issued $500 million of 5.45% first mortgage bonds due 2053. Proceeds of the offering were used to fund capital expenditures and refinance short-term debt. Further, in order for us to maintain our credit ratings and a strong balance sheet while we fund our robust infrastructure plan, we expect to issue approximately $300 million of common equity, consisting of approximately 3.2 million shares by the end of this year. These shares were previously sold forward under our ATM equity program. Additionally, we have begun to enter into forward sales agreements in support of our 2024 equity needs, together with the issuance of our 401(k) and our DRPlus programs. Our ATM equity program is expected to support our equity needs in 2024 and beyond. Finally, turning to Page 21. We're well-positioned to continue executing our plan. We're off to a strong start and we expect to deliver strong earnings growth in 2023 as we continue to successfully execute our strategy. As we look to the longer term, we continue to expect strong earnings per share growth driven by robust rate base growth and disciplined cost management. Further, we believe this growth will compare favorably with the growth of our peers. Ameren shares continue to offer investors an attractive dividend. In total, we have an attractive total shareholder return story. That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Robin Shillock: Hi. This is Robin Shillock on for Jeremy. With one week left in the Missouri legislative session, any updates on the right of first refusal legislation that you've been supporting? And additionally, has this or any other recent Missouri legislative developments influenced your outlook for MISO or transmission opportunities in the state?
Marty Lyons: Yes. Look, you're right we've got just a little bit of time left, the legislative session. This is Marty Lyons by the way ends on May 12 at 6:00 p.m. And we have been supportive of right of first refusal legislation that's been moving along in the legislature. And so, you've probably been following House Bill 992 and Senate Bill 568 and we certainly support the legislative efforts there. Both bills have been heard in committees and we'll see whether there's any action on those bills as we approach the end of the session. So, we again, continue to believe that right of first refusal legislation is a positive. It certainly would allow transmission infrastructure to be built more rapidly in our state and at a cost competitive level. So, we're very supportive of that. We'll see whether it gets through. It's hard to predict any piece of legislation, whether it will go through, given the various priorities the legislature has. But in terms of the latter part of your question, whether that's influencing our thoughts on any of our path forward, I would say, no. As we look ahead, we continue to invest in a reliable clean energy transition, meaning, both reliable energy delivery infrastructure, renewable energy, as well as transmission. So, we'll continue to pursue those things. We do think things like right of first refusal are important to make sure that that infrastructure build-out can happen efficiently and effectively and maintain a good reliable system. But we'll keep forging forward, so thanks for your question.
Robin Shillock: Great. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Mr. Lyons, there are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments.
Marty Lyons: Okay. Well, thank you all for joining us today. As you heard in our prepared remarks, we've had a strong start to 2023 and we remain focused on continuing to deliver for the remainder of the year. So, we invite you to join our annual shareholder meeting which is coming up here on May 11 and we look forward to seeing many of you at the AGA Financial Forum in a couple of weeks. With that, thank you, and everybody have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q4  (2023-02-16 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Ameren Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2022 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host for today's call, Andrew Kirk, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Kirk. You may begin.
Andrew Kirk: Thank you, and good morning. On the call with me today are Marty Lyons, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Moehn, our Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; as well as other members of the Ameren management team. This call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast, and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. We have posted a presentation on the amereninvestors.com homepage that will be referenced by our speakers. As noted on Page 2 of the presentation, comments made during this conference call may contain statements about future expectations, plans, projections, financial performance and similar matters, which are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Please refer to the forward-looking statements section in the news release we issued yesterday as well as our SEC filings. For more information about various factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. Now here's Marty, who will start on Page 4.
Marty Lyons: Thanks, Andrew, and welcome back. We're thrilled that you're healthy again and here with us for this call and ready to fully engage with our investors and the analysts. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today as we reflect on our 2022 performance and look ahead to 2023 and beyond. I'd like to start by expressing appreciation for the Ameren team's dedication and hard work over the last year. In 2022, we continued to successfully execute our long-term strategy, as shown on Page 4, which is delivering strong results today while laying a strong foundation for the future. Shown on Page 5 are some exciting strategic achievements from the past year for Ameren, our customers, shareholders, the environment and the industry as a whole. Let me touch on a few key accomplishments. We made $3.4 billion of infrastructure investments in 2022 that resulted in a more reliable, resilient, secure and cleaner energy grid, as well as contributed to strong growth at all of our business segments. For example, as part of our Ameren Missouri Smart Energy Plan, over 400 smart switches were installed to reduce outages from hours to minutes and even seconds, and 34 substations were upgraded or built new to better serve communities. In addition, over 300,000 smart meters were installed for our Missouri customers, enabling better visibility into their energy usage. In Illinois, our customers are benefiting from the replacement of more than 3,000 electric poles, 64 miles of coupled steel distribution pipelines and 24 miles of gas transmission pipelines. Further, our transmission business placed in service 19 new or upgraded transmission substations and approximately 200 miles of new or upgraded transmission lines. These are just a few of the many projects completed in 2022. As a result of these and similar investments, I'm proud to say that Ameren's most recent system average interruption frequency reliability scores have ranked in the top quartile of our industry. We also had several achievements on the regulatory and legislative front. In February, new Ameren Missouri Electric Service rates took effect as a result of our 2021 rate review, which was constructively settled. In June, we filed a change to our integrated resource plan, accelerating our planned clean energy investments, carbon emission reduction goals and our plan to achieve net-zero by 2045 while thoughtfully considering customer affordability and energy grid reliability. In July, our pipeline of investments was significantly enhanced when the Mid-Continent Independent System Operator, or MISO, approved a portfolio of long-range transmission projects, including significant projects in our operating footprint. And in August, Senate Bill 745 was enacted in Missouri, extending the constructive smart energy plan legislation that became law in 2018 out through 2028, with possible extension to 2033. I’m pleased to say that a result – as a result of these developments, in 2022, we were able to increase our 10-year investment opportunity pipeline from $40 billion to $48 billion. Further, in our Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution business, in September, the Illinois Commerce Commission, or ICC, approved constructive performance metrics, which paved the way for our multiyear rate plan filing this January. And finally, at the federal level, passage of the inflation Reduction Act will support the clean energy transition, reducing the cost of related infrastructure investments for both our customers in both Missouri and Illinois. I would like to express appreciation for all the hard work of the entire Ameren team to advance these important achievements. At the same time, across Ameren, we are all working to keep customer bills as low as possible while investing to ensure we provide safe, reliable and cleaner energy for our customers. We remain laser-focused on disciplined cost management, practicing continuous improvement and optimizing our operating performance as we transform our business. In 2022, we continued our transition to a cleaner energy generation portfolio, and as planned in December, we retired our oldest and least-efficient coal-fired plant, the Meramec Energy Center. Thank you to all of our coworkers who have worked at Meramec providing reliable energy over the past several decades. We recognize that our customers depend on us every day to supply the energy that supports their daily lives, and as such, we have kept them at the center of our strategy. We are honored that in 2022 and for the third consecutive year, our residential customers have recognized Ameren with a top-quartile overall customer satisfaction ranking among large electric utility providers in the Midwest. In addition, Ameren Missouri ranked number one in business customer satisfaction. And finally, for our shareholders. Yesterday, we announced 2022 earnings of $4.14 per share compared to earnings of $3.84 per share in 2021. This result was at the high end of our earnings per share guidance range. The strong execution of our strategy in 2022 reflects strategic alignment across all of our business segments. We are staying focused on optimizing our operations and safely completing billions of dollars of value-adding projects to deliver significant value to our customers, communities, shareholders and the environment. Turning now to Page 6. Here, you can see we have delivered consistent superior value to our shareholders for nearly a decade. Since 2013, our weather-normalized core earnings per share have risen 92% at an approximate 7.5% compound annual growth rate, while our annual dividends paid per share have increased approximately 48% over the same time period. This drove a strong total return of nearly 226% for our shareholders from 2013 to 2022, which was significantly above our utility peer average. While I am very pleased with our track record of strong and consistent performance, rest assured that we are not letting up. Our team will remain focused on enhancing performance in 2023 and in the years ahead so that we can continue to deliver superior value to our customers, communities and shareholders. Turning to Page 7. This page summarizes our strong sustainability value proposition and focus on environmental, social, governance and sustainable growth goals and reflects the way we integrate our sustainability values into our normal course of business. Beginning with environmental stewardship. Last June, we announced an acceleration of our transformational generation resource plan, now aiming to achieve net-zero Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions by 2045 and across all of our operations in Missouri and Illinois, which is consistent with the objectives of the Paris Agreement and limiting global temperature rise to 1.5 degrees Celsius. This plan also advances our interim greenhouse gas emission reduction targets to 60% and 85% below 2005 levels by 2030 and 2040, respectively. As mentioned, in 2022, we were assigned certain projects as part of the Tranche 1 project portfolio to prospectively build and operate significant transmission investments in MISO territory. These as well as other transmission investments will provide our region access to a diverse mix of energy resources and are an important step forward to support a smooth clean energy transition. We also have a strong long-term commitment to our customers and communities to be socially responsible and economically impactful. One example is our effort to drive inclusive economic growth at Ameren and in our communities. In 2022, we spent approximately $1.1 billion with diverse suppliers, including minority, women and veteran-owned businesses, a 22% increase over 2021. Because of actions like this, in May, we were honored to be recognized again by Diversity Inc. as number one on the nation's top utilities list for diversity, equity and inclusion. This is the 14th consecutive year we have been named to this distinguished list. I am also very pleased to say that Ameren was named a top company for ESG for the third consecutive year. In addition, we continue to support many nonprofit organizations in the communities we serve, including programs focused on DE&I, to which, we have made a $10 million contribution commitment by 2025. Moving to governance. Our strong corporate governance is led by a diverse Board of Directors focused on strong oversight of our sustainability efforts. In 2022, we named our first combined Chief Sustainability, Diversity and Philanthropy Officer to further optimize our initiatives. And our executive compensation practices include performance metrics that are tied to diversity, equity, inclusion and progress toward a clean energy future for all. Finally, this slide summarizes our very strong sustainable growth proposition, which we believe remains among the best in the industry. Today, we published our updated sustainability investor presentation called Leading the Way to a Sustainable Energy Future, which is available at amereninvestors.com. It demonstrates how we have been effectively integrating our sustainability values and practices into our corporate strategy. I encourage you to take some time to read more about our strong sustainability value proposition. Moving to Page 8, we turn our focus to the current year. We expect 2023 to be another busy year, and we are excited about a number of strategic objectives. Notably, we will maintain our focus on significant infrastructure investment for the benefit of our customers. We expect to invest approximately $3.5 billion in electric, natural gas and transmission infrastructure to bolster safety, security, reliability, resiliency and further the clean energy transition in a responsible fashion. And as the nation's clean energy transition continues, we plan to help develop the needed transmission investment by submitting bids for the MISO Tranche 1 competitive long-range transmission projects as well as support analysis of potential Tranche 2 projects. We have an active regulatory calendar this year. We look to constructively conclude our Ameren Missouri electric rate review Ameren Illinois Electric multiyear rate plan and Ameren Illinois natural gas rate review. We will also work to successfully advocate for certificates of convenience and necessity for future renewable generation at Ameren Missouri. And our next Ameren Missouri integrated resource plan will be filed in September, which will include a comprehensive update of assumptions, including changes driven by the inflation Reduction Act enacted last year. Finally, we are focused on maintaining disciplined cost management with the expectation of holding operations and maintenance expenses flat in 2023 relative to 2022. Moving now to Page 9. I Yesterday afternoon, we announced that we expect our 2023 earnings to be in a range of $4.25 to $4.45 per share. Based on the midpoint of the range, this represents 7% earnings per share growth compared to the midpoint of our original 2022 guidance range of $4.05 per share. Michael will provide you with more details on our 2023 guidance a bit later. Building on the strong execution of our strategy and our robust earnings growth over the past several years, we expect to deliver 6% to 8% compound annual earnings per share growth from 2023 through 2027 using the midpoint of our 2023 guidance, $4.35 per share, as the base. Our dividend is another important element of our strong total shareholder return proposition. Last week, Ameren's Board of Directors approved a quarterly dividend increase of approximately 7%, resulting in an annualized dividend rate of $2.52 per share. This represents our third consecutive year of approximately 7% dividend growth, and the increase reflects confidence by Ameren's Board of Directors in our business outlook and management's ability to execute our strategy. Looking ahead, we expect Ameren's future dividend growth to be in line with our long-term earnings per share growth expectations and within a payout ratio range of 55% to 70%. We expect our weather-normalized dividend payout ratio in 2023 to be approximately 58%. I have full confidence in our team as we look ahead. Turning to Page 10. The strong long-term earnings growth I just discussed is primarily the result of rate base growth driven by investment in energy infrastructure under constructive regulatory frameworks. Today, we are rolling forward our five-year investment plan. And as you can see, we expect to grow our rate base at an approximate 8% compound annual rate for the 2022 through 2027 period. Our robust capital plan of approximately $19.7 billion over the next 5 years will deliver significant value to our customers and the communities we serve. Our plan includes strategically allocating capital to all four of our business segments, and importantly, includes investment in a signed MISO long-range transmission planning projects of approximately $800 million and renewable energy projects of approximately $2.5 billion through 2027. Finally, we remain focused on disciplined cost management to keep customer bills as low as possible and improved earned returns in all of our businesses. Moving to Page 11. As we look to the future, our 5-year plan is not only focused on delivering strong results through 2027, but is also designed to position Ameren for success over the next decade and beyond. The right side of this page shows that our allocation of capital is expected to grow our electric and natural gas energy delivery investments to be 81% of our rate base by the end of 2027. Incorporating renewable investment opportunities from our latest IRP, we expect our rate base from renewable generation to grow to 11%, and for coal-fired generation to decline to just 3% of rate base by the end of 2027. In light of the Rush Island and Sue Energy Centers approaching retirement by 2025 and 2030, respectively, only approximately 3.5% of the capital expenditures in our 5-year plan are expected to be spent on coal-related projects, focusing on investments needed for safety, reliability and environmental compliance. The bottom line is that we are taking steps today across the board to position Ameren to provide safe, reliable, affordable and cleaner energy for the long term. Turning now to Page 12. Looking ahead over the next decade, we have a robust pipeline of investment opportunities of $48 billion that will deliver significant value to all of our stakeholders by making our energy grid stronger, smarter and cleaner. Of course, our investment opportunities will also create thousands of jobs for our local economies. Maintaining constructive energy policies that support robust investment in energy infrastructure and a transition to a cleaner future in a responsible fashion will be critical to meeting our country’s energy needs in the future and delivering on our customers’ expectations. Moving now to Page 13. Our investment plans released today incorporate our intentions to invest in significant renewable resources as we execute the clean energy transition laid out in our Ameren Missouri Integrated Resource Plan. Our IRP lays out the most prudent approach to systematically invest in renewable energy generation to complement existing and planned dispatchable resources, building a diverse, reliable, resilient and affordable system for our customers. We continue to work in earnest with developers to acquire renewable generation projects and expect to announce further agreements over the course of this year. We are pleased to say that last week, the Missouri PSC approved our Certificate of Convenience and Necessity for the 200-megawatt Huck Finn solar project. Construction of this facility is expected to create approximately 250 jobs, and once in operation, produce enough energy to power approximately 40,000 homes. We expect the Missouri PSC decision on a remaining pending Certificate of Convenience and Necessity for the 150-megawatt Boomtown solar project by April, though the commission is under no deadline to issue a decision. We look forward to continuing to engage with stakeholders regarding our future generation needs and clean energy transition. Moving to Slide 14. As we’ve discussed in the past, MISO completed a study outlining a potential road map of transmission projects through 2039. In July, MISO approved the first set of projects, which includes $1.8 billion assigned to Ameren. Detailed design work and project planning for the assigned Tranche 1 projects are underway. MISO requests for proposal on the remaining competitive projects have begun to be issued, and we expect the proposal and evaluation process to take place over the course of 2023 and 2024. Looking ahead to Tranche 2, analysis of potential projects is underway and will continue for the remainder of the year. MISO anticipates the Tranche 2 portfolio of projects will be approved in the first half of 2024. Moving to Page 15. As noted earlier, we remain relentlessly focused on continuous improvement and disciplined cost management. Ongoing initiatives include the automation and optimization of numerous processes leveraging the benefits from significant past and future investments in digital technologies and grid modernization. Additionally, in 2022, we extended most of our collective bargaining unit labor agreements out through mid to late 2026 for nearly all Ameren union represented employees, which will provide predictability in our labor costs in the coming years. In 2023, we expect our operations and maintenance expenses to be flat with 2022, and we are targeting flat operations and maintenance expenses through 2027. Moving to Page 16. To sum up our value proposition, we remain firmly convinced that the execution of our strategy in 2023 and beyond will continue to deliver superior value to our customers, shareholders and the environment. We believe our expectation of 6% to 8% compound annual earnings growth from 2023 through 2027 driven by strong rate base growth compares very favorably with our regulated utility peers. I am confident in our ability to execute our strategy and investment plans across all four of our business segments as we have an experienced and dedicated team with a track record of execution that has positioned us well for future success. Further, our shares continue to offer investors an attractive dividend and the strong earnings growth expectations we outlined today position us well for future dividend growth. Simply put, we believe this results in a very attractive total return opportunity for shareholders. Again, thank you all for joining us today, and I will now turn the call over to Michael.
Michael Moehn: Thanks, Marty, and good morning, everyone. Turning now to Page 18 of our presentation. Yesterday, we reported 2022 earnings of $4.14 per share compared to earnings of $3.84 per share in 2021, an increase of approximately 8%. This page summarizes key drivers impacting earnings at each segment. I would note in the fourth quarter, we benefited from colder than normal weather as well as an improved market conditions related to the cash surrender value of our company-owned life insurance investments, which contributed to 2022 earnings results at the top end of the earnings per share guidance range that we outlined on our third quarter call. We’ve also included on this page the year-over-year weather-normalized sales trends for Ameren Missouri. Weather-normalized kilowatt hour sales to Illinois residential and industrial customers were down approximately 1.5% and 1% year-over-year, respectively. And weather-normalized kilowatt hour sales to Illinois commercial customers increased by approximately 0.5%. Recall that changes in electric sales in Illinois, no matter the cause, do not affect our earnings since we have full revenue decoupling. Moving to Page 19 of the presentation. Here, we provide an overview of our $19.7 billion of planned capital expenditures for the 2023 through 2027 period by business segment that supports the approximately 8% projected compound annual rate base growth. We’ve incorporated an incremental $2.4 billion compared to the $17.3 billion five-year plan for 2022 through 2026 that we laid out last February. The plan includes investments related to assigned MISO long-range transmission projects as well as renewable energy generation investments aligned with our 2022 Missouri Integrated Resource Plan. As you can see on the right side of this page, we are allocating capital consistent with the allowed return on equity under each regulatory framework. Turning to Page 20. We outlined here the expected funding sources for the infrastructure investments noted on the prior page. We expect continued growth in cash from operations as investments were reflected in customer rates. We also expect to generate significant tax deferrals. The tax deferrals are driven primarily by the timing differences between financial statement depreciation reflected in customer rates and accelerated depreciation for tax purposes. From a financing perspective, we expect to continue to issue long-term debt to fund a portion of our cash requirements. We also plan to continue to use newly issued shares from our dividend reinvestment and employee benefit plans over the five-year guidance period. We expect this to provide equity funding of approximately $100 million annually. In order for us to maintain a strong balance sheet while we fund our robust infrastructure plan, we expect incremental equity issuances of approximately $300 million in 2023 and $500 million each year from 2024 through 2027. The $300 million of equity needs outlined for 2023 have been fulfilled through forward sales agreements under our at-the-market equity distribution program which we expect to settle by the end of this year. All of these actions are expected to enable us to support a consolidated capitalization target of approximately 45% equity. And lastly, the bottom of Page 20 shows our pension and OPEB obligations were well funded at the end of 2022. Constructive regulatory mechanisms are in place for a recovery of associated costs, including a tracker at Ameren Missouri and formulaic rates in the Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution and Ameren Transmission. Moving to Page 21 of our presentation. I would now like to discuss key drivers impacting our 2023 earnings guidance. We expect 2023 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $4.25 per share to $4.45 per share. On this page and next, we have listed key earnings drivers and assumptions behind our 2023 earnings guidance broken down by segment as compared to the 2022 results. I would note, consistent with past practice, our 2023 earnings guidance does not include any expectation of COLI gains or losses. Beginning with Ameren Missouri. Earnings are expected to rise in 2023. New electric service rates effective July 1, 2023, are expected to increase earnings. The earnings comparison is also expected to be favorably impacted by higher investments in infrastructure that are eligible for PISA primarily during the first half of 2023 before rates are reset. We expect a return to normal weather in 2023 will decrease Ameren Missouri earnings by approximately $0.14 compared to 2022 results. Further, we expect higher interest expense largely driven by higher long-term debt outstanding. And we expect to recognize earnings related to energy efficiency performance incentives from a single plan year in 2023. Moving on, earnings from our FERC-regulated electric transmission activities are expected to benefit from additional investments in Ameren Illinois and ATXI projects made under forward-looking formula ratemaking. Turning to Page 22. For Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution, earnings are expected to benefit in 2023 compared to 2022 from additional infrastructure investments made under Illinois performance-based ratemaking. We also expect higher earnings in Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution from a higher allowed return on equity due to the expected higher 30-year treasury rates. Our guidance incorporates an ROE of 9.55% using a forecasted 3.75% 2023 average yield for the 30-year treasury bond, which is higher than the allowed ROE of 8.9% in 2022. The allowed ROE is applied to year-end rate base. For Ameren Illinois Natural Gas, earnings will benefit from infrastructure investments qualifying for rider treatment which are expected to be partially offset by higher depreciation expense. Moving now to Ameren-wide drivers and assumptions. We expect increased common shares outstanding to unfavorably impact earnings per share by $0.08. And we expect higher interest expense in the Ameren Parent. Of course, in 2023, we will seek to manage all of our businesses to earn as close to our allowed returns as possible while being mindful of operating and other business needs. I’d also like to take a moment to discuss our retail electric sales outlook. We expect weather-normalized Missouri kilowatt-hour sales to be in the range of flat to up approximately 0.5% compounded annually over a five-year plan, excluding the effects of MIA energy efficiency plans using 2022 as the base year. We exclude MIA effects because the plan provides rate recovery to ensure that earnings are not affected by reduced electric sales resulting from our energy efficiency efforts. Turning to Illinois. We expect our weather-normalized kilowatt-hour sales, including energy efficiency, to be relatively flat over our five-year plan. Turning to Page 23, of Missouri regulatory matters. In August, we filed for a $316 million electric revenue increase with the Missouri Public Service Commission. The request includes a 10.2% return on equity, a 51.9% equity ratio and a December 31, 2022, estimated rate base of $11.6 billion. In January, the Missouri Public Service Commission staff and other interviewers filed rebuttal testimony. Missouri PSC staff recommended a $199 million revenue increase including a return on equity range of 9.34% to 9.84% and an equity ratio of 51.84% based on the Ameren Missouri capital structure at September 30, 2022. The equity ratio will be updated to use the capital structure as of December 31, 2022. The difference between our request and the Missouri PSC staff’s recommendation is primarily driven by return on equity and treatment of the High Prairie and Rush Island energy centers. Both of our request and staff’s recommendation will be trued up through December 31, 2022. As always, we will seek to work through these and other differences with interveners as we work through the proceedings. Evidentiary hearings are scheduled to begin in April, and the decision from the Missouri PSC is expected by June 2023 with rates effective by July 1, 2023. Turning to Page 24 for details on Illinois Electric matters. In January, Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution filed its first multiyear rate plan, or MYRP, with the ICC. The MYRP includes a great plan that lays out our electric distribution investment plans for Illinois and supports our annual revenue increase request for the next four years. Our request for $175 million revenue increase in 2024 is based on an average rate base of $4.3 billion, a return on equity of 10.5% and an equity ratio of just under 54%. You can find additional key components of our MYRP on this slide. The base return on equity will be adjusted up or down annually based on seven performance metrics focused heavily on reliability and peak load reduction. Importantly, our capital expenditure plans for the coming years are expected to drive improvements in many of the areas of focus for these performance metrics. An annual revenue requirement true-up will take place each year with 105% cap on actual costs compared to the revenue requirement approved in the MYRP. However, many variable items, such as changes in purchase power costs, interest rates, changes in taxes and large storm restoration costs, are excluded from this cap. We expect the ICC decision on the MYRP by December 2023 with new rates effective in January 2024. Additionally, as part of the Illinois Energy Transition legislation, in June, Ameren Illinois filed a transportation beneficial electrification plan. The plan proposes to spend $27 million to provide incentives, rates and programs to encourage electric vehicle utilization and infrastructure development across Ameren Illinois service territory through 2025. This is being done in support of the Governor’s goal of 1 million electric vehicles on the road by 2030. We expect an ICC order on the transportation electrification filing by the end of March 2023. Moving to Page 25. We recently concluded our formula rate review of Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution. In December, the ICC approved a $61 million rate increase as part of its annual performance-based rate update. New rates became effective in January. Major investments included in this request were the installation of outage avoidance and detection technology, integration of storm-hardening equipment and the implementation of new technology to improve communication with our customers. Since implementing the performance-based ratemaking in 2012, reliability has increased by approximately 20%, and the equivalent of over 1,700 jobs have been created. We look forward to the new performance-based rate making under the MYRP, which will also allow us the opportunity to improve our returns in exchange for meaningful improvements for the benefit of our customers. Finally, in January, Ameren Illinois Natural Gas requested a $160 million revenue increase from the ICC based on a 10.7% return on equity and an approximately 54% equity ratio and a $2.9 billion rate base using our future 2024 test year. This requested increase includes approximately $77 million that would otherwise be recovered in 2024 under QIP and other riders. An ICC decision is required by late November 2023, with rates expected to be effective in early December 2023. You can see we have an active regulatory calendar ahead of us. We’ve developed strong relationships with our stakeholders and have a long track record of constructive results that show our investments are truly making a difference in the lives of our customers. On Page 26, we provide an update regarding the Inflation Reduction Act. As we sit here today, we do not expect the corporate minimum tax, or CMT, to apply in 2023 or 2024. We continue to model the CMT, and it’s possible it could impact 2025 and beyond. We await additional guidance from Treasury, which we expect to provide further clarity. Again, these potential incremental annual cash tax payments are not expected to be material. These estimates are of course subject to the amount and timing of capital expenditures being placed in service or retired, timing of rate reviews and additional guidance that may be issued by the IRS or Department of Treasury, among other items. Finally, moving to Page 27. I’ll emphasize again that we have a strong team and are well positioned to continue executing our plan. We delivered strong earnings growth in 2022, and we expect to deliver strong earnings growth in 2023 as we continue to successfully execute our strategy. And as we look ahead, we expect 6% to 8% compound earnings per share growth from 2023 to 2027, driven by robust rate base growth and disciplined cost management. We believe this growth will compare favorably with the growth of our peers. Further, Ameren shares continued to offer investors an attractive dividend. In total, we have an attractive total shareholder return story that compares very favorably to our peers. That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Nicholas Campanella with Credit Suisse. Please proceed with your question.
Nicholas Campanella: Hey, everyone. Thanks for all the info today and Andrew, welcome back. Really happy to hear your voice.
Andrew Kirk: Thanks, Nick. Appreciate it.
Nicholas Campanella: Absolutely. Yes. So I guess just on the Missouri rate case, you did have some differences here in rate base for staff, but just wanted to get a sense of your overall appetite to settle this case if that’s still a possibility – just thinking back to how prior cases have gone. Thank you.
Marty Lyons: Yes, Nick, this is Marty Lyons. Good morning. Thanks for the question. Yes. Look, as we go into each case, we certainly are hopeful of being able to reach a constructive settlement. And as we talked about many times, we have a good history of working with stakeholders in Missouri and reaching constructive settlements. We outlined where we are in the case today in our prepared materials, you saw in the slide deck, and we outlined some of the issues that divide us today, mainly in some of the traditional areas like ROE, but also on a couple of issues like High Prairie and Rush Island energy centers, where there’s some differences between us and the staff in particular. Importantly, all of us will be updating our cases based on year-end rate base as well as other true-up items that go through December 31. So you mentioned some of the differences in rate base. Really, those are just timing differences between the staff’s rate base, which was as of June 30 and the company’s filed position, which projected through December 31. But all of those things are going to be trued up here in the coming days up through December 31. So importantly, some dates that we highlighted, a final reconciliation of the parties’ positions will be due March 30, and that comes after server bottle testimony, which is on March 13. And then evidentiary hearings of those are needed would start on April 3. So traditionally, the best time to be able to reach a constructive settlement given where this rate case is, this rate review would be end of March, early April in terms of when you might be able to really reach a constructive settlement with the parties.
Nicholas Campanella: That’s helpful. Appreciate that. And then just on the equity financing, recognizing that you did raise CapEx in this new five-year plan. You do have some sizable needs here in the out years and I know you recently last quarter also said that you were increasing the ATM to $1 billion for 2024 and beyond. But can you just help us understand, with the equity in the plan, just your preferred source of funding that or sourcing it, rather.
Michael Moehn: Yes. Yes, you bet, Nick. Good morning. This is Michael, A couple of things, then I’ll get specifically on that question. I mean, again, I think as we’ve talked over time, I mean, we do believe our balance sheet really provides us a position of strength here. We’ve worked hard to continue to conservatively manage it. I think we like our ratings where they are, Baa1, BBB+. We obviously have more margin at S&P than we do at Moody’s. We talked about that from time to time. We continue to target this capitalization ratio of close to 45%, which I think, again, it served us well in these various regulatory proceedings and making sure we’re maintaining these balance sheets appropriately at the subsidiaries. In terms of what we need here, you’re right. I mean, the $2.4 billion of incremental capital, I think what we continue to message along the year, as we thought about any increases in capital associated with these opportunities around LRTP or the renewables that we should continue to think about our balance sheet in a similar fashion. And I think that’s what we’re doing here, we’re laying out this incremental really $800 million of equity. There’s some obviously retained earnings in there as well, kind of gets you back to that same sort of capitalization ratio. The ATM has served us well up to this point. I mean, we’ve taken care of all of our needs for 2023, Nick. We’ve sold forward in 2023. So we’re really finished with that $300 million. We started to sell forward into 2024. You’re right that we did increase the capacity of the ATM. We’ll have to continue to evaluate that over time as we would run into any limits there. But again, it’s a really efficient way for us to issue capital. We think it’s a manageable amount if you look at it relative to our total market capitalization. So we feel comfortable with it. And again, I think that it provides us quite a bit of strength there as we just think about the overall funding that we need over the course of the next five years.
Nicholas Campanella: Appreciate the color. I’ll get back in the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi. Good morning.
Marty Lyons: Good morning, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: I just wanted to start off with, I guess, a rate base CAGR, the 8% as you laid out there in the $2.5 billion figure. Just wondering, what are the IRP assumptions in your CapEx plan update that – underpin the $2.5 billion there. And what does this imply for company ownership of resources versus PPA? And how do you view the overall line of sight here? And when do you expect to kind of get final commission decisions on all resources?
Marty Lyons: Yes. Good morning, Jeremy, this is Marty. There’s a few questions, I think, embedded in that question. So I’ll start and perhaps Michael would want to add on. First of all, the capital expenditures that we’ve put into the plan in Missouri for the IRP really tie to the plan that we laid out in the IRP. So if you go back and you look at that overall time line, we plan to add 800 megawatts through 2025 and then another 2,000 megawatts of renewables between 2026 and 2030. And if you just do some simple math there, it’s about 400 megawatts per year. So you end up with about 1,600 megawatts overall over a five-year period. And again, we’ve put in about $2.5 billion as an estimate for that. So that’s how it lines up. We were pleased to have the commission, Missouri Public Service Commission approved the Huck Finn project, which was a 200-megawatt solar project we’d proposed, they approved that one recently at CCN. And of course, we’ve got the Boomtown project, which is a 150-megawatt solar project before them now and awaiting the decision. And we continue to work with developers on additional renewable projects to really fill out that plan that we have under the IRP, which we think is absolutely the most prudent way to move forward to provide our customers the reliable, affordable and cleaner energy that they’re seeking. Now back to the overall CapEx plan. What you’ll notice is we’ve got a $19.7 billion overall capital expenditure plan for 2023 to 2027. That compares to the one we had previously, which was 2022 to 2026, we had $17.3 billion. So we’ve added about $2.4 billion overall as we move from our prior plan to this one. And in Missouri in particular, I’d point out that we previously had $8.9 billion of planned expenditures moving now to $10.4 million, which is about a $1.5 billion overall addition. So we’ve embedded the expectation of those renewable projects getting done in the overall $10.4 million. But I would say we’ve taken a measured approach to upping our overall capital expenditure plan, which gives us great confidence in our ability to achieve it. Again, we’ve already had one renewable project approved. We’ve got a strong pipeline of capital expenditure opportunity over the next 10 years, as we’ve talked about, $48 billion and have a lot of confidence in our ability to execute, not only the $10.4 billion plan for Missouri, but the overall $19.7 billion plan we’ve laid out today.
Michael Moehn: Yes. The only thing, Jeremy, I might add to that, Marty just gave a really comprehensive answer, is just specifically with the pipeline to renewables itself. And look, the team continues to do a lot of really hard work here. There’s some active RFPs they continue to have open. They continue to have a lot of conversations with developers about these projects. I think you had something embedded there about how do we think about maybe PPAs versus ownership. Again, we believe that ownership is in the best interest of our customers for the long term, and that’s really where our focus has been. It’s certainly evidenced by what we did with the wind projects. Certainly, we’re closing with the two renewable solar projects that Marty spoke about. So I’d say an active pipeline, and I think, obviously, the supply chain issues have been well publicized. I think we continue to work through those and feel good about the projects we have out there, and it’s going to continue to be a lot of focus and  effort over the coming years.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful there. And then moving, I guess, to MISO here, what are your current thoughts on potential MISO long-range transmission planning, given MISO seems to be modeling more aggressive assumptions in light of IRA. So wondering your thoughts on the outlook there.
Michael Moehn: Yes. I would say with respect to Tranche 2, we're certainly actively engaged with other stakeholders with MISO and modeling out the benefits of potential projects that would come out of tranche our overall expectation as we sit here today is that the overall portfolio of projects that MISO would approve as part of tranche to will be larger than the overall size of the projects that were approved as part of Tranche 1. But I think it'd be premature to comment on specifically which projects might land in our service territory or be assigned specifically to us. But rest assured, we'll be working with other stakeholders to model the transmission projects that we think would be best for customers and the reliability of the system overall and to obviously effectuate the clean energy transition. And we do expect that, as we said in our prepared remarks, MISO, to make some final determination early next year.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's very helpful. And then just kind of tying this together, you've raised CapEx. You've raised rate base growth a little bit here. I'm just wondering what you think this could mean for EPS. You don't have the 30-year, I guess, bringing fluctuations in the way that it was in the past. So as you currently look at your EPS CAGR outlook, do you see any bias within the range towards the higher parts, given this step up in CapEx and rate base here, rate base growth?
Marty Lyons: Yes, Jeremy, I mean, I think as you know, I mean, our past practice really has not been to sort of speculate where we'll be within that range. I think I'll point to where we have achieved results, obviously. Historically, we've been to 7.5% CAGR since about 2013. So I'll let that sort of speak to itself. Obviously, we did raise the rate base growth from 7% to 8%. And I mean again, as you think about that range, over time, it drives about a $0.45 range, that 6% to 8% over that kind of five-year period. And obviously, there are some drivers, as you pointed out, in terms of just outcomes in the multiyear rate plan, earned versus allowed ROEs, financing assumptions, et cetera. But again, let sort of the past speak for itself at the moment.
Michael Moehn: Yes. And Jeremy, I'd just reiterate what I said. We feel very confident in our ability to be able to execute that $19.7 billion CapEx plan, which gives us confidence in our ability to execute that 8% rate base growth plan. And that underscores our confidence in the 6% to 8% EPS CAGR that we've outlined today.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful. I'll leave it there. And Andrew, really great to hear you on the call.
Andrew Kirk: Thanks, Jeremy. Appreciate it. Glad to hear you, too.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning, team. Thanks for the time, appreciate the comments thus far. Maybe to follow up on Nick's question earlier, just with respect to Illinois and prospects for settling here. Any further elaborations around the new compact there? Just as you step into this, I just want to understand. Does this need to be sort of fully litigated and fully fleshed out to establish more of a record, given the context of some shift in the compact here? And again, that's a question specifically directed at both the electric and the gas.
Marty Lyons: Yes. Julien, this is Marty. Yes, I think your intuition is probably right there, especially as it relates to the multiyear rate plan. I think it's hard to speculate. I mean, if ever we have the opportunity to really enter into a constructive settlement with stakeholders, we're certainly going to be interested in having that dialogue with stakeholders. I think it's just very early in this multiyear rate plan filing. Obviously, we haven't seen any staff or intervenor direct testimony. We won't see that until May. And really premature to know whether it's something that could be constructively settled or not. I will note that in Illinois, there hasn't been that history of overall global settlements that we've had in Missouri. But we'll certainly be looking after we get testimony to work with stakeholders to resolve differences, narrow the issues. And if we can, settle and that would hold true for the gas case as well.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. It holds through as and you probably want to work through a fully litigated case here.
Marty Lyons: No. I guess what I was saying there is we're always going to be wanting to work with stakeholders. Once we see the differences to narrow those differences, certainly correct any errors and really to narrow the issues. And if we can reach a global settlement and put that before the commission, we'll seek to do that. I was just saying with respect to the electric distribution part of the business, given the newness of this framework and the fact that we haven't seen any testimony really premature to say whether that's something that has a high degree of probability.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes. All right. And actually, as it pertains to QIP here, just – I know that there's a new framework on the electric side, and that's largely established at this point pending implementation. But QIP and its subsequent forms or iterations remains a little bit outstanding. Can you elaborate what your thoughts are, and perhaps going back whether legislatively or otherwise at this point, to get something new? Again, I'll leave it open ended on what that might look like. I know we've talked about this in the past at times, but is there a window today to revisit that conversation perhaps in the slate you did before?
Michael Moehn: Julian, this is Marty again. Look, we haven't given up some sort of replacement for QIP and really because the QIP was in our die really great rider for our customers, really allowed us to make some investments that bolster the safety and reliability of the gas system. I'd say our focus right now is really though on the gas case that you and I just discussed. And really looking to get a constructive resolution of that case. As you know, the overall gas regulatory environment, even without QIP is solid with forward test years, revenue decoupling, bad debt riders, et cetera. So we believe that going forward, without the QIP, we'd need to be thoughtful about the timing of rate reviews, but they do use forward test years, which I think is very important to think about. And we'll be thoughtful about the timing of capital expenditures to replace aging equipment, et cetera. So we do think the regulatory environment without QIP is something we can manage around, we can still invest, we can earn good returns. But we will look for windows of opportunity to look for something to replace the QIP. I'll leave the door open like you did in terms of what form that may take. But right now, our focus is on that gas case.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes. Excellent. And then sorry, quick clarification from earlier. Boomtown, just is there anything different about this? Say, relative to Huck Finn or something like that, that might stand out in terms of that approval process? Obviously, the timing here being a little different in terms of the duration for the CCF.
Marty Lyons: Yes. I think one of the differences, Julian, is the Huck Finn project was proposed to be compliance with the renewable energy standard that we have in Missouri, and it was approved as such. The Boomtown project is really being proposed twofold. One, for customers, especially large industrial commercial customers that are looking for renewable energy as part of a consumer program for them, and as well as part of our transition under the IRP. But it's not being proposed for specific compliance with the renewable energy standard. And so that's a distinguishing fact between the two.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Andrew, I echo the sentiment.
Andrew Kirk: Thanks, Julien. Appreciate it.
Operator: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the call back to Marty Lyons for closing comments.
Marty Lyons: Well, thank you all for joining us today. As you heard, we had a very strong 2022, and we really remain focused on delivering again in 2023 and beyond, for our customers, for our communities and for our shareholders. So with that, be safe, and we look forward to seeing many of you over the coming months.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q3  (2022-11-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Ameren Corporation's Third Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Megan McPhail, Manager of Investor for Ameren Corporation. Thank you. Mrs. McPhail, you may begin.
Megan McPhail: Thank you, and good morning. On the call with me today are Marty Lyons, our President, Chief Executive Officer; Michael Moehn, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; as well as other members of the Ameren management team. Marty and Michael will discuss our earnings results and guidance, as well as provide a business update. Then we will open the call for questions. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on the amereninvestors.com homepage that will be referenced by our speakers. As noted on page two of the presentation, comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward -looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, strategies, targets, estimates, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the forward-looking statements section on our news release we issued yesterday and the forward-looking statements and risk factors section in our filings with SEC. Lastly, all per share earnings amounts discussed during today’s presentation including earnings guidance are presented on a diluted basis unless otherwise noted. Now here's Marty, who will start on page 4.
Marty Lyons: Thanks, Megan. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us. I'm pleased to report that we continue to execute on our strategic plan across each of our business segments, delivering significant value to our customers and shareholders while remaining focused on safety. At the start of the year, we laid out some key initiatives we were focused on. As I sit here today, I can confidently say that we have been able to deliver on these through strong execution of our plan. Starting with Ameren Missouri in February, our new Ameren Missouri Electric service rates took effect as a result of our recent rate review, which was constructively settled at the end of last year. In June, we filed a change to our Integrated Resource Plan, accelerating our planned clean energy investments, carbon emission reduction goals and our plan to achieve net zero by 2045. The Midcontinent Independent System Operator or MISO approved a portfolio of long-range transmission projects, including significant projects in our operating footprint. And in August, Senate Bill 745 was enacted in Missouri, extending the constructive Smart Energy Plan legislation that became law in 2018 out through 2028, with possible extension to 2033. I am pleased to say as a result of these developments in 2022, we were able to increase our 10-year investment opportunity pipeline from $40 billion to $48 billion. Further in our Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution business, in September, the Illinois Commerce Commission or ICC, approved constructive performance metrics, which keep us on track to file a multi-year rate plan next January. And finally at the federal level passage of the Inflation Reduction Act will support the clean energy transition, reducing the cost of related infrastructure investments for our customers in both Missouri and Illinois. I would like to express appreciation for all the hard work of the entire Ameren team to advance these important achievements. Additionally, I'd like to recognize our team's strong commitment to the communities we serve. This year we named our first Chief Sustainability Diversity and Philanthropy Officer to further optimize Our ESG impact. In October, she convened more than 1,000 Ameren team members and community leaders in person and virtually for a diversity and inclusion summit, featuring many nationally recognized leaders and speakers. Because of actions like this, in May, Ameren was recognized for the third time as DiversityInc’s top rated utility, and made the overall top utilities list for the 14th consecutive year. Another example of our team's commitment to our communities is our recently concluded 2022 companywide United Way Campaign, which raised approximately $1.7 million, funds which will go a long way towards supporting approximately 50 United Way organizations in our service territory. This is an addition to the nearly $2.6 million United Way contribution made by Ameren. Again, thank you for all you do. Moving now to quarterly results. Yesterday, we announced third quarter 2022 earnings of $1.74 per share, compared to earnings of $1.65 per share in the third quarter of 2021. The year-over-year improvement reflected increased infrastructure investments across all of our business segments that will drive significant long-term benefits for our customers. This page highlights the key drivers of our strong performance. Due to strong execution of our strategy, we have narrowed our 2022 earnings guidance to a range of $4 to $4.15 per share. This compares to our initial guidance range of $3.95 per share to $4.15 per share. Michael will discuss our third quarter earnings, 2022 earnings guidance and other related items in more detail. Moving to page 5, you will find our strategic plan reiterated. We continue to invest in and operate our utilities in a manner consistent with existing regulatory frameworks, enhance regulatory frameworks and advocate for responsible energy and economic policies and create and capitalize on opportunities for investment for the benefit of our customers, shareholders and the environment. Turning now to page 6, which highlights our commitment to the first pillar of our strategy investing in and operating our utilities in a manner consistent with existing regulatory frameworks. Our strong long-term earnings growth guidance is primarily driven by our infrastructure investment and rate base growth plans, which are supported by constructive regulatory frameworks. As you can see on the right side of this page, consistent with our plans for 2022, we are strategically investing significant capital in each of our business segments in order to maintain safe and reliable operations as we transition to a cleaner energy grid. These investments are the key drivers of our ongoing Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois rate reviews. Our energy grid is smarter, stronger, more resilient, safer and more secure. Because of the investments we've been able to make in all four of our business segments. At Ameren Missouri, as a result of significant investments we have been making under the Smart Energy Plan. We estimate over 6.5 million minutes of customer outages have been avoided in 2022. As always, while we invest to build a smarter, stronger, safer and cleaner energy grid for our customers, we continue to work diligently to manage our costs, leverage our investments and optimize our performance. Moving now to page7, and the second pillar of our strategy, enhancing regulatory frameworks and advocating for responsible energy and economic policies. As I mentioned, the Inflation Reduction Act or IRA was enacted in August, which among other things is designed to help reduce the costs of the clean energy transition. We are very pleased with results as it provides tax credits for wind, solar and nuclear energy centers, energy storage, carbon capture utilization and storage and hydrogen developments. The incentives in the IRA align well with our Missouri integrated resource plan and our Ameren wide goal of reaching net zero carbon emissions by 2045. Overall, the IRA will enhance affordability of the clean energy transition for our customers in Missouri and Illinois. Michael will discuss the expected impacts of the IRA in more detail in a moment. Before moving on, I would also like to briefly touch on the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act or IIJA that was enacted earlier this year. We are actively collaborating with stakeholders in Missouri and Illinois toward accessing benefits of the federal funding provided through this act for our customers. In July when announced our collaboration with local businesses and community groups, academic institutions and various companies to form the Greater St. Louis and Illinois Regional Clean Hydrogen Hub Industrial Cluster. This group is collaborating on infrastructure development and innovative technology deployment needed to drive decarbonization goals and collectively achieve greenhouse gas emission reductions for the region by 2035. The IIJA established an $8 billion competitive program, with the intent to fund six to eight regional hydrogen hubs across the country, and provides for an additional $8.5 billion program for development of carbon capture and storage technologies. By next spring, our regional hydrogen cluster expects to apply for funding through the program to take part in advancing this potential renewable energy source for our region. Turning to page 8. At the state level, our customers are benefiting as a result of Ameren Missouri Smart Energy Plan, a multiyear effort to strengthen and modernize the energy grid. As I just mentioned, Missouri Senate Bill 745, passed earlier this year and became effective in August, enhancing and extending the sunset date on the current Smart Energy Plan legislation through December 31, 2028 with an extension through December 31, 2033 if the utility requests and PSC approves. We believe extending Missouri Smart Energy Plan will continue to benefit our customers and communities as we transform the energy grid of today to build a brighter energy future for generations to come, while creating significant economic development and jobs in the state. Moving now to page 9 and an update on the Illinois Energy Legislation enacted in 2021. By January 20 of 2023, we plan to file a multiyear rate plan with the ICC for electric delivery service rates effective at the beginning of 2024. In late September, the ICC approved seven performance metrics, which will result in up to 24 symmetrical basis points of potential adjustments to the allowed return on equity under the multiyear rate plan. These performance metrics have been designed to incentivize improvement in areas such as reliability, supplier diversity, affordability, and customer service, as we continue to make significant investments in the state of Illinois for the benefit of our customers and communities. Turning to page 10, and the third pillar of our strategy, creating and capitalizing on opportunities for investment for the benefit of our customers, shareholders and the environment. Here we provide an update on the MISO long range transmission planning process. As we have discussed with you in the past, MISO completed a study outlining a potential roadmap of transmission investments through 2039 taking into consideration the rapidly evolving generation mix that includes significant additions of renewable generation based on announced utility integrated resource plans, state mandates and goals for clean energy or carbon emission reductions, among other things. In July, MISO approved Tranche 1, a set of projects located in MISO north, which had estimates to cost approximately $10 billion. Approximately $1.8 billion of these projects are in our service territory and have been assigned to Ameren. Preliminary design work and project planning are already underway. Construction is expected to begin in 2025, with completion dates expected near the end of this decade. In addition to the assigned projects, MISO approved approximately $700 million of competitive projects that cross through our Missouri service territory, which provide additional potential investment opportunities. Request for proposals for the two competitive projects in our service territory are expected to be released in December 2022 and March 2023. Once released, we expect a proposal and evaluation process to take approximately 12 months. We are well positioned to compete for and successfully execute these projects, given their location and our expertise constructing, operating and maintaining large regional transmission projects. MISO continues its work on future tranches, and it's indicated that an initial set of Tranche 2 projects also located in MISO north, is expected to be approved in the second half of 2023. Projects include in Tranche 3 are expected to be located in MISO south, with approval scheduled by the end of 2024. While projects identified in Tranche 4, are expected to improve transfer capability between MISO north and MISO south, and will be studied upon approval of Tranche 3. Turning to page 11. Looking ahead over the next decade, we have a robust pipeline of investment opportunities that will deliver significant value to all of our stakeholders by making our energy grid smarter, stronger and cleaner. As a result of the Long-Range transmission projects just discussed, as well as the additional renewables and combined cycle generation included in the change to the IRP filed in June, we increased our pipeline of investment opportunities to $48 billion over the next decade. We expect to update and roll forward our five-year capital plan on our year-end call-in February. And as always, we will evaluate all of our opportunities across all business segments to ensure we maximize value for our customers and shareholders. When determining the timing of our projects, we remain mindful of portfolio diversification in both technology and geography, workforce and supply chain capacity and the impacts to grid reliability, while aggressively managing costs. Maintaining constructive energy policies that support robust investment in energy infrastructure, and a transition to a cleaner future in a responsible fashion will be critical to meeting our country's energy needs in the future, and delivering on our customers’ expectations. Moving now to page 12, we are focused on delivering a sustainable energy future for our customers, communities and our country. This page summarizes our strong sustainability value proposition and focus on environmental, social governance and sustainable growth goals. The change to the Ameren Missouri IRP filed in June supports a 60% reduction in carbon emissions by 2030 and an 85% reduction by 2040 compared to 2005 levels. And our goal of net zero carbon emissions by 2045 is consistent with the objectives of the Paris Agreement and limiting global temperature rise to 1.5 degrees Celsius. Importantly, our energy policy advocacy and investment plans align with these goals. In terms of governance in October, the CPA-Zicklin Index once again named Ameren, one of the top three companies in the utility industry for corporate political disclosures and accountability. We also remain focused on supporting our communities, including utilizing our very robust supplier diversity program to help ensure we execute on an equitable clean energy transition. And we remain committed to helping our customers keep their bills as low as possible, through robust energy efficiency programs, and energy assistance for those in need. Lastly, our strong, sustainable growth proposition remains among the best in the industry. We have a robust pipeline of future investments that will continue to modernize the grid and enable the transition to a cleaner energy future. I encourage you to take some time to read more about our strong sustainability value proposition, you can find our ESG related reports at amereninvestors.com. Turning to page 13. To sum up our value proposition, we remain firmly convinced that the execution of our strategy in 2022 and beyond will deliver superior value to our customers, shareholders and the environment. In February, we issued our current five-year growth plan, which included our expectation of a 6% to 8% compound annual growth rate earnings growth rate from 2022 through 2026. This earnings growth is primarily driven by strong rate base growth supported by strategic allocation of infrastructure investment to each of our operating segments based on their constructive regulatory frameworks. We expect average future dividend growth to be in line with our long-term earnings per share growth expectations and a payout ratio range of 55% to 70%. In February 2022, Ameren’s Board of Directors last increased the quarterly dividend by $0.04 or $0.59, to $0.59 per share or approximately 7%. We plan to deliver strong, long-term earnings and dividend growth which results in an attractive total return that compares favorably with our regulated utility peers. I'm confident in our ability to execute our investment plan and strategy across all four of our business segments as we have an experienced and dedicated team to get it done. Again, thank you all for joining us today. And I will now turn the call over to Michael.
Michael Moehn : Thanks, Marty. And good morning, everyone. Yesterday we reported third quarter 2022 earnings of $1.74 per share, compared to $1.65 per share for the year ago quarter. Page 15 summarizes key drivers impacting earnings at each segment, I'd like to take a moment to highlight a few key variances for the quarter. Earnings in Ameren Missouri, our largest segment benefited from higher electric service rates, which became effective on February 28, 2022. The increase and reserve were partially offset by higher O&M driven in part by unfavorable market returns in 2022 on company owned life insurance investments. Earnings at our remaining three business segments were higher primarily driven by increased investments in infrastructure, in addition to a higher allowed return equated to Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution. Before moving on, I'll touch on year-to-date sales transfer for Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution. Weather normalized kilowatt hours sales to Missouri residential customers were comparable versus the prior year, and sales to commercial customers increased about 1%. Weather normalized kilowatt hour sales to Missouri industrial customers decreased about 1%. Weather normalized kilowatt hour sales to Illinois residential customers decreased about 1%, and sales to commercial and industrial customers increased about 0.005% and 1% respectively. Recall that changes in electric sales in Illinois no matter the cause, do not affect earnings since we have full revenue decoupling. Turning to page 16. I would now like to briefly touch on our 2022 earnings guidance. We have delivered strong earnings in the first nine months of 2022 and are well positioned to finish the year strong. As Marty stated, we have narrowed our 2022 diluted earnings guidance to be in the range of $4 to $4.15 per share. This is a comparison to our original guidance range of $3.95 to $4.15 per share. Select earnings considerations for the balance of the year are listed on this page and are supplemental to the key drivers and assumptions discussed in our earnings call in February. As we reflect on our full year results, the benefits we have seen from weather year-to-date, and from higher than expected 30-year Treasury rates are mostly offset by company owned life insurance investments performance, as well as higher than expected short term and long-term borrowing rates. Turning now to page 17 for an update on regulatory matters, starting with Ameren Missouri, in August, we filed for a $360 million electric revenue increase with the Missouri Public Service Commission. The request which was driven by the by increased infrastructure investments under the Smart Energy Plan includes a 10.2% return on equity, a 51.9% equity ratio, ending December 31, 2022 estimated rate base of $11.6 billion. In October, we supplement our filing to request a tracker for the benefits and costs resulting from the Inflation Reduction Act. Missouri PSC staff and other intervenors are expected to file direct testimony in January 2023 with hearing scheduled for early April 2023. We expect to have a Missouri PSC decision by June 2023 and new rates to be affected by July 1, 2023. We look forward to our continue to work with all key stakeholders on this request. Moving to page 18 to Illinois Regulatory Matters. Earlier this year, we made our required annual electric distribution rate update filing. Under Illinois performance base rate making these annual rate update systematically adjust cash flows over time for changes in cost of service and trued up any prior period over or under recovery of such cost. In August, the ICC staff updated a recommendation to reflect a $61 million base rate increase compared to our updated request of an $84 million base rate increase. The $23 million variance is primarily driven by a difference in the capital structure common equity ratio, as we have proposed 54% compared to the ICC staff recommended 50%. For perspective, the order received from the ICC last December included a common equity ratio of 51%. And ICC decision is expected in December with new rates to be effective in January 2023. Finally, we expect to file a new rate review with the ICC for our Ameren Illinois Natural Gas business in early 2023 using a forward test year ending December 31, 2024. Turning now to page 19. As Marty mentioned, we're pleased with the Inflation Reduction Act, which enhances affordability of the clean energy transition for our customers in both Missouri and Illinois. We currently estimate based on the clean energy investments outlined in the preferred plan included in the change to Ameren Missouri's IRP that the production tax credits provided for in the legislation will yield more than $1 billion in net benefits by 2030, saving our Ameren Missouri customers an average of more than 4% per year over that period of time as compared to what they would have paid. We expect our Illinois customers to receive the benefits from the legislation over time to reduce power purchase cost. Further, as we sit here today, we do not expect the corporate minimum tax of 15% on adjusted financial statement income to apply in 2023. Incremental annual cash payments due to the corporate minimum tax beyond 2023 are not expected to be material. And finally, we're assessing our ability to utilize the 10% production or investment tax per data for presiding projects at existing energy communities, including retired coal fired energy centers. Moving to page 20, we provide a financing update, we continue to feel very good about our financial position. We were able to successfully execute on several debt issuances earlier this year, which are outlined on this page. In order to maintain a strong balance sheet while we fund our robust infrastructure plan, consistent with the guidance in February, we expect to issue approximately $300 million in common equity in both 2022 and 2023. We're very pleased to say that through our, at the market equity program, we have now fulfilled these equity needs executed through the forward sales agreements with an average initial forward sales price of approximately $90. And we expect to issue approximately 3.4 million and 3.2 million common shares upon settlement by yearend 2022 and 2023, respectively. Having substantially utilized the $750 million of capacity under our existing ATM program, we expect to increase the existing program by approximately $1 billion to address equity needs in 2024 and beyond. Moving to page 21. In light of the recent rising interest rate environment, we have provided our long-term debt maturities remaining through 2026. We have just $47 million of long-term debt maturing later this in Ameren Missouri and $100 million with long term debt in Ameren Illinois, maturing in 2023. All of our long-term debt is at fixed rates and variable rate debt is limited to commercial paper borrowings. It's also important to note that a portion of the interest cost is also capitalized in the normal course is related debt supports construction work in progress. I'd also like to know we receive recovery of any changes in interest expense in our Illinois, Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution and Ameren Transmission businesses through the reconciliation process. Further, we have some favorable exposure at the Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution return on equity as it's tied to the 30-year Treasury rate through 2023. Changes in long term and short-term debt costs today in Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois Natural Gas will be incorporated into rate reviews for recovery over time, which includes a trued-up to the cost of capital as of December 31, 2022, and the current Ameren Missouri Electric rate review. We're mindful the changes in interest rates and remain focused on managing costs for our customers. Turning to page 22, I'd like to briefly touch on our natural gas business as we head into the winter months. We recognize the inflationary environment customers are facing we're working to keep bills as low as possible and write energy savings programs for our customers. We're actively working with customers in both Missouri and Illinois to help them gain access to funds available through low income, Home Energy Assistance Grants and other energy assistance funds in addition to our energy efficiency programs. Details on these customers assistance programs and the energy efficiency programs can be found on our website@amerenn.com. Both Ameren Illinois and Ameren Illinois and Ameren Missouri Natural Gas combined prices are approximately 85% hedge based on normal seasonal sales and 100% of the Ameren Illinois Natural Gas is volumetrically hedge based on maximum seasonal sales. From a customer bill perspective, residential natural gas customers in Illinois and Missouri are expected to see bill increases of approximately 4% and 14% respectively, compared to the 2021, 2022 winter season. Turning to page 23, we plan to provide 2023 earnings guidance when we release fourth quarter results in February next year. Using our 2022 guidance as a reference point we have listed on this page select items to consider as you think about our earnings outlook for next year. Beginning with Missouri, earnings are expected to be higher in 2023 when compared to 2022 due to new electric service rates effective in late February 2022. And the new electric service rates expected to be affected by July 2023 as a result of the pending rate review. We also expect increased investments in infrastructure eligible for plan and service accounting to positively impact earnings. Further, we expect energy efficiency performance incentives to be approximately $0.03 per share lower in 2023 compared to 2022. A return to normal weather in 2023 would decrease Ameren Missouri earnings by approximately $0.11 compared to 2022 results to date assuming normal weather in the last quarter of the year. Next earnings from our FERC related electric transmission activities are expected to benefit from additional investments in Ameren Illinois projects made under forward looking formula ratemaking. For Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution, earnings are expected to benefit in 2023 compared to 2022 from additional infrastructure investments made of Illinois performance base rate making. The allowed ROE under the formula would be the average 2023, 30-year Treasury yield plus 5.8% Ameren Illinois Natural Gas earnings are expected benefit from an increase in infrastructure investments qualifying for rider treatment that will earn the current allowed ROE of 9.67%. And finally, have a note consistent with past practices our 2023 earnings guidance will include no expectation of COLI gains or losses. Turning to page 24 to summarize, we continue to expect to deliver strong earnings growth in 2022 as if we successfully execute our strategy. As we look to the longer term, we continue to expect strong earnings per share growth driven by robust rate base growth and discipline cost management. Further, we believe this growth will compare favorably with the growth of our regulated utility peers. The bottom line is that we are well positioned to continue executing our plan and Ameren shares continue to offer investors an attractive dividend. In total, we have an attractive total shareholder returns through the comparison very favorably to our peers. That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Julien Smith with Bank of America.
Darius Lozny: Hey, guys, good morning. This is Darius on for Julian, thank you for taking the question. Wanted to start off at Illinois gas. Acknowledging that you guys have a filing -- a plan filing later in ‘23. Just curious with the pending sunset of that QIP rider, how you're thinking about potential forward looking cadence of filings or potentially, is there any appetite that you perceive for some kind of legislative solution, maybe akin to the multi-year rate plans that are now available on the electric side of things? Just curious how you're thinking about that at a high level?
Michael Moehn: Yes, perfect. Good morning, this is my Michael. Yes, I'll start and Marty can certainly supplement it. Look, we haven't really said exactly what our future cadence will be, you're correct as a QIP, is set to sunset at the end of ‘23. And so, we're indicating that we're going to file a case here, and it'll be effective under this QIP for the balance of 2023. I mean I think the thing to keep in mind is you step back, and you look at the Illinois gas regulations. I mean, it's still very constructive, even absent the QIP and all, I'll come back to that. But I mean, there is forward test year, rates are decoupled, bad debt tracker, et cetera. I mean, there's some real positives with respect to what goes on there. But as the team gets to look at the opportunities there. I mean, we may have to have a different cadence if it were ultimately expired. But there could be an appetite to extend something at some point. We just really haven't engaged in those conversations at the moment. But we feel like absent even getting an extended, there are certainly ways to continue to manage that business very constructively going forward. Anything to add, Marty?
Marty Lyons: Michael, that was well said. I would just say that as we look ahead to our gas business, we certainly see the opportunity and, frankly, need for continued investment in our infrastructure to ensure that safe and reliable for our customers. I think that the QIP that we've had over time, that infrastructure mechanism has really provided some good benefits for customers as we think about what it's enabled in terms of a timely investment in the system. So as Michael said, we'll certainly utilize the forward test year capabilities that we have under Illinois law today and continue to consider along with other stakeholders, whether a replacement for QIP is something that we can introduce in the future or not, we'll see. Thank you.
Darius Lozny: Great. Thank you for that. Appreciate the color. One more, if I can, and this is on the 2023 earnings considerations. I realize it's not a formal guidance or fully exhausted. But I noticed O&M is not included as one of the drivers. Are you planning to -- or are you managing to flat year-over-year? And maybe that's why it's not included on that list because it won't move the needle one way or the other on as an EPS driver? Or just how are you thinking about that cadence.
Michael Moehn: Yes. I appreciate the question there, too. Historically, we really haven't given O&M guidance, especially as you think about some of these ongoing rate reviews, which makes it a little bit complicated at the end of the day. I would tell you that we continue to stay very focused on O&M itself. And if you look at kind of our year-to-date results, and I think Missouri is a good example. And you back out obviously some of the noise with COLI and some of the refined coal that got caught up in the rate review. We really have managed that to about 1.5%, 1.7% sort of increase. So I think the team has done a great job from a core perspective. We have made comments before that we continue to aspire to being flat over the time horizon we look out over the five-year plan. If you look at historically where we've been, I think we've shared a couple of these slides in the past, I think maybe the '16 through '21 period was the last time we were actually down over that period of time. So I always look to make it really a nondriver at the end of the day. I think we can give you a little more color as we get to February. But again, it is just a little more complicated because of some of the ongoing rate reviews as well. So hopefully, that helps.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: Hey, how are you guys doing? Good morning. So back to that slide 23, I was also -- and I apologize if I missed it, it just lots of earnings today. Just on the impact of interest rates. I mean, I was just wondering if you could -- you did mention different maturities and everything going on. But I was just wondering if you have a rule of thumb of how we should maybe be thinking about things you've done to -- just what the impact of higher interest rates might be, I guess, is something to think about? Just if you could give us any flavor on that.
Michael Moehn: Yes, I appreciate the question. I mean we really did try to provide some of that detail on '21 to give you a sense of sort of what's happening from a redemption standpoint. Obviously, we're going to have some just normal financings in the normal course. We didn't provide anything in there just because of what's going on with respect to rates. What I tried to also do, Paul, as you look at the recovery of interest rates in terms of how we think about it, transmission business. Obviously, formula rates got a little bit of a positive -- obviously, a positive hedge on the 30-year treasury offsetting in addition to you have a formula on the interest rate within the electric distribution business. And then Missouri itself, we're obviously in the middle of a rate review. So you'll be updating some of the capital structure and the cost of capital as we go through that rate review through the end of this year. So I tried to give that perspective just to give you a sense for what the impact would be in 2023.
Paul Patterson: Yes, No, I appreciate the slide 21. I noticed, I guess, I was just wondering if you had a sheet on and Mike of course, there is short term you have and what have you. I was just wondering I guess we've got some sophisticated math you want us to do, which is fine. Okay. That's basically my only question. Thanks so much and have a great weekend.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Paz with Wolfe Research.
David Paz: Hey, good morning. On the February call, as you plan to update -- are you planning to update your EPS growth target through 2027? And if so, will you roll in the expectations of the incremental Missouri renewables investments and the initial spending on the MISO projects?
Marty Lyons: Yes, David, this is Marty. Yes, in our February call, we will plan to update you on our thoughts in terms of EPS CAGR from 2023 to 2027 at that point in time. We'll also, at that time, expect to update our capital expenditure plan which right now really runs through '26, we'll take that out through 2027. And we'll also update you on our expectations in terms of our rate base CAGR out through 2027. So those are all things that we plan to do on the February call. In terms of the overall investment pipeline, as we've discussed this morning, this year as a result of the Missouri Integrated Resource Plan, as a result of the MISO approving Tranche 1 projects, we bumped our overall 10-year pipeline from $40 billion to $48 billion. And as we mentioned in some of the specifics, some of those capital expenditures, we would expect to start to fall in the latter half of that five-year update. So those are things that we'll consider how best to fold-in to both our five-year CapEx guidance as well as that rate base CAGR.
David Paz: Got it. And do you think those -- would you make an assumption on the competitive projects for MISO spending? Or would that be just mostly on the assigned projects?
Marty Lyons: Yes. David, I think at this point, haven't made a firm determination as to whether what will fold-in or not. I would say with respect to some of those competitive projects, while it's a little bit of a different thing than we faced in the past, I would say, traditionally, we've been a bit conservative about rolling those things in until we have better line of sight to those being projects that we would be able to firmly execute. So I would expect with respect to those projects, we take a bit of a conservative posture.
David Paz: Makes sense. And then just on equity, remind me your equity needs for 2024 to 2026 that we said when you last updated them. And along with that, just your targeted consolidated equity ratio?
Michael Moehn: Yes. David, this is Michael. Yes, so when we roll forward our plan in February ‘22, so we had $300 million basically of external equity through the balance of that plan, plus $100 million of DRIP as indicated, very pleased with where we are today. I mean we've gotten the '22 and '23 offer there. So you should continue to assume that $300 million ‘24 through the balance, we continue to target a capitalization ratio close to 45% over that five-year plan. So we'll stay focused on that. And then as Marty just talked about, as we roll forward into February and roll forward the new capital plan, obviously, we'll step back and address any financing needs as part of what happens with that capital plan itself, but you should continue to think about that $300 million at the moment.
Operator: Mr. Lyons, there are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments.
Marty Lyons: Okay. Well, thank you all for joining us today. As you heard on the call, we've had a strong 2022 year-to-date. We remain focused on continuing to deliver strong value through the end of this year for our customers, communities and our shareholders. So Again, thanks for joining us. We look forward to seeing many of you, I think, at the EEI conference, which is just a couple of weeks away. Thanks all and be safe.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q2  (2022-08-05 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Ameren Corporation's Second Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to your host, Megan McPhail, Manager of Investor. Thank you. You may begin.
Megan McPhail: Thank you, and good morning. On the call with me today are Marty Lyons, our President, Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Moehn, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; as well as other members of the Ameren management team joining us remotely. Marty and Michael will discuss our earnings results and guidance, as well as provide a business update. Then we will open the call for questions. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on the amereninvestors.com homepage that will be referenced by our speakers. As noted on page two of the presentation, comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward –looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, strategies, targets, estimates, objectives, events, conditions in financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the forward-looking statements section on our news release we issued yesterday and the forward-looking statements and risk factors section in our filings with SEC. Lastly, all per share earnings amounts discussed during today’s presentation including earnings guidance are presented on a diluted basis unless otherwise noted. Now here is Marty who will start on page 4.
Marty Lyons: Thanks, Megan. Good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining us. We had a solid quarter and we're excited to share an update today on a number of recent developments. As always, our team continues to work hard to execute our strategic plan across all of our business segments, allowing us to deliver significant value to our customers and shareholders. Yesterday, we announced second quarter 2022 earnings of $0.80 per share, compared to earnings of $0.80 per share in the second quarter of 2021. The year-over-year results reflected increased infrastructure investments across all our business segments that will drive significant long-term benefits for our customers. The key drivers of our second quarter results are outlined on this slide. I am pleased to report that we remain on track to deliver solid earnings growth in 2022 and are reaffirming our 2022 earnings guidance range of $3.95 per share to $4.15 per share. Michael will discuss our second quarter earnings, 2022 earnings guidance and other related items in more detail later. Moving to slide 5, you will find our strategic plan reiterated. We continue to invest in and operate our utilities in a manner consistent with existing regulatory frameworks, enhance regulatory frameworks and advocate for responsible energy and economic policies and create and capitalize on opportunities for investment for the benefit of our customers, shareholders and the environment. Turning now to page 6, which highlights our commitment to the first pillar of our strategy, investing in and operating our utilities in a manner consistent with existing regulatory frameworks. Our strong long-term earnings growth guidance is primarily driven by our infrastructure investment and rate base growth plans, which are supported by constructive regulatory frameworks. You can see on the right side of this page, we continue to strategically invest significant capital in each of our business segments in order to maintain safe and reliable operations as we transition to a cleaner energy grid. Regarding regulatory matters earlier this week, Ameren Missouri filed an electric rate review with the Missouri Public Service Commission requesting a $316 million annual revenue increase. This request reflects significant modernization upgrades to the electric grid for system reliability, resiliency and safety, as well as investments to support the transition to cleaner energy for the benefit of our customers and local communities. In our Illinois Electric business, we recently requested an $84 million revenue increase in our required annual electric distribution rate filing. Again, key drivers for this rate increase includes significant investments to enhance the grid for our customers and communities, which will deliver long-term benefits. Michael will cover these in more detail a bit later. And we will provide updates on these proceedings as they develop later this year. As we invest to build a safer, stronger, smarter and cleaner energy grid for our customers, we also continue to work diligently to manage our costs, leverage our investments and optimize our performance. Moving now to page 7, and the second pillar of our strategy, enhancing regulatory frameworks and advocating for responsible energy and economic policies. Without question energy policy at the federal and state levels and constructed regulatory frameworks that incentivize meaningful and needed infrastructure investments have never been more important as we look too reliably and securely transition to a cleaner energy future as affordably as possible. As late last week, it was announced that Senators Schumer and Manchin reached agreement on proposed legislation that would, among other things, extend significant incentives for clean energy development and deployment. Given the Clean Energy Transition underway in Illinois and Missouri, as highlighted by our recent change to the Ameren Missouri Integrated Resource Plan, filed with the Missouri PSC in June and our goal of reaching net zero carbon emissions by 2045. We are very excited about the potential benefits of this legislation. Specifically, the credits proposed for wind, solar storage, nuclear, Carbon Capture Utilization and Storage or CCUS and hydrogen will align very well with the significant investments proposed in the Missouri IRP. Importantly, the benefits of these tax incentives will ultimately lower the cost of the clean energy transition for our customers in Missouri, and Illinois over time. These potential tax credits when coupled with the significant clean energy funding made available through the infrastructure investment in JOBS Act passed earlier this year will drive significant long-term benefits for our customers, communities and the country. I will also note that the proposed legislation includes a minimum corporate income tax for public companies with pretax book earnings above $1 billion. At the state level, as part of Ameren Missouri Smart Energy Plan, a multiyear effort to strengthen the grid, our customers are benefiting from stronger poles, more resilient power lines, smart equipment, including modern substations, and upgraded circuits to better withstand severe weather events and restore power more quickly. As we mentioned on our first quarter earnings call, Missouri Senate Bill 745, which enhances and extends the smart energy plan passed earlier this year with strong majority support in the General Assembly. The bill was later signed by Governor Parson. We believe extending Missouri's Smart Energy Plan will continue to benefit our customers and communities as we transform the energy grid of today to build a brighter energy future for generations to come. And while creating significant economic development and jobs in the state. Moving to page 8 for Illinois legislative matters, we continue to make progress working towards the implementation of the Illinois energy Transition Legislation enacted last year, including the performance metrics required by the legislation. Ameren Illinois has proposed eight performance metrics each worth three basis points of incentives for a total of 24 basis points of symmetric, equity return upside or downside potential. The ICC staff is mostly aligned with Ameren Illinois on the performance metrics and is proposed the range of 20 to 24 total basis points of increased or decreased return opportunities. We expect a final order from the ICC by late September in the performance metrics docket. We look forward to the ICCs order and filing our first multiyear rate plan next year, as we believe this legislation will support important energy grid investments and deliver value to customers. Turning to page 9, for an update on our plan to accelerate the retirement of the Rush Island Energy Center. Last month in response to our notification to MISO of our intention to retire the energy center, MISO issued its final Attachment Y report, designating the generating units at the Rush Island Energy Center as systems support resources. MISO also concluded that certain mitigation measures including transmission upgrades should occur to ensure reliability before the energy center is retired. Those transmission upgrade projects have been approved by the MISO and we have started the design and procurement process associated with the upgrades, which we expect to complete by late 2025. In the interim, until Rush Island can be retired, Ameren Missouri has proposed limiting operations at the Energy Center. The District Court is under no obligation or deadline to issue a rule modifying its remedy order to reflect the MISO SSR designation or proposed interim operating parameters. The original March 31, 2024 compliance date remains in effect unless extended by the court. We expected decision in the near term. Turning now to page 10 for an update on changes to our 2020 Ameren Missouri Integrated Resource Plan, which we filed in June. Our IRP is a 20 year energy plan created to ensure reliability for our customers for years to come. I'm excited to share with you that these changes to the plan accelerate our clean energy additions, reduce carbon emissions even further in the short term, and accelerate the company's net zero carbon emissions goal by five years. Specifically, the plan targets a 60% reduction in carbon emissions below 2005 levels by 2030 and an 85% reduction by 2040 and by 2045, our goal is to achieve net zero carbon emissions across all of Ameren. The new goals include both Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions, including other greenhouse gas emissions of methane, nitrous oxide, and sulfur hexafluoride. We plan to achieve these goals by making significant investments in renewable energy, including 2,800 megawatts of renewable energy by 2030, representing an investment opportunity of $4.3 billion. This is an increase of $1 billion from our 2022 -- excuse me our 2020 IRP. By 2040 in total, in total, the plan includes 4,700 megawatts of renewable generation for a total investment opportunity of $7.5 billion. The plan also includes 1,200 megawatts of gas combined cycle generation by 2031, an investment opportunity of $1.7 billion, which will allow us to safely and reliably advance the net retirement timeline of our fossil generation, including the accelerated retirement of the Rush Island Energy Center. Further, the plan includes 800 megawatts of battery storage by 2040, representing an investment opportunity of $650 million, we expect to add 1,200 megawatts of clean dispatchable resource by 2042. And to also seek an extension of the operating license of our carbon free Callaway Nuclear Energy Center beyond the current expiration date of 2044. These changes to the 2020 IRP will drive our ability to meet customers rising needs and expectations for reliable, affordable and clean energy sources. Achieving these goals is dependent upon a variety of factors including cost effective advancements in innovative clean energy technologies, and constructed federal and state energy and economic policies. We have issued a request for proposal to solicit solar and wind projects that will allow us to take the next steps and deliver the best value for our customers. One thing is clear. Our IRP includes significant incremental investment opportunities, and we're very excited as we continue to execute our clean energy transition plan. Turning now to page 11. Speaking of executing our Clean Energy Transition Plan, in July, we filed Certificates of Convenience and Necessity or CCN with the Missouri Public Service Commission for two solar project acquisitions, Boomtown, a 150 megawatt solar energy center located in southern Illinois, is expected to be in service by the fourth quarter of 2020. Huck Finn, a 200 megawatt solar energy center located in Eastern Missouri, would be Ameren’s largest solar project to date, generating more than 25 times the amount of energy of Missouri's largest existing solar facility. This solar project is also expected to be in service by the fourth quarter of 2024. While the Missouri PSC is under no deadline to issue an order on the CCN filings, we expect decisions by March and April 2023 for the 200 megawatt and the 150 megawatt facilities respectively. Looking ahead, we expect to announce further agreements for the acquisition of renewables between now and the first half of 2023. Turning to page 12, in the third pillar of our strategy, creating and capitalizing on opportunities for investment for the benefit of our customers, shareholders and the environment. This page provides an update on the MISO long range transmission planning process. As we have discussed with you in the past, MISO completed a study outlining a potential roadmap of transmission investments through 2039 taking into consideration the rapidly evolving generation mix that includes significant additions of renewable generation based on announced utility integrated resource plans, state mandates, and goals for clean energy or carbon emission reductions, as well as electrification of the transportation sector, among other things. In July, MISO approved tranche one, a set of projects located at MISO north, which had estimated to cost more than $10 billion. Of these projects approximately $1.8 billion represent projects in our service territory that have been assigned to Ameren. We expect to refine the scope, cost estimates and timelines for these projects over the remainder of this year. In addition to the assigned projects, MISO approved approximately $700 million of competitive projects that cross through our Missouri service territory, which provide additional potential investment opportunities. We are well positioned to compete for and successfully execute on these projects, given the location of the projects and our expertise constructing large regional transmission projects. Later this month, MISO is expected to post a schedule outlining the RFP process for competitive bidding, with the first RFP expected to be issued by late September. The competitive bidding process is expected to take 12 to 24 months. For the projects assigned to Ameren, we expect the capital expenditures to begin in 2025 with the completion dates expected near the end of this decade. MISO has also begun work on three additional tranches, and is indicated that an initial set of tranche two projects also located in MISO north is expected to be approved in the second half of 2023. Projects including tranche 3 are expected to be located in MISO south, with approval scheduled by the end of 2024 while projects identified in tranche 4 are expected to improve transfer capability between MISO north and MISO south, and will be studied upon approval of tranche 3. Turning then to page 13. Looking ahead over the next decade, we have a robust pipeline of investment opportunities that will deliver significant value to all of our stakeholders by making our energy grid stronger, smarter and cleaner. We have updated the investment opportunities to reflect the additional renewable and combined cycle generation included in the change to the IRP filed in June. We now expect over $48 billion of investment opportunities over the next decade, maintaining constructive energy policies that support robust investment in energy infrastructure, and a transition to a cleaner future in responsible fashion will be critical to meeting our country's energy needs in the future, and delivering on our customers’ expectations. Moving now to page 14, we're focused on delivering a sustainable energy futures for our customers, communities and our country. This slide summarizes our strong sustainability value proposition and focus on environmental, social, governance, and sustainable growth goals. The change to the Ameren Missouri IRP filed in June supports our goal of net zero carbon emissions by 2045. And is also consistent with the objectives of the Paris Agreement in limiting global temperature rise to 1.5 degrees Celsius. We also remain focused on supporting our communities, including our very robust supplier diversity program. Our strong sustainable growth proposition remains among the best in the industry. We have a robust pipeline of future investments that will continue to modernize the grid and enable the transition to a cleaner energy future. I encourage you to take some time to read more about our strong sustainability value proposition, you can find all of our ESG related reports at amereninvestors.com. Turning to page 15. To sum up our value proposition, we remain firmly convinced that the execution of our strategy in 2022 and beyond will deliver superior value to our customers, shareholders and the environment. In February, we issued our five year growth plan which included our expectation of a 6% to 8% compound annual earnings growth rate from 2022 through 2026. This earnings growth is primarily driven by strong rate base growth supported by strategic allocation of infrastructure investment to each of our operating segments based on their constructive regulatory frameworks. We expect Ameren’s future dividend growth to be in line with our long-term earnings per share growth expectations, and within a payout ratio range of 55% to 70%. We expect to deliver strong long-term earnings and dividend growth which results in an attractive total return that compares favorably with our regulated utility peers. I'm confident in our ability to execute our investment plans and strategies across all four of our business segments, as we have an experienced and dedicated team to get it done. Finally, turning to page 16, I would like to take the opportunity to congratulate Richard Mark on his retirement and extend my gratitude for his many contributions made to Ameren and our communities. Richard served in several leadership positions during his 20 year career at Ameren and was influential in the advancement of the electric and natural gas distribution grids throughout southern and central Illinois, including installing advanced technologies, improving reliability, and creating 1000s of jobs in addition to his strong community engagement. Thank you, Richard, and I wish you well in your retirement. I would also like to introduce to you Ameren Illinois’s new President Lenny Singh. Lenny brings more than 30 years of utility experience serving in both electric and natural gas operations, most recently as Senior Vice President of Consolidated Edison Company of New York. Over the course of his career, Lenny is focused on operational excellence and value creation, prioritizing safety, customer satisfaction, continuous improvement, action and accountability. I look forward to working with Lenny as he builds on Ameren Illinois success as we work to safely, reliably and securely drive the clean energy transition in the state of Illinois. Again, thank you all for joining us today. And I will now turn the call over to Michael.
Michael Moehn: Thanks, Marty. And good morning everyone. Yesterday, we reported second quarter 2022 earnings of $0.80 per share, compared to $0.80 per share for the year ago quarter. Slide 18 summarizes key drivers impacting earnings at each segment. I'd like to take a moment to highlight a few key variances for the quarter. Earnings in Ameren Missouri, our largest segment benefited from higher electric retail sales driven by warmer early summer temperatures during the quarter compared to near normal temperatures in the year ago period, and higher electric grid. A positive factors impacting earnings Ameren Missouri were more than offset by, among other things, higher operations and maintenance expenses. Higher O&M reflected unfavorable market returns in 2022 on company on life insurance investments compared to payroll market returns in the year ago period. In addition, the higher O&M expenses were driven by the absence of refined coal credits in 2022, which had been a benefit to our coal fired energy centers in 2021, and prior year and increased transmission and distribution expenses including storm cost. The reduction in refined coal credits was anticipated and reflected in the new electric service rates effective earlier this year. In fact, year-to-date, O&M costs excluding COLI are largely in line with what we expected when we provide guidance in February. We remain focused on discipline cost management for the second half of the year. Before moving on, I'll touch on sales trends for Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois electric distribution year-to-date, weather normalized kilowatt hour sales to Missouri residential and commercial customers increased about 0.5% and 1.5% respectively. Our weather normalized kilowatt hour sales to Missouri industrial customers decrease about 0.5%. Weather normalized kilowatt hour sales to Illinois residential and commercial customers increased about 1.5% each year-to-date and weather normalized kilowatt hour sales to Illinois industrial customers increased about 0.5%. Recall that changes in electric sales in Illinois no matter the cause do not affect our earnings. Since we have full revenue to coupling. Turning to page 19. I would now like to briefly touch on key drivers impacting our 2022 earnings guidance. We've delivered solid earnings in the first half of 2022 and are well positioned to finish the year strong. As Marty stated, we continue to expect 2022 diluted earnings to be in the range of $3.95 to $4.15 per share. Select earnings considerations for the balance of the year are listed on this page and are supplemental to the key drivers and assumptions discussed in our call -- earnings call in February. As we reflect on our earnings for the full year results, the benefits we've seen from weather during the first half of the year and from the higher expected 30 year Treasury rates are offset in part by unfavorable market returns and company on life insurance, as well as higher than expected short term and long-term borrowing rates. I encourage you to take these into consideration as you develop your expectations for the third quarter and full year earnings results. Turning now to page 20 for an update on regulatory matters, starting with Ameren Missouri. Earlier this week, we filed for a $316 million electric revenue increase with the Missouri Public Service Commission. The request includes a 10.2% return on equity, a 51.9% equity ratio, and a December 31, 2022 estimated rate base of $11.6 billion. Drivers are the requested increase on investments on the Smart Energy Plan, including increased cost of capital and depreciation expense, as well as increased net fuel expense due to reduced off system sales driven by expected reduced operations at Rush Island. As Marty noted earlier, customers are benefiting from investments made in to the smart energy plan to strengthen the grid, including infrastructure upgrades, bolstering reliability and resiliency, installation of smart meters and improving our reliability of up to 40% on [Inaudible] with new smart technology upgrades. We expect the Missouri PSC decision by June 2023 and new rates to be affected by July 1, 2023. We look forward to working with all key stakeholders on this request. Moving to page 21, an Ameren Illinois regulatory matters. In April, we made our required annual electric distribution rate update filing. Under Illinois performance base rate making, these annual rate updates systematically adjust cash flows over time for changes in cost of service and true-up of any prior period over or under recovery of such cost. In late June, the ICC staff recommended a $60 million base rate increase compared to our updated request of an $84 million base rate increase. The $24 million variance is primarily driven by a difference in the common equity ratio, as we propose 54% compared to the ICC staffs recommended 50%. For perspective, the order received from the ICC last December included a common equity ratio of 51% and ICC decision is expected in December with new rates expected to be effective in January 2023. On page 22, we provide a financing update, we continue to feel very good about our financial position. On April 1, Ameren Missouri issues $525 million or 3.9% green first mortgage bonds due 2052. Proceeds of the offering are used to fund capital expenditures and refinance short-term debt. In order to maintain a strong balance sheet while we fund our robust infrastructure plan consistent with the guidance in February. This year, we expect to issue approximately $300 million of common equity under our aftermarket equity program. We have fulfilled all of our 22 equity needs through the forward sales agreement entered into as April 1, and we expect to issue 3.4 million common shares by the end of this year upon settlement. Further, as of July 12, approximately $225 million of the $300 million of equity outlined 2023 has been sold forward under that program. Finally, turning to page 23, we have had a solid first half and we expect to deliver strong earnings growth in 2022 as we continue to successfully execute our strategy. Today, we've outlined significant and exciting investment opportunities over the back half of our current capital plan and beyond that are not reflected in our 2022 to 2026 capital plan. Consistent with our approach in the past, we will step back and take a comprehensive look at our investment opportunities and provide our five year capital plan for 2023 through 2027, during our year end conference call in February. As we look at the longer term, we continue to expect strong earnings per share growth driven by robust rate based growth and discipline cost management. Further, we believe this growth will compare favorably with the growth of our regulated utility peers. The bottom line is that we are well positioned to continue executing our current plan. And Ameren shares continue to offer investors an attractive dividend. In total, we have an attractive total shareholder returns to where that compares very favorably to our peers. That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: Hey, good morning, Marty. Not too bad. It's very good day. Marty, Let me ask just thank you for the visibility. Obviously, we're on the tranche 1 opportunities, but just a two part question here. What's your, I guess, confidence level on the competitive slice? Or how should we be thinking about maybe your ability to capture that? Is there a technical or cost of capital facet to your advantage? And then does this -- how does this sort of interact with your prior CaPex and sort of rate base guide? I mean, some of the projects do break ground in ‘25. So could these be an accretive to your 6% to 8%? Thanks.
Marty Lyons: Yes, you bet Shahriar, good questions. And, here I hope you have a Good Friday and a good weekend. But back to your questions, in terms of the competitive projects coming out of tranche 1, as we highlighted a little over $700 million of those. And as we mentioned in our prepared remarks that we do believe we're well positioned to compete for and successfully execute those, I think the bottom line is that we believe we're really well positioned to efficiently build, operate and maintain those assets over time. The projects that are competitive are within our footprint. They're places where we have strong relationships with local communities, regulators, suppliers, contractors, et cetera. And we've been operating in this area for many years. So we know the land, we know the environmental conditions and issues. And I tell you too that we've been working for several years now, as we've developed billions of dollars’ worth of transmission projects, and we've been working overtime with suppliers and contractors to really bring down the costs of construction. And because these projects, these competitive projects are contiguous with other assets that we own and operate, we think we're really well positioned to operate and maintain these assets at a low cost over time. So those are some of the reasons that we believe at the end of the day, we're well positioned to compete and execute on those projects. So we look forward to participating in that competitive process over time. And then your second question really got to some of the incremental capital into our plan. I'll let Michael comment on that. But you're right, in terms of the $1.8 billion worth of projects that were assigned to us, we do again, expect to begin those in 2025. And those cash flows and capital expenditures to be incurred over between 2025 and the end of the decade. Michael, any comments in terms of the added CaPex?
Michael Moehn: Yes. Good morning, Shahriar. Marty said as well in terms of the capital plan itself, Shahriar, and we've talked about this, I mean, I think that it's great to start getting some clarity here around these different projects. And as Marty said I think some of this could even benefit the five year plan, as we have indicated we're going to step back. And what we typically do with our cadences, will update all this in the February timeframe. And my sense is this has got the ability to be accretive to our five year capital plan, as well as just additive to the overall runway, as we talk about the growth story. I think as we, if you kind of remember, if you reflect back on the $48 billion that we have there now that number used to be $40 billion, we captured about $5 billion associated with transmission projects, it was broadly to try to look at these LRTP projects over the next 10 years. So, I think we got it in there. And now, it's a matter of where it just ends up by year, if that makes sense.
Shahriar Pourreza: It does. Yes. I am sure it does.
Marty Lyons: Shahriar, this is Marty. And I think Michael touched on a good thing as we started the year we looked ahead to Q2, and we noted that there were going to be some important updates in Q2, and I think that's exactly what came through in terms of the Integrated Resource Plan in Missouri that indicated about $2.7 billion of incremental spend between now and 2031. And then, as Michael said, the LRTP, adding another $1.8 billion of expenditures that we have signed to us, as well as this potential for $700 million of additional competitive projects. So as Michael said all those things gave us confidence to add that $8 billion to that long-term capital expenditure outlook.
Shahriar Pourreza: Perfect. And then just I know, you just probably touched on it a little bit on just the Inflation Reduction Act. I mean, obviously, [Inaudible] proposed some changes, I think we go to a vote on Saturday. Can you just touch a little bit on the tax side? I mean, some of the utilities have talked about a technical fix with the 50% AMT? Are you in sort of EI lobbying against it? Could you get a carved out? And then if there isn't enactment of that AMT how do we sort of think about the cash flows and rate base growth impact and the recovery timing? Thanks.
Marty Lyons: Shahriar, there's a lot there. And as you noted even based on the reports this morning there seems to be some moving pieces as it relates to the corporate minimum tax. Let me just say this overall, about the legislation, we're excited about the potential tax credits in the legislation, especially the wind and the solar, given the 4,700 megawatts of renewables that we looked at, in Missouri by 2040, based on our Integrated Resource Plan, so that's all pretty exciting, and even net of CMT impact. We think the legislation is good for Ameren, for our customers in both Missouri and Illinois, because it really should lower the cost of the clean energy transition in both states. And that's not even mention in some of the other positives in there, whether it's the credits for nuclear storage, CCUS, hydrogen things we talked about on the call, all of which align with our long-term resource plan. So that's all really good, other things you're aware of things like the PTC for solar is a positive versus the prior ITC and transferability provisions, which are things that we really think could help us to pass the value associated with some of these tax credits to our customers more swiftly. So, like I said, net, we think that the legislation overall is good and will help facilitate a lower cost transition to this clean energy. As it relates to the CMT, it is applicable to us, given that we have pretax book income of greater than $1 billion, but probably premature to speculate on exactly what that impact would be given, as you mentioned, some of the moving pieces that aren't even really clear to us at this particular time. But at the end of the day, we do think based on what we have seen we do believe that the cash flow impacts would be manageable. And as would and Michael can comment on this better, but also the impacts on credit metrics and credit rating. So that's, I guess, where we stand on things. Shahriar, hopefully, I answered all of your questions. Michael, do you have anything to add?
Michael Moehn: Yes, I think Marty, I think at a high level you gave it good justice there. I mean, I think overall, we do see it as being manual. There are a lot of moving pieces here. So I think that's why we're really trying to stay away from the specifics, but as we look at it and model it out we do think as Marty said both from a cash flow as well as any sort of impact, Shahriar, our FFO to debt metrics, that it definitely is something that's manageable. And I think the important thing to remember is just that the net benefit to customers just from an overall credit standpoint, certainly on the Missouri side, as you think about this clean energy transition that we're about to go through.
Operator: Our next question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JP Morgan.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning. Just wanted to round out the MISO tranche 1 conversation a little bit more. Would Ameren entertain the notion of pursuing competitive processes beyond the $700 million identified or is that the extent of what you would consider? And also we've heard about there being kind of some incremental upside to these projects, maybe 10% to 15% of CapEx, additionally for kind of ancillary components to these projects. And just wondering if you had any thoughts along those lines?
Marty Lyons: Yes, Jeremy, good questions. You've certainly will look to compete for the $700 million if there are other projects that are competitive, certainly we'll take a look at those as well. We're not limited to these. But of course, as you know, in many of the surrounding states you have entities with rights of first refusal. So, look, we feel good about the ones that have been assigned to us. I can't emphasize that enough. That's $1.8 billion we feel great about, and we'll go after the $700 million if we see other opportunities, we'll certainly look to compete in those as well. I wouldn't speculate right now, Jeremy, on in terms of any incremental investment beyond these, these are the estimates that really came from MISO. And as we indicated in our call, prepared remarks we'll certainly be looking to next steps is really work on more refined design, procurement, the regulatory approvals, et cetera. And give updates on what we think the overall value of these projects are, perhaps when we get around to February and update our overall plans, but for now, we think these are the best estimates to be able to provide.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful. Thanks. And then just as it relates to Rush Island here, if you could provide any incremental thoughts with regards to transmission upgrade opportunity here. Any – could you provide any estimates on what these upgrades could look like? I know it's bigger than a breadbox. We're trying to kind of scope out what that might look like.
Marty Lyons: Yes, good question. Look, we, we gave pretty good update in our prepared remarks on Rush Island. We did indicate that design and procurements underway with respect to the upgrade projects that MISO had approved. I mean I think our best estimate today, and this was a bit of a broad range, probably in the $100 million to $150 million range. And but like I said, we'll be able to refine that further as we go through the design and procurement activities.
Operator: Our next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Smith: Hey, good morning, team. Thanks for the time, the opportunity. Hope you guys are well. Thank you. Thank you, sir. So maybe I want to come back to the Rush Island situation. I know, you mentioned ’25 for instance, on retirement here, but I want to talk about these other CSAP regulations. And just try to understand how that lines up. I know that there's some proposals out there for 2026. And obviously, you've got a couple other plans Labadie and Sioux. How do you see this playing out? Because obviously that there's EPA regs and sort of hypothetical ether, and then there's sort of reality of them lining up against your portfolio in a pretty meaningful way. I just want to understand sort of the specifics as to, I mean, obviously, it's subject to litigation, but how do you see this playing out more specifically for your portfolio? And as you see to try to balance things?
Marty Lyons: Yes so as it relates to the CSAPR rules, look, it's something we're not only monitoring but engaging with EPA in terms of providing comment. Of course, Merrimack is retiring this year, Rush Island is, as you mentioned, looks like it's going to retire in the 2024 to 2025 timeframe. Again, we don't expect the transmission investments to be fully completed until 2025. As we noted, we have proposed some limited operations between now and then between now and when the plant would ultimately retire all subject to the court's ruling in terms of operating parameters as well as the ultimate closure date. But certainly going to significantly reduce NOx emissions as we ramped down towards closure of that facility. So I think the focus really becomes, Julien, that on NOx controls, at Labadie and Sioux, and I would remind you there that we've made significant investments over time in terms of NOx controls, and we're more than complying with all the current standards that are out there. So with respect to the proposed additional rules I think we'll wait to comment on specifically what the impacts will be at Labadie and Sioux over time, until we get the final rules, which we expect to come out next March. But I will tell you that what we'll be doing and we are, we're analyzing strategies for compliance, and making sure that we get the full benefit of the controls that we do have in place today at Labadie and Sue.
Julien Smith: Yes. Excellent. Thank you. And then if I can, just jumping in on the inflation conversation, obviously, you filed here, though, your latest iteration of a rate case. But how are you seeing sort of cost inflation manifests itself across your portfolio? And how do you think about balancing that given the test here, embedded in the current rate case? And then the other levers you might have.
Michael Moehn: Yes, thanks, Julien. This is Michael. Look, inflation, it certainly we're in a little different environment today. But I mean, I think we've talked historically, and we've showed you a couple of times, even have a slide, I think that went through 16 through 21. And our overall operating costs were down about 3%. And so, look, we remain focused on it, you referenced this Missouri rate review that we just filed here. I would tell you that that's really predicated on a lot of capital investment within the Smart Energy Plan, we outlined, and I think the benefits that customers are getting associated with those investments. And obviously, it's also being impacted by what we just talked about with respect to Rush Island, and the net fuel costs and operating in that plant in a more limited fashion as well. So when you really cut through what's going on in case, it's not, it's really not about O&M costs, which I think is a testament to what this team has been doing in terms of just looking for ways to continue to hold down costs wherever possible. So in the present environment, I think we're managing well through it. As we noted, on the call, we had some O&M was up, but it was really driven by some one time things between the COLI performance towards some storm costs. And when you cut through it, it certainly lines up with what our expectations were on the February timeframe, we released guidance.
Julien Smith: Got it. And just prospectively, here, just if I can push a little bit further, obviously, you've done a good job, sort of to date, if you will, if you look prospectively whether that's related to the cadence of labor relation negotiations, et cetera. When do you -- what kind of trajectory, what inflation are you seeing sort of in real time more prospectively here? If you can comment a little bit more?
Michael Moehn: Yes, sure. Look, I do. Yes, absolutely, I keep my comments consistent with already been in the past. And that's Marty and I and the rest of the team is very focused on these costs, and doing all that we can to control what we can control. And look, we aspire to keep these O&M costs. I think we said this for the really flat over the five year horizon, if at all possible, it's obviously, and it’s a bit more challenging in this environment. But again, as we look to our capital plan, we look to the investments that we're making in automation and digital and smart meters. I mean, we're using all of those things to increase productivity, lower costs where we can and we're going to stay focused on it and just do absolutely all that we can because we know again what it means to our customers, we understand we talked about this from a capital perspective for every dollar of O&M we reduce we can spend the equivalent $7 of capital and so, it is certainly top of mind, and continuous everyday focus here.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: Hey, good morning. So, just on Rush Island, just sort of technically speaking. If you don't get, I mean if the courts don' completely go your way, the plan to shut down, what would actually happen, or do we have an idea about what would happen?
Marty Lyons: Yes, I guess I don't want to speculate that on, Paul, I think that it's obviously a process that we're still we're working through with court and the court proceedings and so we laid out for you on slide 9 the facts as they stand today and certainly wouldn't speculate if we get to that that crossroads, I would point you on slide 9, we said that with respect to the court, the March 31, 2024 compliance day remains in effect, unless extended by the courts. So the courts got that ability and certainly don't want to speculate as to what the court will or won't do. And we'll let these proceedings play out.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Fair enough. I don't want to push that. I guess it's all hypothetical, I guess, to certain degree. So with respect to wind curtailments that we've been seeing in the area, I was wondering if you could tell us what you've been seeing, not just in Ameren but the greater Ameren neighborhood so to speak, as well as how tranche 1 and other sort of activity occurring, like I guess, Green Belt is talking about a 25%, I think, increase among other things, as there's just a lot of moving pieces, I guess to put it right, so I'm just sort of wondering what if you could just sort of comment about what you're seeing there in terms of additions of generation plants, traditional plants, shutting down and transmission, what you see sort of the current situation with wind curtailments is generically speaking in your general region and what tranche 1 and other things might do with respect to the issue.
Marty Lyons: Yes Paul, I guess I don't have a specific comment on wind curtailments and something we can follow up on you, follow up with you on. That said what I have seen recently is a map of these tranche 1 projects overlaid against where we're seeing congestion across MISO. And I will tell you, there's tremendous alignment there meeting these plan projects and tranche 1 really align well with where we're seeing congestion across the footprint really promised to alleviate some of that congestion. And I think that's why if you go back a year or so ago, [Worter] made a comment about these being, I forget the word he use, but kind of no brainer projects or something like that, and no regrets projects. And I think what he really meant by those is that whether we proceed towards future one, two, or three in MISO these projects are very foundational, no matter where you go, and they're needed today to address some of the congestion that we're already seeing within the MISO footprint. And the look ahead to tranche 2, 3 and 4 especially based on what we're seeing coming out of this IRA legislation I think is really going to push us beyond that future one to more of like a closer to a future two kind of outlook. And my sense is that some of that'll end up getting baked into the extent of the projects that are approved in future tranches, including tranche 2, which is still expected to be approved by late next year. So again, don't have a specific comment on your question about what we're seeing currently. But to your question about these transmission projects and the need to alleviate congestion issues we're seeing absolutely they aligned very well.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey, good morning, Mike. Good morning, Marty. Thanks for taking my questions. I guess first on the Missouri rate filing, just as I think about you filed in ‘21, you're filing again, in ‘22. We had a piece of legislation passed, just what's now, that you maybe have more clarity on the forward looking CaPex plan? What kind of frequency of rate filing you expecting in Missouri for the next two or three years?
Michael Moehn: Andy, we haven't actually said, I mean, you're right, we've been on kind of a two year cycle here at this point. And look, I mean, we obviously we want to continue to stretch these out as much as we possibly can. But just given the pace that we've been on from a capital standpoint two years has been sort of what the required paces be, needed to be. I think the only other thing to just keep in mind is that we are required to file every four years just because of the fuel adjustment clause, but otherwise we do want to try to stretch them out as long as we can.
Anthony Crowdell: Grea.t And then I guess, last, it is may be hard or may not be a great question. If I think about the futures one projects that the company will bid on, did the incumbent utilities, you guys operate in that jurisdiction, it's seems that maybe you're -- the incumbent utilities are more likely to submit a proposal for a more robust, like infrastructure, because it's in your jurisdiction, you're looking at [Inaudible] at asset list, be active for 50 years, 60 years or something like that, where's the competitor coming in there, they just meet the bare minimum of a design spec, and it makes it more affordable, and wins the competitive process? Is that possible? Or it's the design specs are the same for everyone?
Marty Lyons: I really think MISO is going to do their best to make sure that there are very clear scope and design and construction expectations and attributes such that you can really get apples-to-apples comparisons in these bids. And I gave a fairly extensive answer to a question earlier, at the end of the day, I just want to reinforce, I mean we really do believe that we're well positioned to efficiently build, operate and maintain these assets over time. But it is our expectation that there'll be every effort made to ensure there's apples-to-apples comparisons.
Operator: Our next question is from Neil Kalton with Wells Fargo Securities.
Neil Kalton: Hi, guys, how are you? Yes. So I know, it's not your project Greenbelts Express, though, there's been some recent developments, the capacity, as Paul mentioned, is going up on the project. And I would imagine IRA probably has some positive implications for the economics and prospects. I would love your latest thoughts on that project, if you will.
Marty Lyons: Hey, Neil, it’s Marty. Absolutely, we laid out in this updated Integrated Resource Plan some pretty significant ambitions in terms of addition of renewables. We’re talking about 2,800 megawatts through 2030. 4,300 megawatts by 2035. And we've filed a couple of CCN is related to that, as you know the Boomtown project, Huck Finn project, a couple of projects we outlined on this call, but there's a long way to go in terms of the addition of renewables. So we have issued a request for proposal, and we're evaluating the best options for our customers. As we've discussed with you and others over time Greenbelt remains a project that is of interest, primarily because of the opportunity to bring wind energy from the West, the Kansas region, for example, into Missouri for the benefit of our Missouri customers, and, in fact, in our integrated resource plan had highlighted the potential to utilize that line to bring in as much as 1,000 megawatts of wind energy. So it is something that we continue to evaluate, and we'll evaluate as we look at the opportunities for renewables that come out of this RFP, ultimately, as you know, we want to make sure we pick the right projects for our customers from the standpoint of affordability, and good mix of assets to meet their needs over time.
Neil Kalton: Great, thanks. And then one other question. I think in your prepared remarks, you mentioned, hydrogen as being, you sort of mentioned as part of the IRA, can you elaborate a bit more on sort of how you're thinking about hydrogen? Is this sort of nearer term opportunity, or any thoughts on that as well, please?
Marty Lyons: Yes, Neil. So in our updated integrated resource plan that we filed in June, we actually added a 1,200 megawatt combined cycle plant by 2031. And the idea there is to get to our net zero emissions by 2045. The idea would be to construct that with an eye towards transitioning to hydrogen or hydrogen blend with carbon capture retrofit by as early as the 2040 timeframe. So it's with regard to that project is specifically that we think about that.
Operator: We have reached the end of the question and answer session. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Marty Lyons for closing comments.
Marty Lyons: Great. Hey, thank you all for joining us today. I hope what you heard is we have a very strong start to 2022. We're looking to finish strong for the remainder of this year and we remain focused on continuing to deliver significant long-term value to our customers. The communities that we serve and to our shareholders. And so anyway, we look forward to seeing many of you at conferences over the next couple of months and we again, appreciate you joining us. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And we thank you for your participation.

===== 2022 Q1  (2022-05-06 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Ameren Corporation's First Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Andrew Kirk, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you. Mr. Kirk. You may begin.
Andrew Kirk: Thank you, and good morning. On the call with me today are Marty Lyons, our President, Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Moehn, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; as well as other members of the Ameren management team joining us remotely. Marty and Michael will discuss our earnings results and guidance, as well as provide a business update. And we will open the call for questions. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on the amereninvestors.com homepage that will be referenced by our speakers. As noted on page two of the presentation, comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, strategies, targets, estimates, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the forward-looking statements section in the news release we issued yesterday and the forward-looking statements and Risk Factors sections in our filings with the SEC. Lastly, all per share earnings amounts discussed during today's presentation, including earnings guidance, are presented on a diluted basis, unless otherwise noted. Now here's Marty, who will start on page four.
Martin Lyons: Thanks Andrew. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us. We've had a solid start to the year and our team continues to effectively execute our strategic plan across all of our business segments, allowing us to deliver consistently strong results for our customers and shareholders. Yesterday, we announced first quarter 2022 earnings of $0.97 per share compared to earnings of $0.91 per share in the first quarter of 2021. The year-over-year increase of $0.06 per share reflected increased infrastructure investments across all of our business segments that will drive significant long-term benefits for our customers. The key drivers of our first quarter results are outlined on this slide. I am pleased to report that we remain on track to deliver within our 2022 earnings guidance range of $3.95 per share to $4.15 per share. Michael will discuss our first quarter earnings, 2022 earnings guidance and other related items in more detail later. Moving to slide five. You will find our strategic plan reiterated. We continue to invest in and operate our utilities in a manner consistent with existing regulatory frameworks. Enhance regulatory frameworks and advocate for responsible energy and economic policies and create and capitalize on opportunities for investment for the benefit of our customers, shareholders and the environment. Turning out to page six, which highlights our commitment to the first pillar of our strategy, investing in and operating our utilities in a manner consistent with existing regulatory frameworks. Our strong long-term earnings growth guidance is primarily driven by our infrastructure investment and rate-based growth plans, which are supported by constructive regulatory frameworks. Our plan includes strategically allocating capital to all four of our business segments. You can see on the right side of this page, we have invested significant capital in each of our business segments during the first three months of this year, in order to maintain safe and more reliable operations all while facilitating and driving a clean energy transition. Regarding regulatory matters in late February, new Ameren Missouri electric and natural gas service rates went into effect, reflecting significant investment in grid modernization, reliability, resiliency, security, and renewable energy generation. In addition, in April Ameren Illinois filed its required annual electric distribution rate update, reflecting similar infrastructure investments and service improvements in that jurisdiction and requesting an $83 million increase. Ongoing investment across all four business segments is building a safer, stronger, smarter, and cleaner energy grid for our customers now and in the future. At the same time, we are maintaining discipline with regard to costs, leveraging our investments and focusing on continuous improvement to optimize our performance and drive greater value for our customers. Moving to page seven and the second pillar of our strategy, enhancing regulatory frameworks and advocating for responsible energy and economic policies. Over the last several years, we have worked hard to enhance the regulatory frameworks in both Missouri and Illinois, to enable meaningful and needed infrastructure investments to support reliability, resiliency, and safety. In order to consistently deliver strong value for our customers, communities, and shareholders, while practicing responsible environmental stewardship, we continue to work towards enhancing regulatory frameworks and advocating for responsible energy and economic policies. Workshops related to the implementation of the Illinois energy transition legislation enacted last year are ongoing and performance metrics related to the multi-year rate plan are expected to be approved by the ICC by late September. We believe this legislation will support important energy grid investments and will deliver value to customers, such as the utility owned solar in optional battery storage pilot projects in two communities, Peoria and East St. Louis. We're excited to announce that we began construction of an approximate $10 million, 2.5 megawatt solar energy facility in East St. Louis in early March. This energy center will strengthen the energy grid, while building a cleaner energy future for this Illinois community. Before moving on, I'd like to briefly discuss recent energy and capacity purchases made by the Illinois power agency on behalf of our Ameren Illinois customers for the upcoming June, 2022, through May, 2023 planning year. As you know, global events have been impacting the cost of energy commodities, and power prices in the Midwest have been elevated. Further, a combination of factors, including higher energy usage, a reduction of dispatchable generation and the construct of MISO's capacity market are all being cited as causes of a spike in regional capacity prices. Unfortunately, as a result of these factors, some of our Illinois customers will be seen a meaningful increase to the energy supply component of their bills beginning in June. It is important to note that energy and capacity costs are passed on to our Ameren Illinois customers through a rider with no markup. While factors leading to these increases and potential perspective mitigation will undoubtedly be discussed amongst stakeholders, our approach remains the same. We will continue to focus on supporting our customers and communities by connecting them with bill assistance where needed and continuing to invest strategically to support a responsible clean energy transition in Illinois. Moving now to page eight and Missouri legislative matters. As part of Ameren Missouri smart energy plan, a multi-year effort to strengthen the grid, our customers are benefiting from stronger poles, more resilient power lines, smart equipment, including modern substations and upgraded circuits to better withstand severe weather events and restore power more quickly. I am pleased to report that yesterday afternoon, Senate Bill 745 passed by strong majority support in the general assembly. This bill enhances the smart energy plan legislation enacted in 2018. More specifically, the bill extends the sunset date on the current smart energy plan legislation through December 31st, 2028 with an extension through December 31st, 2033, if the utility requests and the PSE approves. The bill also modifies the rate cap beginning in 2024 from the current 2.85% compound annual all in cap on growth in customer rates to a 2.5% average annual cap on rate impacts of piece of deferrals. In addition, the bill expands and extends economic development incentives and provides for a property tax tracker. The bill will now be sent to the governor for signature. We believe extending Missouri smart energy plan will continue to benefit our customers and communities, as we transform the energy grid of today to build a brighter energy future for generations to come, all while creating significant economic development and jobs in the state. Turning to page nine. We will now provide an update on developments related to our plan to accelerate the retirement of the Rush Island Energy Center. As discussed on our year-end earnings call in late February, Ameren Missouri filed an attachment Y with MISO notifying it of our intention to close the energy center. As a result of that filing MISO is now studying the grid reliability implications of Rush Island's planned closure in order to determine any investments and interim operating parameters required prior to closure in order to mitigate system reliability risks. I would note MISO's preliminary study completed in January, 2022 recommended transmission upgrades and indicated additional voltage support will be needed on the transmission system to ensure reliability. While MISO is under no deadline to issue a final report, we expect a draft report will be issued this month. The District Court, which is awaiting MISO's analysis, is also under no deadline to issue a final order regarding the accelerated retirement date. Ameren Missouri expects to file an update to its 2020 integrated resource plan with the Missouri PSE in June, which will reflect the expected accelerated retirement date of the Rush Island Energy Center. Such filing will also include discussion of the expected use of securitization in order to recover the remaining investment in Rush Island. We continue to work with all parties involved to move forward with the accelerated retirement in the most responsible fashion. On page 10, we turn our focus to the third pillar of our strategy, creating and capitalizing on opportunities for investment for the benefit of our customers, shareholders and the environment. This page provides an update on the MISO long range transmission planning process. As we have discussed with you in the past, MISO completed a study outlining the potential roadmap of transmission investments through 2039, taking into consideration the rapidly evolving generation mix, that includes significant editions of renewable generation based on announced utility integrated resource plans, state mandates, and goals for clean energy or carbon emission reductions, as well as electrification of the transportation sector among other things. Under MISO's Future 1 scenario, which is the scenario that resulted in an approximate 60% carbon emission reduction below 2005 levels by 2039, MISO estimates approximately $30 billion, a future transmission investment would be necessary in the MISO footprint. Under its Future 3 scenario, which resulted in an approximate 80% reduction in carbon emissions below 2005 levels by 2039, MISO estimates approximately $100 billion of transmission investment into MISO footprint would be needed. As part of Tranche 1, MISO working with key stakeholders, including transmission owners has identified projects located in MISO North estimated to total more than $10 billion. The projects crossing through our Missouri and Illinois service territories provide significant investment opportunities. We believe we are well-positioned to execute on these projects, given the location of the projects and our expertise constructing large regional transmission projects. MISO approval of Tranche 1 is expected in late July. Work on three additional Tranches has begun and MISO has indicated that an initial set of Tranche 2 projects also located MISO North is scheduled to be approved in the first quarter of 2023. Projects included in Tranche 3 three are expected to be located in MISO South, with approval scheduled in the fourth quarter of 2024, while projects identified in Tranche 4 are expected to improve transfer capability between MISO North and MISO South with approval scheduled in the fourth quarter of 2025. Moving now to page 11. We are focused on delivering sustainable energy future for our customers, communities and our country. This slide summarizes our strong sustainability value proposition and focus on environmental, social, governance and sustainable growth goals. Our preferred plan included in Ameren Missouri's 2020 IRP supports our goal of net-zero carbon emission by 2050, as well as interim carbon emission reduction targets of 50% and 85% below 2005 levels by 2030 and 2040, respectively, which is consistent with the objectives of the Paris agreement and limiting global temperature rise to 1.5 degrees Celsius. As previously noted the IRP will be updated in June to reflect among other things, MISO's long-range transmission planning, legislative and regulatory developments, and the early retirement of Rush Island. We continue to work diligently to optimize our sustainability value proposition, including our clean energy transition. In just last month, we announced completion of our newest clean energy resource, a six megawatt solar facility. The Montgomery County solar center is part of our Missouri community solar program, which began in 2018, offering customers the opportunity to invest in solar energy generation in their community through a shared system. The energy center is now up and running, supporting more than 2,000 customers who want to take part in clean energy generation without having to pay high upfront cost to install solar equipment on their own roofs or property. The program is fully subscribed, and we are evaluating expansion opportunities at additional sites. We also have a strong long-term commitment to our customers and communities to be socially responsible and economically impactful. I'm excited to say that this week DiversityInc announced once again, that they have named Ameren Number One on their top utilities list for diversity and inclusion, a list we have proudly been part of since 2009. DiversityInc also recognized Ameren as a top company for veterans, black executives, as well as a top company for ESG among all industries. This slide highlights a few of the many things we are doing for our customers and communities, including being an industry leader in diversity, equity and inclusion. Further, our strong corporate governance is led by a diverse Board of Directors focused on strong oversight that's aligned with ESG matters. We recently named our first Chief Sustainability and Diversity Officer to further optimize our ESG impact by aligning these interconnected areas. Finally, this slide summarizes our very strong sustainable growth proposition, which remains among the best in the industry. As mentioned on our call in February, we have a robust pipeline of future investments that will continue to modernize the grid and enable the transition to a cleaner energy future. This pipeline includes over $45 billion of investment opportunities over the next decade, that will deliver significant value to all of our stakeholders by making our energy grid stronger, smarter and cleaner. Of course, our investment opportunities will not only create a stronger and cleaner energy grid to meet our customers' needs and exceed their expectations, but they will also create stronger economies and thousands of jobs for the communities we serve. I encourage you to take some time to read more about our strong sustainability value proposition. You can find all of our ESG related reports at amereninvestors.com. Turning to page 12. To sum up our value proposition, we remain firmly convinced that the execution of our strategy in 2022 and beyond will deliver superior value to our customers, shareholders and the environment. In February, we issued our five-year growth plan, which included our expectation of a 6% to 8% compound annual earnings growth rate from 2022 through 2026. This earnings growth is primarily driven by strong rate-based growth, supported by strategic allocation of infrastructure investment to each of our operating segments based on their constructive regulatory frameworks. I will note renewable generation and regionally beneficial transmission projects represent additional investment opportunities. We expect to announce further agreements for the acquisition of renewables over the course of this year and to file certificates of convenience and necessity, or CCNs with the Missouri PSC after the updates to the 2020 IRP have been filed in June. We expect to deliver strong long-term earnings and dividend growth, which results in an attractive total return that compares favorably with our regulated utility peers. I'm confident in our ability to execute our investment plans and strategies across all four of our business segments, as we have an experienced and dedicated team to get it done. Again, thank you all for joining us today. And I will now turn the call over to Michael.
Michael Moehn: Thanks Marty and good morning, everyone. Turning now to page 14 of our presentation. Yesterday, we reported first quarter 2022 earnings of $0.97 per share compared to $0.91 per share for the year ago quarter. Earnings in Ameren Missouri, our largest segment increased $0.01 per share due to several factors. Earnings increased by approximately $0.03 per share from higher electric retail sales driven by colder than normal winter temperatures in the first quarter of 2022 compared to near normal winter temperatures in the year ago period. We've included on this page the year-over-year weather normalized sales variances for the quarter that showed that total sales to be of one half percent compared to the first quarter of 2021. The earnings comparison also reflected investments in infrastructure and wind generation eligible for PISA and RESRAM which benefited earnings in January and February by $0.03 until rates were set. These favorable factors were partially offset by higher operations and maintenance expenses, which decreased earnings $0.05 per share. This was driven in part by the unfavorable market returns in 2022 that occurred during the first quarter on the cash surrender value of our company owned life insurance. Moving to other segments. Ameren Transmission earnings increased $0.03 year-over-year, which reflected the absence of the March, 2021 FERC order addressing materials and supplies inventories, and increased infrastructure investments. Earnings for Ameren Illinois Natural Gas were up $0.01 reflecting increased infrastructure investments and higher delivery service rates were effective in late January, 2021, partially offset by higher operations and maintenance expenses. Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution earnings also increased $0.01 year-over-year, which reflected increased infrastructure investments and a higher allowed ROE and the performance based rate making of approximately 8.5% compared to approximately 8.2% for the year ago quarter. And finally Ameren Parent and other results were comparable to the first quarter of 2021. Before moving on, I'll touch on the sales trends for Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution in the quarter. Weather normalized kilowatt hour sales to Illinois residential customers decreased about one half percent. And Weather normalized kilowatt hour sales to Illinois commercial and industrial customers increased about one half of percent and 1.5%, respectively. Recall that changes on electric sales in Illinois no matter the cause do not affect our earnings since we have full revenue decoupling. Turning to page 15. I would now like to briefly touch on key drivers impacting our 2022 earnings guidance. We're off to a strong start in 2022. And as Marty stated, we continue to expect 2022 diluted earnings to be in the range of $3.95 to $4.15 per share. Select earning considerations for the balance of the year are listed on this page and are supplemental to the key drivers and assumptions discuss on our earnings call in February. I encourage you to take these into consideration as you develop your expectations for our second quarter earnings results. Turning now to page 16 for details regarding the Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution rate increase request. In April, Ameren Illinois submitted a request for an $83 million revenue increase to the ICC in its annual performance based rate update. Our Illinois customers are continuing to realize the benefits or significant investments in energy infrastructure. Since performance based rate making began in 2012, reliability has improved over 20% and over 1,400 jobs have been created. J.D. Power rank Ameren Illinois number one in residential customer satisfaction in the Midwest among large electric utility providers for 2021. Major investments include in this request are the installation of outage avoidance and detection technology, integration of storm, harding equipment and implementation of new technology to optimize interaction with customers. We expect the ICC's decision by December, 2022 with rates effective in January, 2023. On page 17, we provide a financing update. We continue to feel very good about our financial position. On April 1st, Ameren Missouri issued $525 million of 3.9% green first mortgage bonds due 2052. We intend to use these proceeds as the offering to fund capital expenditures and refinance short-term debt. Subsequently, we plan to allocate an amount equal to the proceeds to sustainable projects, meaning certain eligibility criteria, including investments in transmission and distribution infrastructure, designed to make the system more resilient, and improve customer reliability investments in energy efficiency. Additionally, in order for us to maintain our credit rating and a strong balance sheet, while we fund our robust infrastructure plan consistent with the guidance in February, this year we expect to issue approximately $300 million of common equity under our after market equity program. We're well-positioned to fulfill our 2022 equity needs through forward sales agreements entered in as of April 1st and expect to issue 3.4 million common shares by the end of this year upon settlement. Together with the issuance under our 401(k) and DRPlus programs, our $750 million ATM equity program is expected to support our equity needs through 2023. On page 18, we summarize our green bond issuance over the last few years. Our sustainability financing framework, one of the first of its kind for utility in the nation, supports Ameren sustainability goals and the current target of net-zero carbon emissions by 2050, as well as other social initiatives. The financing proceeds from the issuance of the framework will be allocated eligible environmental and social projects, including renewable generation, climate change adaptation, clean transportation, socioeconomic advancement, and the employment creation, doing just a few. Finally turning to page 19. We're well-positioned to continue to executing our plan. We're off to a solid start and expect to deliver strong earnings growth in 2022, as we continue to successfully execute our strategy. As we look to the longer term, we continue to expect strong earnings per share growth, driven by robust rate-based growth and discipline cost management. Further, we believe this growth will compare favorably with the growth of our regulated utility peers and Ameren shares continue to offer investors an attractive dividend. In total, we have an attractive total share of return story that compares very favorably to our peers. That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Thank you. First question today will be coming from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JP Morgan. Please proceed with your question.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning.
Martin Lyons: Morning, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Thanks for having me. Just want to start off with MISO long range transmission planning here Tranche 1. Just wondering if there's any way that you could quantify what the opportunity set might be specific to Ameren here? Trying to get a sense for how big that could be in your mind.
Martin Lyons: Yeah. Jeremy, I appreciate the question. Look, as we said in the prepared remarks, we certainly believe we're well-positioned for projects that MISO has outlined that cross through our Missouri and Illinois footprints. But as we sit here today, we don't want to get ahead of the MISO in terms of their overall approval of their projects or the designation of which ones are brownfield or greenfield projects. So, we do expect that when they approve these projects in July, we expect that they will designate which ones are brownfield. They'll indicate which transmission owner has been assigned those projects. So -- and I would just say stay tuned. As I said, in the February call we'll, we expect to have more to discuss on our Q2 earnings call.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. We'll, eagerly await that. And just wanted to see that there's some new development in Missouri as well as it relates to PISA. And just wondering if that comes through, what your thoughts would be there as far as PISA flexibility and how that impacts Ameren's planning.
Martin Lyons: Yeah. Thanks Jeremy. Yeah. We were actually very pleased that yesterday the legislature did pass Senate Bill 745, which was great. That's a bill that really extends the longevity of the smart energy plan, that we have in Missouri. And so, we're very appreciative of the strong support of the legislature with regard to that legislation. And I think it's a recognition that the investments that we've been making in Missouri, have really been producing good benefits for our customers in terms of safety and reliability of the service that we provide. And the fact that, we're really scratching the surface in terms of the investments that we need to replace aging infrastructure and modernize our equipment throughout our Missouri footprint. I think it's also a recognition of the economic development benefits associated with that legislation. We're having a positive impact as we invest on our economies, through the creation of jobs. We concentrate on using Missouri vendors substantially for the things that we procure and the things that we invest in. And there's some great economic development, incentive rates associated with this legislation that help Missouri businesses grow, as well as attract Missouri businesses to the state. So, we're really excited about the legislature passing Senate Bill 745. It now heads to the governor's desk for signature, and we're excited to be able to extend the benefits of the smart energy plan prospectively.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That's helpful. And just one last one, if I could. On a similar note, recent eminent, domain legislation Missouri, could you comment on the implications for Greenbelt, MISO or anything else as far as investment that could be related to Ameren in the state going forward there?
Martin Lyons: Yeah. I think -- I don't think with respect to that legislation, that there are any immediate impacts other than making sure that as we move forward in time to the extent that, there are greenfield transmission projects that -- owners of agricultural properties are compensated fairly for their property. I think that's the primary impact going forward.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. I'll leave it there. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is in the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Dariusz Lozny: Hey, good morning. This is Dariusz for Julien. Thanks for the time. Maybe just on the proposed multi-year rate plans for Illinois Electric. Can you talk a little bit about -- I know it's somewhat early in the process still, but can you maybe discuss a little bit about what type of performance metrics are being considered as you go through that workshop process?
Michael Moehn: Yeah. You bet. Good morning. This is Michael Moehn. I would say things are moving along, just fine there. I think a lot of constructive conversations, workshops, et cetera. There's a number of different paths that are occurring. There's one associated with the performance metrics. I'll give you a few details. There's one around a multi-year grade plan, et cetera. And so, I think they're all moving along, as we sort of anticipated last year and so nothing that we see that's concerning. With respect to the performance metrics themselves, it really is kind of the standard stuff that you would think about from like a reliability standpoint. So, system average, days of disruption, you're looking at customer metrics in terms of customer response time on calls, et cetera. So, kind of standard stuff. Right now, we are advocating for about 24 basis points. So, there's about eight different metrics and ascribing three basis points to each one of those metrics. Everything still should -- it's be on track to conclude here by September of this year, and at that point in time, we'd make the decision. And as we've said before, we see ourselves opting into that and then the multi-year rate plan we need to be filed in January of 2023. Does that help?
Dariusz Lozny: That does help. That's very helpful. Appreciate it. And maybe just one other one on the equity financing, can you -- just want to confirm that the forward agreement that you guys executed for your funding in 2022, that takes off requirements for the full year, other than the drip. And then also the amount under the forward agreement, does -- that's part of the $750 million included under the ATM program? Is that accurate?
Michael Moehn: Yeah. You got both of those correct. So that $300 million that we've sold for, that does take care of the requirements here that we outline in February for 2022. And then that is part of that $750 million. That $750 million should get us through the end of 2023.
Dariusz Lozny: Okay. Great. Thank you for clarifying that. I'll leave it here.
Michael Moehn: You bet.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Shahriar Pourreza: Hey, good morning guys.
Martin Lyons: Good morning, Shar.
Shahriar Pourreza: Good morning. If you could -- I'd like to maybe touch on Illinois. The bill and kind of the reliability backdrop seems to be a little bit noisy amid sort of the year-over-year jump in PRA costs, planned retirements under [indiscernible] 33:15. And just the general concerns that obviously is coming from some of the C&I customers. I guess, how do you sort of see this kind of resolving in the next couple of years, especially as you're looking to go through multi-year rate plans in the interim?
Martin Lyons: Yeah. Sure. There's certainly a lot there. I think, first of all, the backdrop to your question is that recently, we've been seeing higher power prices here in the Midwest. And then, recently as a result of the MISO capacity auction, we also saw capacity prices clear at high prices really at cost of new entry. And those higher costs of power prices as well as the capacity prices then will be borne by our Illinois customers, because we know it's a retail choice state. Typically, what we've seen is that various retail electric suppliers have supplied about 60% to 65% of our customers and then around 30% to 35% have procured their power through us. But when they do, of course, it's really the Illinois power agency that does the procurement of the power and the capacity. And as they've reported, those prices were elevated. And therefore, some of our customers are going to see meaningful increases in their bills starting here in June. So, I think, first of all, concern for our customers. We're trying to make sure that we provide education about the impacts of these higher prices, so that people know what to expect and they can take actions accordingly. And we're also in offering bill assistance where needed as well as, of course, reinforcing the opportunities under our energy efficiency programs, which are robust in the state. And then, some customers obviously will be still taking power through local muni aggregation programs, things of that nature that may actually not see bill increases immediately. But we are certainly concerned about those customers. I think, then, more broadly, I think you say, how does this resolve itself? I think that, first of all, as we go into the summer, there are concerns about just reliability. I would say when you see prices clear at [indiscernible], it's a sign that the resources to supply the load with cushion are tight. So, we expect that MISO will be tight this summer. We expect that the MISO itself that is ultimately responsible for ensuring grid reliability is certainly going to be doing everything they can, working with stakeholders as we head into warm weather situations to ensure that every possible resource available to supply customers. And certainly, we'll be doing all we can as a company, especially when we look at our Missouri energy resources to make sure that they're available and ready to go in the hot weather months. And so, again, I think that's some of the efforts in the short0term. In the long-term, we'll see how this plays out. I mean, with capacity prices, clearing account, it's a clear signal to the market that more is needed in terms of dispatchable energy resources to meet our load. And we'll have to see how all of that plays out. And we'll be working with stakeholders as appropriate throughout all of that to help mitigate that situation in the long-term. As a result -- as it relates to our multi-year rate plan, as Michael said, we're sort of marching towards a filing here in January related to that multi-year rate plan. That then, the Illinois Commerce Commission would rule on towards the end of 2022 with implementation -- or excuse me -- end of 2023 with implementation in 2024. As I said on the prepared remarks, we still have significant aging infrastructure in Illinois. The investments that we're making are producing improved reliability for our customers, ensuring we provide safe and reliable service. And I think, even what we're seeing in terms of the tight market situation in Illinois, an appropriate backdrop for continued investment in infrastructure, both transmission, as well as distribution infrastructure. So, we still see the need for the investments that we're making in Illinois and don't see any impact right now on the multi-year rate plan filing itself and moving forward with that from the backdrop that we discussed.
Shahriar Pourreza: Got it. That's perfect. And then, lastly for me. Obviously, you have the opportunity to earn on some of your generation length in MISO and flow that back to Missouri customers. Are you seeing that today? And any sort of quantification of the potential benefit to customers there?
Martin Lyons: No real quantification of the benefits. You're right. In Missouri, right now, have length in terms of our generation profile. And to the extent that power prices are elevated provides an opportunity for us to enhanced margins and all of those margins -- 95% of them flow back to our customers in the form of reduced rates. So, no quantification of that right now, but you're right in terms of your thoughts on how that works.
Shahriar Pourreza: Okay. Terrific. Thanks guys. I stop there. Appreciate it.
Martin Lyons: Thank you.
Operator: The next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question. 
Paul Patterson: Hey. Good morning.
Martin Lyons: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson: So, congratulations on the -- on getting the piece of stuff over the goal line. And just a follow-up on Shar's question on Illinois. You say that it doesn't have an impact on what your -- the company's outlook on the needs for your plans. But I'm wondering does the concerns -- at least I've been seeing by the Illinois legislators and I assume perhaps others in Illinois, does it lead to perhaps a better -- a more receptive attitude perhaps to -- or more of a buy-in what you've been proposing on the part of policymakers perhaps in Illinois? Or do you think it's pretty much the same situation we're just sort of seeing. I don't know, sort of legislative drama, if you follow what I'm saying?
Martin Lyons: Yeah. Paul, it's hard to say at this point. I would say it's premature to conclude one way or another. I think what we're seeing right now is folks really digesting the news in terms of the power -- higher power and capacity prices. And what that means in terms of its implications for policy going forward, we will -- we'll see -- I think it's premature.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then, with respect to just the Greenbelt legislation, it sounds like this is probably going to enable Greenbelt to get built. And I'm wondering if Greenbelt -- how -- a transmission project like that or others might impact your plans for infrastructure development, if you have a big line like coming into crossing your area -- what have you?
Martin Lyons: Well, with respect to Greenbelt, obviously, that's a project that's been underway for quite some time and has been progressing, and we had certainly anticipated that. One of the things that we've talked about in the past is last year -- or I should say in the fall 2020 when we filed our integrated resource plan, one of the things we did is assess the potential to utilize some of that capacity and wind in Kansas to meet some of our renewable goals and as part of our integrated resource plan. So, I think the biggest thing for us, Paul, is we think about that project -- when we think about the update to our integrated resource plan that we'll be filing in June, it's just the continuing optionality associated with that resource -- or those resources in potentially fulfilling the needs of our integrated resource plan. So, that's something that we will continue to assess as we move forward.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Thanks so much. And have a good weekend.
Martin Lyons: Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Anthony Crowdell with Mizuho. Please proceed with your question.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey, good morning, Marty. Good morning, Mike.
Martin Lyons: Good morning.
Anthony Crowdell: Hey, like the Blues, I don't think they tie it up here. So, I'm rooting for them until they meet the Rangers. But just hopefully, two quick questions, I guess. One, if I think about Missouri and Illinois, both right first refusal states. And if the transmission lines are greenfield, does that mean they are competitively bid? Or maybe just wondering what's the distinction you're making between brownfield and greenfield?
Martin Lyons: Well, I think you've generally got it. Missouri and Illinois though are not right of first refusal states, which is why that distinction between brownfield and greenfield is important. So, if it's a brownfield, which generally you should think of as new transmission on existing right of way, that -- we would then expect to be assigned to us as a transmission owner. And then, the question will be, are there segments of projects that are greenfield, which might be subject to competitive bidding. And that's what we'll wait to see as it comes out of the MISO's July approval of these projects.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. And then, just another follow-up here. Moving to Illinois -- and I guess, maybe 30-year treasury. I think, right now, it's about 90 basis points above expectation, I think, for the year where you guys had thought was going to be. I calculate that as kind of like a $0.07 tailwind. I guess, are there any headwinds I think about that maybe could potentially offset that benefit when I'm thinking about the year? Or is maybe my number's wrong on from where the expectation was of the 30-year versus where it's at now?
Michael Moehn: Yeah. And no -- look, you got the estimate right. I mean, we -- in February, we estimated 2.25. Now you got to remember, it's an average over the course of the year. So, I think it averaged about 2.25 over the first quarter. So, just keep that in mind. But look, it's in a good spot. I think what we indicated in our guidance for the remainder of the year, we're assuming it averages about 2.7. So, if you average that with the first quarter that would be around 2.9 or so. So, you're right, it's certainly elevated relative to that, if you think about it. In terms of things that could offset it. Obviously, along with that comes some increased financing costs that we've been incurring a little bit on some of the short-term debt other things. But look, it's a good tailwind to have at this point. There's still a lot of the year left. We got a lot of execution to do. We're going to stay focused on it. We don't want to get ahead of ourselves.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks for taking my questions and congrats on a good quarter.
Michael Moehn: Thank you.
Martin Lyons: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. And I'll turn the floor back to Mr. Lyons for closing comments.
Martin Lyons: Yeah. Thank you all for joining us today. We're really pleased. We had a strong start to 2022. And we certainly, as Michael said, remain focused on continuing to deliver throughout the year for our customers, our communities and our shareholders. I'd like to invite all of you to attend our Annual Shareholder Meeting, which is being held on May 12th, and we look forward to seeing many of you at the AGA Financial Forum in the next couple of weeks. So, with that, thank you all, and have a great day.
Operator: This will conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q4  (2022-02-18 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Ameren Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded.  It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Andrew Kirk, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you. Mr. Kirk, you may begin.
Andrew Kirk: Thank you, and good morning. On the call with me today are Warner Baxter, our Executive Chairman; Marty Lyons, our President, Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Moehn, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; as well as other members of the Ameren management team joining us remotely.  Warner will begin with a business overview. He will be followed by Marty, who will provide a strategic and business update for 2022 and beyond. And Michael will wrap up our prepared remarks with a discussion of key financial matters, including our earnings guidance. Then we will open the call for questions.  Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on the amereninvestors.com homepage that will be referenced by our speakers.  As noted on Page 2 of the presentation, comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, strategies, targets, estimates, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the forward-looking statements section in the news release we issued yesterday and the forward-looking statements and Risk Factors sections in our filings with the SEC. Lastly, all per share earnings amounts discussed during today's presentation, including earnings guidance, are presented on a diluted basis, unless otherwise noted.  Now here's Warner, who will start on Page 4.
Warner Baxter: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. To begin, I'd like to remind everyone that effective January 1 of this year, I became Executive Chairman of Ameren, Marty Lyons became President and CEO. Our transition to this new forward-thinking leadership structure is going very well. In light of the significant activities taking place in our industry, this new structure is enabling me to focus on key energy and economic policy matters and working with Marty on key strategic initiatives. At the same time, Marty has hit the ground running, leading the Ameren team in overall strategy development and execution, as well as managing the significant day-to-day operational and other responsibilities of the CEO.  Our industry is transforming and millions of customers in Missouri and Illinois are depending on us to achieve our vision, leading the way to a sustainable energy future and our mission to power the quality of life. Each year provides a new set of opportunities and challenges, but one thing that remains constant in Ameren is our strong commitment to safely deliver reliable, cleaner and affordable electric and natural gas service.  Our team continues to effectively execute our strategic plan across all of our businesses. including safely and successfully completing billions of dollars of value-adding projects for our customers; advocating for constructive federal and state energy policies and regulatory outcomes; leaning further forward on our digital transformation; and pursuing a wide range of sustainability goals. Simply put, continued strong execution of our strategic plan is delivering significant value to our customers, communities, shareholders and the environment, which brings me to a discussion of our 2021 performance.  Yesterday, we announced 2021 earnings of $3.84 per share compared to earnings of $3.50 per share in 2020 or an increase of nearly 10%. Excluding the impact from weather, 2021 normalized earnings were $3.82 per share or an increase of approximately 8% from 2020's weather-normalized earnings of $3.54 per share. We made significant investments in energy infrastructure in 2021 and that resulted in a more reliable, resilient, secure and cleaner energy grid as well as contributed to strong rate base growth at all of our business segments.  As outlined on this page, we also achieved several constructive regulatory and legislative outcomes that will facilitate additional infrastructure investments while keeping our customers' rates affordable. This strong execution of our strategy in 2021 will continue to drive significant long-term value for all of our stakeholders.  Turning to Page 5. As you can see on this page, our laser focus on keeping our customers at the center of our strategy has delivered strong results for our customers. Our investments in infrastructure have resulted in top quartile reliability, affordability and customer satisfaction. The frequency of outages on our system continues to trend downward, resulting from our infrastructure investments, coupled with a focus on innovation and continuous improvement. Our disciplined cost management has helped drive our electric rates approximately 25% below Midwest and national averages. And I'm extremely proud to say that J.D. Power recently ranked Ameren Illinois #1 in residential customer satisfaction in the Midwest, among large electric utility providers, with Ameren Missouri ranking third.  Further, we have continued to deliver superior value to our shareholders, as you can see on Page 6. Our weather-normalized core earnings per share have risen 84% and an approximate 8% compound annual growth rate since we exited our unregulated generation business in 2013, while our dividends paid per share have increased approximately 38% over the same time period. This has driven a strong total return of nearly 220% for our shareholders from 2013 to 2021, which was significantly above our utility peer average.  I'm very pleased with our past performance. You can rest assured that our team will remain focused on enhancing performance in 2022 and in the years ahead so that we can continue to deliver superior value to our customers, communities and shareholders.  Turning to Page 7. This page summarizes our strong sustainability value proposition and focus on environmental, social, governance and sustainable growth goals. Beginning with environmental stewardship, in September 2020, Ameren announced its transformational plan to achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2050 across all of our operations in Missouri and Illinois. This plan includes interim carbon emission reduction targets of 50% and 85% below 2005 levels by 2030 and 2040, respectively, which is consistent with the objectives of the Paris Agreement in limiting global temperature rise to 1.5 degrees Celsius. We plan to file an update to the 2020 Integrated Resource Plan in the first half of this year, which Marty will discuss a bit later.  In 2021, we acquired the 300-megawatt Atchison Renewable Energy Center located in Northwest Missouri, our second wind generation investment. This acquisition is a significant step forward, along the path to meeting our clean energy goals. We also have a strong long-term commitment to our customers and communities to be socially responsible and economically impactful. This slide highlights a few of the many things we are doing for our customers and communities, including being an industry leader in diversity, equity and inclusion. We were honored to be recognized again by DiversityInc as one of the top utilities in 2021, in addition to a top company for ESG. And we continue to help drive inclusive economic growth by spending approximately $900 million with diverse suppliers in 2021, an 11% increase over 2020.  Further, our strong corporate governance is led by a diverse Board of Directors focused on strong oversight that's aligned with ESG matters. And our executive compensation practices include performance metrics that are tied to diversity, equity and inclusion and progress towards a cleaner energy future.  Finally, this slide summarizes our very strong sustainable growth proposition, which remains among the best in the industry. Today, we published our updated ESG investor presentation called Leading the Way to a Sustainable Energy Future, available at amereninvestors.com. This presentation demonstrates how we have been effectively integrating our focus on environmental, social, governance and sustainability matters into our corporate strategy. I encourage you to take some time to read more about our strong sustainability value proposition.  As noted previously, as part of my new role of Executive Chairman, I will focus on key energy and economic policy matters, including through my leadership roles at the Edison Electric Institute and the Electric Power Research Institute as well as engaging with key stakeholders. Speaking of key energy and economic policy matters, we continue to strongly support and advocate for a robust federal clean energy tax package. In particular, we support clean energy transition tax incentives, including wind, solar and nuclear production tax credits, electric vehicle tax credits, transmission and storage investment tax credits as well as direct pay and normalization opt-out provisions. We strongly believe these forward-thinking policies to address climate change will advance the clean energy transition in a safe, reliable and affordable fashion and will deliver significant long-term benefits for our customers, communities and country. We will continue to work with key stakeholders, along with our industry colleagues to advance constructive federal energy and economic policies.  In closing, our team has accomplished a great deal over the last several years. Their relentless commitment to our vision, mission and strategy has delivered strong value to our customers, communities and shareholders. Looking ahead, I'm even more excited about our future because I believe these efforts have positioned Ameren very well to deliver superior value over many years to come.  Now here is Marty to tell you how our team will keep delivering under this strategy in the future.
Martin Lyons: Thanks, Warner. Before I jump into the details, I would like to extend my appreciation to all of my coworkers for their dedication in 2021. Our accomplishments during the year are a result of their hard work and focus on executing our strategy, which has been delivering significant long-term value for all of our stakeholders. Going forward, our strategy remains the same, which is to invest in and operate our utilities in a manner consistent with existing regulatory frameworks, enhance regulatory frameworks, advocate for responsible energy and economic policies, and create and capitalize on opportunities for investment for the benefit of our customers, shareholders and the environment.  As Chief Executive Officer, my focus is to drive continuous improvement as we execute our strategy and take Ameren to higher heights.  Moving now to Page 9. Yesterday afternoon, we announced that we expect our 2022 earnings to be in a range of $3.95 to $4.15 per share. Based on the midpoint of the range, this represents 8% earnings per share growth compared to the midpoint of our initial 2021 guidance range. Michael will provide you with more details on our 2022 guidance a bit later.  Building on the strong execution of our strategy and our robust earnings growth over the past several years, we continue to expect to deliver long-term earnings growth that is among the best in the industry. We expect to deliver 6% to 8% compound annual earnings per share growth from 2022 through 2026 using the midpoint of our 2022 guidance, $4.05 per share as the base. Our long-term earnings growth will be driven by continued execution of our strategy, including investing in infrastructure for the benefit of our customers while keeping rates affordable.  Our dividend is another important element of our strong total shareholder return. I am pleased to report that last week, Ameren's Board of Directors approved a quarterly dividend increase of 7.3%, resulting in an annualized dividend rate of $2.36 per share. This increase reflects confidence by Ameren's Board of Directors in the outlook for our businesses and management's ability to execute its strategy for the long-term benefit of our customers and shareholders. Looking ahead, we expect Ameren's future dividend growth to be in line with our long-term earnings per share growth expectations and within a payout ratio range of 55% to 70%. And while I'm very pleased with our past performance, we are not sitting back and taking a breath.  Turning to Page 10. The first pillar of our strategy stresses investing in and operating our utilities in a manner consistent with existing regulatory frameworks. The strong long-term earnings growth I just discussed is primarily driven by our rate base growth plan. Today, we are rolling forward our 5-year investment plan. And as you can see, we expect to grow our rate base at an approximate 7% compound annual rate for the 2021 through 2026 period. This growth is driven by our robust capital plan of approximately $17 billion over the next 5 years that will deliver significant value to our customers and the communities we serve.  Our plan includes strategically allocating capital to all 4 of our business segments. Importantly, renewable generation and regionally beneficial transmission represent additional investment opportunities. We expect to file an update to our 2020 Missouri Integrated Resource Plan in the first half of this year, in light of the accelerated retirement of our Rush Island Energy Center. This filing will include a comprehensive set of updated assumptions, taking into account MISO's long-range transmission planning process and potential legislative and regulatory developments at the federal level among other things.  This updated planning process is underway, and we fully expect it to underscore the need for expansion of our renewable generation portfolio and transmission investment. We continue to work in earnest with developers to acquire renewable generation projects to be completed in 2024 through 2026, as evidenced by the announcement earlier this week of an agreement to acquire a 150-megawatt solar energy project. We expect to announce further agreements over the course of this year and to file certificates of convenience and necessity, or CCNs, with the Missouri PSC after the updates to the 2020 IRP have been filed.  Finally, we remain focused on disciplined cost management to keep rates affordable and improve earned returns in all of our businesses.  Moving to Page 11. As we look to the future, our 5-year plan is not only focused on delivering strong results through 2026, but it is also designed to position Ameren for success over the next decade and beyond. We believe that a safe, reliable, resilient, secure and cleaner energy grid will be increasingly important and bring even greater value to our customers, our communities and shareholders. With this long-term view in mind, we are making investments that will position Ameren to provide safe and reliable electric and natural gas service but also to meet our customers' future energy needs and rising expectations and support our transition to a cleaner energy future.  The right side of this page shows that our allocation of capital is expected to grow our electric and natural gas energy delivery investments to be 84% of our rate base and coal-fired generation to decline to just 6% of rate base by the end of 2026. Only 4% of the capital expenditures in our 5-year plan are expected to be spent on coal-related projects. Importantly, our 5-year plan does not reflect the expected early retirement of the Rush Island Energy Center or investment opportunities associated with renewable generation and regionally beneficial transmission projects. The bottom line is that we are taking steps today across the board to position Ameren for success in 2022 and beyond.  Turning now to Page 12. Looking ahead over the next decade, we have a robust pipeline of investment opportunities of over $45 billion that will deliver significant value to all of our stakeholders by making our energy grid stronger, smarter and cleaner. Of course, our investment opportunities will not only create a stronger, smarter and cleaner energy grid to meet our customers' needs and exceed their expectations, but they will also create thousands of jobs for our local economies. Maintaining constructive energy policies that support robust investment in energy infrastructure and a transition to a cleaner future in a responsible fashion will be critical to meeting our country's energy needs in the future and delivering on our customers' expectations.  Moving now to Page 13. As we have discussed with you in the past, MISO completed a study outlining the potential road map of transmission projects through 2039. Taking into consideration the rapidly evolving generation mix that includes significant additions of renewable generation, based on announced utility integrated resource plans, state mandates and goals for clean energy or carbon emission reductions, among other things. Under MISO's Future 1 scenario, which is the scenario that resulted in an approximate 60% carbon emissions reduction below 2005 levels by 2039, MISO estimates approximately $30 billion of future transmission investment would be necessary in the MISO footprint. Under its Future 3 scenario, which resulted in an 80% reduction in carbon emissions below 2005 levels by 2039, MISO estimates approximately $100 billion of transmission investment in the MISO footprint would be needed. It is clear that investment in transmission is going to play a critical role in the energy transition. And we are well positioned to plan and execute potential projects in the future for the benefit of our customers and country.  I am pleased to report that in January, MISO transmission owners and MISO reached an agreement on a revision to the cost allocation for certain of these important regional transmission projects. The cost allocation tariff revisions were submitted to FERC for approval on February 4. The revisions allow for allocation of project costs within the subregion where the benefits are recognized. Previous regional benefit project costs have been spread broadly across the MISO region, which was prior to the addition of the MISO South subregion. Comments are due by March 7. MISO and MISO transmission owners have requested an effective date of May 19, 2022. We continue to work with MISO and other key stakeholders and believe certain projects outlined in Future 1 are likely to be included in this year's MISO transmission planning process, which is expected to be completed in mid-2022.  Turning now to Page 14 and an update on our Rush Island Energy Center. As you may recall, in 2011, the Department of Justice, on behalf of the EPA, filed a complaint against Ameren Missouri, alleging that in performing certain projects at the Rush Island Energy Center, it violated the New Source Review provisions of the Clean Air Act. In 2017, the District Court issued a liability ruling and in September 2019, ordered the installation of pollution control equipment at the Rush Island Energy Center. In November, the U.S. Court of Appeals denied Ameren Missouri's request for reconsideration of its decision affirming the District Court's order that requires installation of a scrubber at Rush Island Energy Center in order to continue operations. Subsequently, Ameren Missouri announced its intention to retire the energy center in lieu of installing a scrubber and requested a modification from the District Court of its previous order to allow for plant closure, along with time to address any reliability issues.  Ameren Missouri expects to make an Attachment Y filing soon, formally notifying MISO of its intention to retire the Rush Island Energy Center. MISO will then conduct a reliability assessment. A preliminary study completed by MISO in January of 2022, indicated that in advance of retirement, transmission upgrades and additional voltage support are needed on the transmission system to ensure reliability. The preliminary MISO reliability study was filed with the District Court, which is under no deadline to issue an order regarding our request to modify the September 2019 remedy order. As stated earlier, in light of these developments, Ameren Missouri expects to file an update to the Integrated Resource Plan with the Missouri PSC in the first half of 2022, which will reflect the expected accelerated retirement date of the Rush Island Energy Center. Such filing will also reflect the expected use of securitization in order to recover the remaining investment in Rush Island.  Lastly, this week at the Missouri PSC staff's request, the commission directed them to review various matters associated with our plans to retire Rush Island. Overall, we understand the desire of the commission and staff to develop a deeper understanding of our decision to accelerate closure of Rush Island and related system reliability considerations. We welcome the review and believe it will be good for the commission and staff as well as all stakeholders to have a deeper understanding of this matter. From our standpoint, it should also help to inform future rate review, IRP and securitization proceedings.  Before leaving this slide, I would also like to provide some insight on recent findings proposed by the EPA related to our Sioux and Meramec Energy Center impoundments. Last month, Ameren Missouri received notice of an interim decision by the EPA that has rejected Ameren Missouri's request to extend the time line for operating certain impoundments located at the Sioux and Meramec energy centers until a replacement pond could be built at Sioux and in the case of Meramec, the energy center retires, which is expected later this year. We are pursuing options to address the EPA decision and at this time, do not expect any significant impacts on operations. Meramec will close as planned by the end of 2022.  Moving to Page 15 to the second pillar of our strategy, enhancing regulatory frameworks and advocating for responsible energy and economic policies. Over the years, we have been successful in executing this element of our strategy by focusing on delivering value to our customers through investments in energy infrastructure and extensive collaboration with key stakeholders in all of our regulatory jurisdictions. I am very pleased to report progress continued last year when the Illinois energy transition legislation was enacted. This is a constructive law that addresses the key objectives, and we felt were important for our customers and the communities we serve. The law established a new forward-thinking regulatory framework that will enable us to continue to make important infrastructure investments to enhance the reliability and resiliency of the energy grid as well as enable us to invest in 2 solar or solar plus battery storage pilot projects. It will also give us the ability to earn fair returns on these investments.  The Illinois energy law allows for an electric utility to opt in to a multiyear rate plan effective for 4 years beginning in 2024. We are currently working with key stakeholders through various workshops, which will continue over the course of 2022 to establish specific procedures, including performance metrics to implement this legislation. We expect performance metrics to be approved by the ICC by late September. Subject to finalizing key aspects of this rate-making framework, we anticipate filing a multiyear rate plan by January 20, 2023.  Moving to Missouri legislative matters, a key piece of legislation was filed for consideration in this year's session. Bills have been introduced in both the House and the Senate to enhance the Smart Energy Plan legislation enacted in 2018. As part of Missouri's Smart Energy Plan, a multiyear effort to strengthen the grid, our customers are benefiting from stronger poles, more resilient power lines, smart equipment and upgraded circuits to better withstand severe weather events and restore power more quickly. The proposed legislation would enhance and extend the existing regulatory framework. It would modify the rate cap from the current 2.85% compound annual all-in cap on growth in customer rates, to a 2.5% average annual cap on rates on rate impacts of PISA deferrals. In addition, the proposed legislation would expand and extend economic development incentives as well as remove the sunset date.  With all of this in mind, we are focused on working with key stakeholders to get this important legislation passed this year.  Moving to Page 16. Over the last several years, we have worked hard to enhance the regulatory frameworks in both Missouri and Illinois to help drive additional infrastructure investments that will benefit customers and shareholders. At the same time, we have been very focused on disciplined cost management to keep rates affordable. Since opting into constructive regulatory frameworks, significant investments have been made, reliability has improved, rates have remained relatively flat, customer satisfaction has increased and thousands of jobs have been created. While these are great wins for our customers and communities, we are not done.  Turning to Page 17. As you can see from this chart, our total fuel and purchase power and operations and maintenance expenses have decreased 3% compared to 2016 levels. And we will remain relentlessly focused on continuous improvement and disciplined cost management as we look forward to the next 5 years. This will not only include continuing the robust cost management initiatives implemented over the past 2 years due to COVID-19, but also several other customer affordability initiatives. These initiatives include the automation and optimization of our processes, including leveraging the benefits from significant past and future investments in digital technologies and grid modernization.  Moving to Page 18. To sum up our value proposition, we remain firmly convinced that the execution of our strategy in 2022 and beyond will continue to deliver superior value to our customers, shareholders and the environment. We believe our expectation of 6% to 8% compound annual earnings growth from 2022 through 2026, driven by strong rate base growth, compares very favorably with our regulated utility peers. I am confident in our ability to execute our customer-focused strategy and investment plans across all 4 of our business segments as we have an experienced and dedicated team with a track record of execution that has positioned us well for future success. Further, our shares continue to offer investors an attractive dividend. And the strong earnings growth expectations we outlined today position us well for future dividend growth. Simply put, we believe our strong earnings and dividend growth outlook result in a very attractive total return opportunity for shareholders.  Finally, turning to Page 19. I would like to take the opportunity to introduce to you Ameren Missouri's new Chairman and President, Mark Birk. Over the last 2 years, I was fortunate to have the opportunity to lead the Ameren Missouri organization and work closely with Mark. Mark has been an invaluable part of the Ameren team over the last 35 years. Prior to his new role, Mark served as Ameren Missouri's Senior Vice President of Customer and Power Operations. And over the course of his career, he has held numerous corporate and operations roles, including oversight of strategy and planning, business risk management, safety, nuclear operations as well as a host of electric and natural gas operational areas. I look forward to working with Mark in the future in our new roles.  Again, thank you all for joining us today. And I will now turn the call over to Michael.
Michael Moehn: Thanks, Marty, and good morning, everyone. Turning now to Page 21 of our presentation. Yesterday, we reported 2021 earnings of $3.84 per share compared to earnings of $3.50 per share in 2020, an increase of 9.7%. Earnings in Ameren Missouri, our largest segment, increased $0.25 per share from $1.77 per share in 2020 to $2.02 per share in 2021. Increased investments in infrastructure and wind generation, eligible for plant and service accounting and the Renewable Energy Standard Rate Adjustment Mechanism, or RESRAM, positively impacted earnings by $0.21 per share. Higher electric retail sales also increased earnings by approximately $0.16 per share, largely due to continued economic recovery in 2021 compared to unfavorable impacts of COVID-19 in the year ago period.  We've included on this page the year-over-year weather-normalized sales variances. Total weather-normalized sales in 2021 were largely consistent with our expectations outlined on our call last February. New electric service rates effective April 1, 2020, also increased earnings during 2021 by approximately $0.10 per share compared to the year ago period. Finally, these favorable factors were partially offset by higher operations and maintenance expenses, which decreased earnings $0.12 per share, primarily due to the amortization of deferred expenses related to the fall 2020 Callaway Energy Center scheduled refueling and maintenance outage.  Moving to Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution, earnings increased $0.06 per share, which reflected increased infrastructure and energy efficiency investments and a higher allowed return on equity under performance-based ratemaking. The formula base return on equity was 7.85% in 2021 compared to 7.4% in 2020 as it was applied to -- and was applied to a year-end rate base. The 2021 ROE was based on the 2021 average 30-year treasury yield of 2.05%, up from the 2020 average of approximately 1.6%. Ameren Transmission earnings were up $0.02 per share, which reflected increased infrastructure investments that were mostly offset by the absence of the benefit from the May 2020 FERC order addressing the MISO allowed base return on equity and the impact of the March 2021 FERC quarter addressing the historical recovery of materials and supplies inventories.  Earnings for Ameren Illinois Natural Gas were up $0.02 per share, which reflected new delivery service rates effective in late January 2021 and increased infrastructure investments, partially offset by higher other operations and maintenance expenses. Ameren Parent and other results were down $0.01 per share, which reflected increased interest expense, primarily from higher long-term debt balances. And finally, earnings per share and earnings per share drivers on this page are computed using 2020 weighted average shares outstanding. The higher shares outstanding in 2021 reduced overall earnings by $0.15 per share.  Before moving on, I'll touch on 2021 sales trends for Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution. Weather-normalized kilowatt hour sales to Illinois residential customers were flat year-over-year and weather-normalized kilowatt hour sales to Illinois commercial and industrial customers increased 3% and 3.5%, respectively. Recall that changes in electric sales in Illinois, no matter the cause, do not affect our earnings since we have full revenue decoupling.  Moving to Page 22 of the presentation. Here, we provide an overview of the $17.3 billion of strategically allocated planned expenditures for the 2022 through 2026 period by business segment that underlies the approximately 7% projected rate base growth Marty discussed earlier. This plan includes an incremental $200 million compared to the $17.1 billion 5-year plan for 2021 through 2025 that was laid out last February, which included the $500 million wind investment completed in 2021. As you can see on the right side of this page, we are allocating capital consistent with the allowed return on equity under each regulatory framework. Importantly, as Marty mentioned earlier, renewable generation and regionally beneficial transmission represent additional investment opportunities.  Turning to Page 23. We outlined here the expected funding sources for the infrastructure investments noted on the prior page. We expect continued growth in cash from operations as investments are reflected in customer rates. We also expect to generate significant tax deferrals. These tax deferrals are driven primarily by the timing differences between financial statement depreciation reflected in customer rates and accelerated depreciation for tax purposes. From a financing perspective, we expect to continue to issue long-term debt in Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois to fund a portion of our cash requirements.  Pursuant to a November 2021 note purchase agreement, we will issue $95 million of ATXI debt in August 2022. We also plan to continue to use newly-issued shares for our dividend reinvestment and employee benefit plans over the 5-year guidance period. We expect this to provide equity funding of approximately $100 million annually. In order for us to maintain a strong balance sheet while we fund our robust infrastructure plan, we expect incremental equity issuances of approximately $300 million each year starting in 2022 through 2026. Approximately $95 million of equity outlined for 2022 was sold on a forward basis under our at-the-market equity distribution program, leaving approximately $200 million to be sold for the remainder of 2022. Together, issuance of our 401(k), DRPlus and ATM equity programs are expected to support our equity needs through 2023. All of these actions are expected to enable us to support a consolidated capitalization target of approximately 45% equity over the 5-year plan.  Moving to Page 24 of our presentation. I would now like to discuss key drivers impacting our 2022 earnings guidance. As Marty stated, we expect 2022 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $3.95 to $4.15 per share. On this page and the next, we have listed key earnings drivers and assumptions behind our 2022 earnings guidance, broken down by segment as compared to the 2021 results.  Beginning with Ameren Missouri, earnings are expected to rise in 2022. New electric service rates will be effective February 28, the 2022 earnings comparison is also expected to be favorably impacted by higher investments in infrastructure and wind generation that's eligible for PISA and RESRAM, which benefits earnings in January and February until rates are reset. We also expect to recognize earnings related to energy efficiency performance incentives from both 2021 and 2022 planned years in 2022. As a result, we expect energy efficiency performance incentives to be approximately $0.04 per share higher than 2021. These favorable factors are expected to be partially offset by higher operations and maintenance and interest expenses.  Further, we expect the return to normal weather in 2022 will be decreasing Ameren Missouri earnings by approximately $0.02 compared to 2021 results. We also expect higher total weather-normalized electric sales of approximately 1% in 2022 compared to 2021, as residential sales decline and commercial sales continue to increase. We expect total weather-normalized sales to return to 2019 levels by mid-2022, with this year's growth expected to be primarily over the second half of the year. Moving on, earnings from our FERC-regulated electric transmission activities are expected to benefit from additional investments in Ameren Illinois and ATXI projects made under forward-looking formula ratemaking. The absence of the March 2021 FERC order on historical recovery of materials and supplies is also expected to increase earnings $0.03 per share.  Turning to Page 25. For Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution, earnings are expected to benefit in 2022 compared to 2021 from additional infrastructure investments made under Illinois performance-based rate making. Our guidance incorporates a performance-based ROE of 8.05% using a forecasted 2.25% 2022 average yield for the 30-year treasury bond, which is higher than the allowed ROE of 7.85% in 2021. The allowed ROE is applied to year-end rate base. For Ameren Illinois Natural Gas, earnings will benefit from higher delivery service rates that were effective late January 2021 as well as from infrastructure investments qualifying for rider treatment. These favorable factors are expected to be partially offset by higher operations and maintenance and depreciation and amortization expenses.  Moving now to Ameren-wide drivers and assumptions. We expect the increased common shares outstanding to unfavorably impact earnings per share by $0.04 and higher interest expense, primarily from higher long-term debt balances. Of course, in 2022, we will seek to manage all of our businesses to earn as close to our allowed returns as possible while being mindful of operating and other business needs.  I'd also like to take a moment to discuss our retail electric sales outlook. We expect the weather-normalized Missouri kilowatt-hour sales to be in the range of flat to up approximately 0.5% compounded annually over the 5-year plan, excluding the effects of our MEEIA energy efficiency plan using 2022 as the base year. We exclude MEEIA effects because the plan provides rate recovery to ensure that earnings are not affected by reduced electric sales resulting from our energy efficiency efforts.  Turning to Illinois. We expect our weather-normalized kilowatt-hour sales, including energy efficiency, to be relatively flat over the 5-year plan.  Turning to Page 26 and regulatory matters. In December, the PSC approved a nonunanimous stipulation agreement that resolved both the electric and natural gas rate reuse for Ameren Missouri. The agreements were black box settlements, which did not provide for certain specific details of the final orders. In both rate reviews, an allowed ROE was not specified but did provide for approximately 52% equity ratio for use in calculating PISA and RESRAM. The electric revenue requirement increased by $220 million annually, reflecting a rate base of $10.2 billion.  The approved agreement also provided for the continuation of key trackers and riders, including the fuel adjustment clause. The natural gas revenue requirement was increased by $5 million annually, reflecting a $313 million rate base. Both electric and natural gas rate changes are effective at the end of this month. Looking ahead, we will continue to assess the timing of our next rate review.  In making this decision, we will take into account several considerations, including our capital expenditures and other cost of service considerations as well as updates to the Integrated Resource Plan expected to be filed in the first half of this year, reflecting the accelerated retirement of the Rush Island Energy Center and timing of our expected securitization filing.  Regarding Ameren Illinois regulatory matters, in December, the ICC approved a $58 million base electric distribution rate increase in the annual rate update proceeding with new rates that were effective at the beginning of this year. Finally, turning to Page 27. We have a strong team and are well positioned to continue executing our plan. We delivered strong earnings growth in 2021, and we expect to deliver strong earnings growth in 2022 as we continue to successfully execute our strategy. And as we look ahead, we expect 6% to 8% compound earnings per share growth from 2022 to 2026, driven by robust rate base growth and disciplined cost management. Further, we believe this growth will compare favorably with the growth of our regulated utility peers. And Ameren shares continue to offer investors an attractive dividend. In total, we have an attractive total shareholder return story that compares very favorably to our peers.  That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners.
Shahriar Pourreza: Just a couple of quick questions here. First, just on supply chain. Are you seeing any impacts on the renewable side, especially as we think about the 2.4 gigs? I mean we've seen a few of your peers shift megawatts out either from panel shortages or other sort of supply chain disruptions. Any thoughts here? Any materials locked in or procured? And if this isn't transitory, since you guys are essentially swapping megawatts for megawatts as we think about renewables versus coal, could any project delays cause an impact to sort of the coal retirement time lines, especially as we're thinking about Sioux?
Martin Lyons: Shar, yes, this is Marty. Let me take that one on supply chain as it relates renewables and then perhaps Michael can comment on supply chain or issues more broadly. First of all, I'd say that as we went through last year, we had hoped by the end of the year to have announced some renewable projects. As you saw, we just announced one this week, which we're excited about. I would say it's a start in terms of the renewal projects that we hope to get announced and delivered in the '24 to 2026 time frame. But to your point, some of the negotiations last fall and into the winter were, I would just say, slowed by supply chain issues, tariff issues, some of the inflationary pressure seen in the renewable space, which simply meant that it was taking a little longer to work through some of the contractual negotiations. But we're able to get that first project announced. We are still expecting this year to announce other projects. And we'll see whether these things are transitory or not. But again, some of the bigger bulk of the projects we're trying to get done are out there in that '24 to 2026 time frame. So certainly, time for some of those issues to settle down. Ultimately, whether that has any impact on longer term, our scheduled coal retirement at Sioux will remain to be seen. As you know, especially in light of the accelerated closure of Rush Island, we plan to update our Integrated Resource Plan in the first half of this year. And so as we do that, we'll be taking into consideration some of the observations -- more recent observations we have on the renewable market, the timing of expected projects there as well as just the other -- the broader dynamics associated with reliability of our system long term and providing updates in there. So it would really be premature to say whether there's any impact on the retirement date of Sioux. But again, we're continuing to work with developers on these renewable projects and do expect to have further announcements this year. As I did indicate in the prepared remarks, to the extent that we have additional projects to be approved by the commission, we anticipate filing those CCNs after we file the update to the Integrated Resource Plan because that Integrated Resource Plan provides a good backdrop for the commission to consider the approval of those CCNs. Michael, any other comments broadly on supply chain?
Michael Moehn: Marty, no, that was pretty comprehensive. Nothing material to add to that answer. Shar, do you have something else?
Shahriar Pourreza: Yes, terrific. And then just one last one. I know this is maybe a little bit of a perennial topic at this point, but any thoughts on sort of the potential end of QIP in Illinois? I mean it seems like efforts to eliminate it are getting a little bit noisy again, but it's also scheduled to expire in '23. Could we see it extended? Would it change one way or another have any impact on your updated plan to invest about $1.8 billion between now and '26?
Martin Lyons: Yes, Shar. A terrific question. You know that the QIP in the gas business in Illinois has been really, I think, a terrific rider for the benefit of customers. It's really allowed us to do a lot of projects in Illinois, as much as 50% of our capital expenditures, replacing underground pipes, et cetera, to improve the safety and reliability of our gas system. So it's been a good rider. Certainly can't predict whether any legislative effort to end it prematurely will be successful or not. As you said, it's already scheduled to expire at the end of 2023. So look, it's been a good rider. We'd love to see it extended. We'd love to see perhaps some other mechanism go in its place that would be similarly beneficial. But ultimately, we do have in the gas business in Illinois, a favorable foundation for ratemaking, which is a forward test year with other good features like decoupling. So look, as we move forward, we'll continue to see whether there's either an extension of that QIP or perhaps something else that goes in its place. But ultimately, we can reassess both, not only the projects that we've got but also the timing of rate reviews and the like. At the end of the day, we feel like the projects that we're doing there, the projects we have planned there are great for our customers, great for the communities, and we'll look for a path forward to making those investments.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore.
Durgesh Chopra: On the 6% to 8% growth rate target, I mean, obviously, it looks like there's a ton of upside CapEx potential, whether it's the Rush Island-related CapEx, the MISO transmission CapEx, there may be an ROE bump in future years from the SB2408 in Illinois. What are you assuming in that 6% to 8% growth rate target in terms of these upside opportunities?
Martin Lyons: Well, again, I think that you've summarized it well. At the end of the day, we've got $17.3 billion of planned capital expenditures over 4 quality jurisdictions. We expect that to drive 7% compound annual rate base growth. And really, that is the foundational driver of our 6% to 8% planned EPS CAGR over this period of time. But you also pointed out some additional opportunities we have, and those are specifically in the areas of renewable generation as well as some of these regionally beneficial transmission projects. And those represent potential additions to the capital expenditure plans and the rate base growth. So those are -- the things that you highlight are the things that give us confidence, not only in our ability to execute the $17.3 billion and the 7% rate base growth, but certainly conviction around that 6% to 8% EPS growth target.
Michael Moehn: Yes, the only thing I would add to that, Marty's really comprehensive answer, is with respect to Illinois, we kind of moved through this new process there in terms of opting into the multiyear plan. I think we'll continue to step back and assess the opportunities there. There obviously is a tremendous amount of projects that are needed to get done on the benefit of customers. We've made some great progress there, but there's just a lot of aging infrastructure. So as you know, we've been pulling that CapEx down a little bit over time just because of some of those returns. And so we'll assess that too as an opportunity, but Marty certainly highlighted the big ones.
Martin Lyons: Thanks, Michael.
Durgesh Chopra: Got it. And then maybe can I just follow up on the whole -- the staff and commission review of the Rush Island retirement and generation needs to fill that hole, what are sort of the key milestones for us to watch there in terms of like the next steps that we should be watching for? Is that -- and then what is the end outcome you think of that review process?
Martin Lyons: Yes, sure. So I think as it relates to Rush Island, we'll be continuing to work with the District Court in terms of the plans forward for the ultimate retirement date of Rush Island. As we shared in our prepared remarks, there was a preliminary assessment done by MISO related to the closure of Rush Island, which really determined that there were upgrades and additional investments needed too for voltage support and long-range -- longer-term reliability of the system in light of that planned closure. And so now we'll be moving forward with filing an Attachment Y soon, which will be more of a -- I just call it a formal assessment. The preliminary assessment's done and that formal assessment will be done. And then once we've done that, we have to determine what the right investments are to be made on the system and get those planned and approved and executed over time. So some of the milestones to watch there, the MISO Y filing as well as decisions coming from the District Court around the retirement of that plant. So those are some things in that regard. Now specifically, in terms of the staff review, like I said, what they're looking to do here, I think, is really get a deeper understanding of the decision to close Rush Island as well as these reliability impacts that I've been talking about. Rush Island, as you know, is a 1,200-megawatt plant. It's been highly reliable. It's been low cost and provided great value to our customers over time. So in terms of their review, they'll be conducting that, there's going to be -- the commission has asked them to file a preliminary report around April 15, but there's really no deadline on any kind of a final report from the commission staff. And then we also, at the commission's request, we'll be providing monthly status updates in terms of the progress towards closure of Rush Island and I think importantly to what we're doing from a reliability standpoint associated with that. So those are some of the milestones to look for.
Durgesh Chopra: Congrats on a solid quarter.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Jeremy Tonet: I just want to build off some of those questions there. Just wondering if you could frame, with regards to the Missouri IRP, MTEP process, Rush Island, just when could this be pulled into the plan? When do you think this could materialize? And how do we think about, I guess, potential incremental equity needs should this come in? Just trying to get the size of CapEx timing and incremental equity, how that might balance out.
Martin Lyons: Yes, Jeremy, this is Marty. I'll start, and I'm sure Mike will add on to this as well. But a couple of things. As we laid out again, in the IRP, we really expect that, that will get filed in the first half of this year. And importantly, there, we'll be considering, like I said, the early retirement of Rush Island, any updates to our renewable expansion plans, investments needed in the transmission system as well and doing a comprehensive update of that Integrated Resource Plan. So through that, certainly, you'll get an idea of some of the updated thoughts in terms of additional investments that may be required. Also, as you mentioned and we mentioned in our prepared remarks, we do expect that the MISO will end up approving some of the projects that will move us towards that Future 1 plan that they've got out there, and we expect that, that, again, too, is going to occur by mid this year. Premature to say the size of the portfolio projects that MISO approved in this Tranche 1 that we expect to get approved midyear or the size of the allocation of projects to us. But that's going to be another key milestone as we look ahead to this year in terms of identifying additional potential investments that we'll have longer term. So with that, those -- midyear, we should get some greater visibility, I suspect, in terms of some of those potential projects. And then I think as a team, we'll have to step back and assess those projects and decide ultimately which of those becomes additive to our plan and in what years and how we move forward with execution. Michael, you want to tackle some of those other questions?
Michael Moehn: Yes. Perfect, Marty. Yes. I think that's well said. I mean, just in terms of -- Jeremy, we said this before. We just don't want to get in front of the regulatory process on that, and we'll just continue to assess these over time. And as we make that determination and figure out sort of what is incremental to the plan, that's when we would step back and look at what our financing needs would be with respect to that. As we've said in the past, we like our ratings where they are today. We're very focused on our metrics. We're targeting this capitalization ratio of about 45% equity over the balance of the plan. That's really what's driven the $300 million that we have in there today. And again, it would kind of be just on a case-specific basis. I wouldn't see us deviating much from that honestly, so I mean if that gives you any indication of how we would think about financing this going forward. But we would assess it at that point in time. So hopefully, that helps.
Jeremy Tonet: That's very helpful, not much on the equity side, but great to hear. And then just from a transmission perspective, can you give any sense of the size and scope of the reliability needs around Rush Island's closure? Just wondering any thoughts you could provide there?
Martin Lyons: Yes. Really hard to at this point. We're in those early stages, like I said, through the preliminary assessment that MISO did clear. The transmission upgrades are going to be needed both for voltage support as well as to ensure long-term reliability of the system. So clearly, some transmission investment needs there. But it's premature to say exactly what those will be. Efforts along those lines, given the preliminary assessment are already underway to determine some of those things. But ultimately, it will be a process working with MISO in particular, to determine what those needs will be and how much of an investment will be required there.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: Congratulations. So just on the Missouri legislation that you have there. Just wondering sort of what the practical impact from a shareholder perspective might be if you guys have that? And also, what's the reason from going from a 2.85% cap to a 2.5% cap? Is that just part of the give and take of legislation? Or is there something that's specifically happening that's causing people to want that?
Martin Lyons: Yes, Paul, good questions. Look, as it relates to this legislation, first of all, this plant and service accounting, we call it, Missouri Smart Energy Plan, has been working really well for customers. It's really allowed us to make significant additional investment in our system. We talked early on in the call about how that's just driving higher reliability. It's allowed us to deploy clean energy. It's really doing good things for the economy. We've created a lot of jobs and at the same time, been able to keep rates very low for customers. So it's really been working extremely well. And what this legislation really is all about is just making sure that we have a sustainable long-term framework to support continuation of those efforts. So it's really all about longevity of what the legislature put in place several years ago. And so that's what it's all about. You see some of the features we laid out in the slides: removes the sunset from the plan, which would be good, improves longevity to begin with; improves the economic development incentives, which have been really great for attracting businesses and helping businesses expand in our state. So it's improvement there. What the cap specifically is all about is today, as you see, there's a cap on the overall growth in rates, total rates. What we're saying here is that it would be better to have a cap, which is a good consumer protection, a cap, but it would be on the impact of these deferrals, the piece of deferrals that were really directed by that legislation. And so that, too, I think, improves longevity of the ability to utilize and -- this great regulatory framework long term.
Paul Patterson: So when do we need to -- I mean, you've got it there now, but when is the sunset again on the current one?
Martin Lyons: Sunset on the current one is the end of 2023. Now when we say sunset, it doesn't necessarily go away. It just means that we would need to go to the commission and re-up or ask them to re-up for another 5 years. So we would need to make a filing and the commission would need to approve that for another 5 years.
Paul Patterson: So it's not a real sunset? I mean -- so I mean, I guess you would be at the discretion of the commission as opposed to having it sort of legislatively in place. Is that the way to think of it?
Michael Moehn: Correct.
Martin Lyons: Yes, it's the right way to think about it. That's right. That's why I wanted to clarify my thoughts. You'd use the word sunset and I'd responded, but it's not a hard stop. Just a check-in point, if you will, to go back to the commission and re-up for another 5 years. But you're absolutely right in the way you've characterized the legislation, which would be more of a steady state going forward.
Michael Moehn: And Paul, this is Michael. I mean, if we were to do that opt-in and then everything that sort of exists today from a cap, sort of all of that would continue to apply going forward, right? So the commission has the ability to extend it but not modify it in any way, just to be clear.
Paul Patterson: And then on the coal ash, any thought about what the -- and I apologize if I missed this, what the total number in terms of the EPA impact might be? And also, is that -- how would that be treated regulatory speaking? Is that something that could be securitized? Or just how should we think about any potential coal ash cleanup expense?
Martin Lyons: No. Paul, there's really no -- we weren't really talking about coal ash cleanup expenses. It's really modifications to the impoundments that we have at these power plants in order to be able to continue to dispose of either ash or residuals coming out of our scrubbing. So again, what we said on the call there is, really don't expect to have any material impact from the EPA's decision. Part of it related to Meramec, which we have plans to close at the end of 2022. And then the other potential impact was at our Sioux Energy Center, and we are working through options, which we believe will ultimately mean that there's no significant impact in terms of the EPA's recent ruling.
Michael Moehn: Yes, that's right. And then Paul, it would just be in...
Paul Patterson: Okay. So in other words, the impoundment improvements really aren't going to be all that costly. Is that right?
Martin Lyons: Correct. It would just be a typical capital project that we would recover in the normal course of our rate review. And yes, correct. It is not going to be an overly material number as we sit here today.
Paul Patterson: Well, that's very good news. Okay. Awesome. Congratulations again.
Operator: Our next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Listen, just with respect to the comments on Jeremy's question earlier, I want to go back, if I can, just to understand the cadence of some of these updates. If I hear you guys right, though, with respect to Rush Island and some of the MISO agreements in principle that you have, you could be in a position to at least update some of the transmission spending earlier than perhaps, say, some of the incremental renewables here. Can you talk about the time line here? I mean you've got Attachment Y coming pretty soon, it would seem. If this agreement translates in, as you say, Stage 1 in mid-'22, could you be in a position to look at kind of a more holistic view on transmission by, say, the November EEI time frame? Just curious if you can elaborate a little bit more on how that comes together, to what extent? It seems like there is an overlap in what you would be doing from a transmission perspective and what ultimately transpires around Rush Island. Or do you need to really wait for the full IRP process to play itself out prior to knowing what that transmission spend looks like?
Martin Lyons: Yes, Julien, obviously, you had a lot of topics in that question, and there are a bunch of moving parts. I think, number one, like you said on Rush Island, we'll let this MISO Y play out. But even if they come back pretty quickly on the MISO Y and again confirm that transmission investments are needed for both voltage support and long-term reliability, still then there'll be a process to determine what exactly those investments are and over what time period they'll be made. I can't give you an exact time line in terms of when we'll have clarity on all of that. But that's item number one. Item number two is the MISO actually approving projects as part of their Midwest region Tranche 1 approval process. And like I said, we do expect that, that will occur around midyear. And so there, we should get some clarity in terms of what projects of that portfolio would be ours to do, and we can begin assessing how we'll go about executing those and when those would be added to our plan. So we'll get some clarity there as well. And then with respect to the IRP, again, time line there is, again, around middle of the year. We said first half of this year. There is a little bit of dependency there. We'd certainly like to have clarity in terms of when transmission investments could be made, when Rush Island will actually be closing. And so we expect that over the course of this next 6 months, we should be able to have -- working with the District Court, MISO, et cetera, get some clarity on that. So all of those, I think, things will come to fruition likely in the first half of this year. We should get a lot of information, which we'll certainly be able to discuss. I think on our second quarter call, we'll have a lot of information there. Whether we update or not at EEI, hard to say. What traditionally we've done, and we discussed this earlier, step back, look at all these additional projects, look at the prioritization within our overall plan. Consider which of those projects we can get done, which of those are going to be additive, et cetera, how we're going to finance it. Typically, we'd lay that out on our fourth quarter call. But again, we should be able to provide, I think, a pretty comprehensive update on where things stand at the end of the second quarter and going into EEI. Michael, any additional thoughts there?
Michael Moehn: No. Marty, that's good.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Awesome. And just a quick clarification from Paul's question. Just with respect to the QIP, obviously, you've laid out your CapEx expectations through the full period here, including the -- I'm going to use the word sunset, I get that's not entirely appropriate. How do you think about whether or not that's extended and how that impacts your CapEx budget? I understand it impacts the recovery mechanisms and timing they're in. But it presumably does not impact your CapEx, one way or another?
Michael Moehn: That's right. I mean, look, the CapEx is an important CapEx that needs to be done on behalf of customers. We'll have to step back, I think as Marty said in his answer, and look at if that was not in place, how we file rate reviews and those types of things. But this is needed CapEx that's driving reliability improvements for customers, safety improvement for customers, et cetera.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. All right. Actually, guys, I'll leave it there. Sorry, you're going to say something?
Martin Lyons: No, I was going to say thanks, Julien. I appreciate the questions.
Operator: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I'd now like to turn the call back over to Marty Lyons for closing comments.
Martin Lyons: Great. Well, I just wanted to say thank you to all of you for joining us today. As you can see, we had a really strong 2021. And we remain very, very focused on delivering again in 2022 and beyond for our customers, our communities and for all of you, our shareholders. So with that, please be safe, and we look forward to seeing many of you in person over the coming months.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q3  (2021-11-04 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Ameren Corporation’s Third Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note that this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce our host, Andrew Kirk, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Kirk. You may begin.
Andrew Kirk: Thank you, and good morning. On the call with me today are Warner Baxter, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Michael Moehn, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and Marty Lyons, President of Ameren Missouri, as well as other members of the Ameren management team joining us remotely. Warner and Michael will discuss our earnings results and guidance as well as provide a business update. Then we will open the call for questions. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today’s live broadcast and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on the amereninvestors.com homepage that will be referenced by our speakers. As noted on Page 2 of the presentation, comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, strategies, targets, estimates, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the forward-looking statements section in our News Release we issued yesterday and the forward-looking statements and Risk Factors sections in our filings with the SEC. Lastly, all per share earnings amounts discussed during today’s presentation, including earnings guidance, are presented on a diluted basis unless otherwise noted. Now here’s Warner, who will start on Page 4 of our presentation.
Warner Baxter: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. To begin, I am pleased to report that our team continues to effectively execute our strategic plan across all of our businesses, which includes making significant investments in our energy infrastructure to enhance the reliability and resiliency with the energy grid as well as transition to a cleaner energy future in a responsible fashion. These investments, coupled with our continued focus on disciplined cost management and delivering significant value to our customers, communities and shareholders. We’ll now do our third quarter earnings results. Yesterday, we announced third quarter 2021 earnings of $1.65 per share. Our earnings were up $0.18 per share from the same time period in 2020. This slide highlights the key drivers of our strong performance. Michael will discuss the key drivers of our third quarter earnings results a bit later. Due to the continued strong execution of our strategy, I am also pleased to report that we raised our 2021 earnings guidance. Our 2021 earnings guidance range is now $3.75 per share to $3.95 per share compared to our original guidance range of $3.65 per share to $3.85 per share. Turning now to Page 5, where we reiterate our strategic plan. The first pillar of our strategy stresses investing in and operating our utilities in a manner consistent with existing regulatory frameworks. This has driven our multiyear focus on investing in energy infrastructure for the long-term benefit of our customers. As a result, and as you can see on the right side of this page, during the first nine months of this year, we invested significant capital in each of our business segments. These investments are delivering value to our customers. As I said before, our energy grade is stronger, more resilient and more secure because of the investments we are making in all four business segments. As we head into the winter months, I’d like to highlight some of the value these investments have created in Ameren Illinois and Ameren Missouri natural gas businesses. Our natural gas transmission and distribution investments are focused on upgrading and modernizing gas main and equipment infrastructure, all the strength in safety and reliability of our system for our customers. Being mindful of the gas distribution issues experienced in the industry in the past, I will note that our Ameren Illinois and Ameren Missouri natural gas distribution systems are comprised almost entirely a plastic and protected coated steel pipelines. There is no cast iron pipe in our systems, and we expect to eliminate all unprotected steel pipe by the end of this year. These investments are just another example of how we are putting our customers at the center of our strategy. Moving now to regulatory matters. In late March, Ameren Missouri filed a request for a $299 million increase and annual electric service revenues and a $9 million increase in annual natural gas service revenues with the Missouri Public Service Commission. In our Illinois Electric business, we have requested a $59 million base rate increase our required annual electric distribution rate filing. These proceedings are moving along on schedule. Michael will provide more information on these proceedings a bit later. Finally, we remain relentlessly focused on continuous improvement and disciplined cost management, including maintaining many of the cost savings that we realized in 2020 due to the actions we took to mitigate the impacts of COVID-19. Moving to Page 6 and the second pillar of our strategy: enhancing regulatory frameworks and advocating for responsible energy and economic policies. Over the years, we have been successful in executing this element of our strategy by delivering value to our customers for our investments in energy infrastructure and through extensive collaboration with key stakeholders in all of our regulatory jurisdictions. I am very pleased to report that these efforts paid off again in the third quarter when the Illinois legislature passed the Climate and Equitable Jobs Act, or CEJA, which is later signed by Governor Pritzker. CEJA is a constructive piece of legislation that addresses the key objectives that we felt were important for our customers and the communities we serve. It will enable us to continue to make important infrastructure investments to enhance the reliability and resiliency of the energy grid for a new forward-thinking regulatory framework. It will also give us the ability to earn fair returns on those investments as well as enable us to invest in two solar and/or battery storage pilot projects. CEJA allows for an electric utility to opt in to a multi-year rate plan effective for four years beginning in 2024. We are currently working with key stockholders and will continue to over the course of 2022, to establish specific procedures, including performance metrics to implement this legislation, subject to finalizing key aspects of this rate-making framework, we anticipate filing a multi-year rate plan by mid-January 2023. Michael will discuss this constructive piece of legislation in more in a moment. Shifting now to the federal level, where important energy legislation continues to be discussed. Needless to say, the situation around federal legislation remains fluid and ever changing. One thing that remains constant is our strong support for clean energy transition tax incentives including wind and solar production tax credits, transmission and storage investment tax credits as well as direct pay and normalization opt-out provisions. We also continue to strongly support significant funding for research, design and development for new clean energy technologies, electrification of the transportation sector and grid resiliency. We support these important legislative initiatives, because we strongly believe they will deliver significant long-term benefits to our customers, communities and country. We will continue to work with key stakeholders, along with our industry colleagues to advance constructive federal energy and economic policies that will help us transition to a cleaner energy future in a responsible fashion. Speaking of our transition to our cleaner energy future, please turn to Page 7 in the discussion of future transmission investment needs. As we have discussed with you in the past, MISO completed a study outlining the potential road map of transmission projects through 2039. Taking into consideration the rapidly evolving generation mix that includes significant additions of renewable generation based on announced utility integrated resource plans, state mandates and goals for clean energy or carbon emission reductions, among other things. On MISO’s Future 1 scenario, which is the scenario that resulted in an approximate 60% carbon emissions reduction below 2005 levels by 2039. MISO estimates approximately $30 billion, the future transmission investment would be necessary in the MISO footprint. Under its future tree scenario, which resulted in an 80% reduction in carbon emissions below 2005 levels by 2039. MISO estimates approximately $100 billion of transmission investment and the MISO footprint would be needed. It is clear that investment in transmission is going to play a critical role in the clean energy transition, and we are well-positioned to plan and execute the potential projects in the future for the benefit of our customers and country. We continue to work with MISO and other key stakeholders and believe certain projects outlined in Future 1 are likely going to be included in this year’s MISO transmission planning process, which is expected to be completed in early 2022. Moving now to Page 8 and an update on litigation regarding Ameren Missouri’s past compliance with the new source review provisions of the Clean Air Act. As you may recall, this litigation dates back to 2011 and the Department of Justice on behalf of the EPA bought a complaint against Ameren Missouri, alleging that and performing certain projects at the Rush Island Energy Center, we have violated the new source review provisions of the Clean Air Act. In 2017, the District Court issued a liability ruling and in September 2019, or the installation of push control equipment at the Rush Island Energy Center as well as at the Labadie Energy Center. September of this year, U.S. Court of Appeals preferred the District Court’s 2019 order requires us to install a scrubber at our Rush Island Energy Center, but denied the order to install additional pollution control equipment at Labadie. Last month, we thought a request for rehearing with U.S. Court of Appeals. While we wait for a final decision from the courts, we continue to assess several alternatives to effectively address the Court of Appeals decision, including legal, operational and regulatory measures. In reviewing these options, we are also carefully assessing the impact on customer costs as well as generation or transmission investments needed to maintain system reliability. And we are certainly mindful of the policies that are being considered at the federal level to help address climate change. Should our decision results in a material change to our integrated resource plan, we will file an updated plan with the Missouri PSC. Turning to Page 9. We remain focused on delivering a sustainable energy future for our customers, communities and our country. This page summarizes our strong sustainability value proposition for environmental, social and governance matters and is consistent with our vision, leading the way to a sustainable energy future. Beginning with environmental stewardship, last September, Ameren announced its transformation plan to achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2050 across all of our operations in Missouri and Illinois. This plan includes interim carbon emission reduction targets of 50% and 85% below 2005 levels in 2030 and 2040, respectively, and is consistent with the objectives of the Paris Agreement and limiting global temperature rise to 1.5 degrees Celsius. We also have a strong long-term commitment to our customers and communities to be socially responsible and economically impactful. This slide highlights the many things we are doing for our customers and communities including being an industry leader in diversity, equity and inclusion. Further, our strong corporate governance is led by a diverse Board of Directors focused on strong oversight that’s aligned with ESG matters and our executive compensation practices include performance metrics that are tied to sustainable long-term performance, diversity equity inclusion and progress towards a cleaner sustained energy future. Finally, this slide highlights our very strong sustainable growth proposition, which is among the best in the industry. Turning to Page 10, you will go down further on this key element. Our strong sustainable growth proposition is driven by a robust pipeline of investment opportunities over $40 billion over the next decade that will deliver significant value to all of our stakeholders and making our energy grid stronger, smarter and cleaner. Importantly, these investment opportunities exclude any new reasonably beneficial transmission projects, including the potential road map of MISO transmission projects I discussed earlier, all of which would increase the reliability and resiliency of the energy grid as well as help to enable our country’s transition to a cleaner energy future. In addition, we expect to see greater focus on infrastructure investments to support the electrification of the transportation sector in the future. Our outlook through 2030 does not include significant infrastructure investments for electrification at this time. Maintaining constructive energy policies that support robust investment in energy infrastructure and a transition to a cleaner energy future and a safe, reliable and affordable fashion will be critical to meeting our country’s future energy needs and delivering on our customers’ expectations. Moving to Page 11. Another key element of our sustainable growth proposition is the five-year earnings per share growth guidance we issued in February, which included a 6% to 8% compound annual earnings per share growth rate from 2021 to 2025. This earnings growth is primarily driven by strong rate base growth and compares very favorably with our regulated utility peers. Importantly, our five-year earnings and rate base growth projections do not include 1,200 megawatts of incremental renewable investment opportunities outlined in Ameren Missouri’s Integrated Resource Plan. Our team continues to assess several global generation proposals from developers. We expect to file with the Missouri PSC for approval of a portion of these planned renewable investments this year. I am confident in our ability to execute our investment plans and strategies across all four of our business segments. That fact, coupled with our sustained past execution of our strategy on many fronts, has positioned us well for future success. Further, our shares continue to offer investors a strong dividend, which we expect to grow in line with our long-term earnings per share growth guidance. Simply put, we believe our strong earnings and dividend growth outlook results in a very attractive total return opportunity for shareholders. Finally, turning to Page 12. I will wrap up with a few comments about the organizational changes we announced a few weeks ago. Over the past eight years, I have had the great privilege to serve as Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of Ameren. During this time, I’ve been very fortunate to lead the team that has done an excellent job in executing our strategy and delivering strong value to our customers, communities and shareholders. Last month, I was humbled and honored that the Board of Directors elected me to serve as Executive Chairman effective January 1, 2022. At the same time, and consistent with our robust succession planning process, I was very pleased that the Board of Directors also elected Marty Lyons to serve as President and Chief Executive Officer as well as to join the Board of Directors on January 1. Marty is an outstanding leader and is exceptionally qualified to lead our company as CEO during this transformation and time in our industry. Of course, many of you know Marty very well as he spent a decade as the company’s Chief Financial Officer. And during the past 20 years, Marty has demonstrated strong operational, financial, regulatory and strategic acumen. I must say that I’m very excited about our new forward-thinking leadership structure. Working closely with Marty and our strong leadership team, I will remain actively engaged in overseeing important strategic matters impacting the company, including our transition to a cleaner energy future and will also remain focused on key energy and economic policy matters, especially in my leadership roles at the Edison Electric Institute and the Electric Power Research Institute as well as engaging with key stakeholders. Marty will take on significant duties of the CEO, which includes leading all aspects of Ameren strategy development and execution as well as the day-to-day operational, financial, regulatory, legal and workforce matters impacting the company. I, along with our Board of Directors, are very confident that Marty is clearly ready to lead Ameren as its new CEO. With that, I’ll congratulate Marty once again for his promotion to CEO and turn it over to him to say a few words.
Marty Lyons: Thank you, Warner. I’m truly grateful for and humbled by the opportunity to lead Ameren during these exciting times for our company and for our industry. I’m also honored to follow on your footsteps Warner. You’ve led our team to execute on a strategy that has delivered significant value to our customers and shareholders. Working with his outstanding leadership team and my dedicated coworkers at Ameren, we will remain focused on successfully executing this strategy in the future. I look forward to engaging with all of you joining us on the call today and in the weeks and months ahead. With that, I’ll turn it back over to you, Warner.
Warner Baxter: Thank you, Marty. I look forward to continuing to work closely with you in your new role. Together, we remain firmly convinced that the continued execution of our strategy in the future will deliver superior value to our customers, communities, shareholders and the environment. Thank you all for joining us today. I’ll now turn the call over to Michael.
Michael Moehn: Thanks, Warner, and good morning, everyone. Turning now to Page 14 of our presentation. Yesterday, we reported third quarter 2021 earnings of $1.65 per share compared to $1.47 per share for the year ago quarter. Earnings in Ameren Missouri, our largest segment increased $0.27 per share, driven primarily by a change in seasonal electric rate design, resulting from the March 2020 rate order, which provided for lower winter rates in May and higher summer rates in September rather than the blended rates used in both months in 2020. Higher electric retail sales also increased earnings by approximately $0.10 per share, largely due to continued economic recovery in this year’s third quarter compared to the unfavorable impacts of COVID-19 in the year ago period. As well as higher electric retail sales driven by warmer-than-normal summer temperatures in the period compared to near-normal summer temperatures in the year-ago period. We’ve included on this page, the year-over-year weather-normalized sales variances for the quarter. Total weather normalized sales year-to-date, shown on Page 27 of the presentation are largely consistent with our expectations outlined on our call in February, as we still expect total sales to be up approximately 2% in 2021 compared to 2020. That said, we’ve seen a net benefit in margins due to residential and commercial sales coming in higher than expected and industrial sales slightly lower than expected. Increased investments in infrastructure and wind generation eligible for plant and service accounting and the renewable energy standard rate adjustment mechanism or RESRAM, positively impacted earnings by $0.07 per share. The timing of tax expense, which is not expected to materially impact full year results increased earnings by $0.03 per share. Higher operations and maintenance expense decreased earnings by $0.04 per share in 2021 compared to the third quarter of 2020, which was affected by COVID-19 and remained flat year-to-date driven by disciplined cost management. Finally, the amortization of deferred income taxes related to the fall 2020 Callaway Energy Center scheduled refueling and maintenance outage also decreased earnings $0.02 per share. Moving to other segments. Ameren Transmission earnings increased $0.03 per share year-over-year, reflecting increased infrastructure investment. Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution earnings per share were comparable, which reflected increased infrastructure and energy efficiency investments and a higher allowed ROE under performance-based ratemaking, partially offset by dilution. Earnings for Illinois and natural gas decreased $0.04 per share. Increased delivery service rates that became effective in late January 2021 were more than offset by a change in rate design during the quarter, which is not expected to impact full year results. Ameren parent and other results decreased $0.08 per share compared to the third quarter of 2020, primarily due to the timing of income tax expense, which is not expected to materially impact full year results. Finally, 2021 earnings per share reflected higher weighted average shares outstanding. Before moving on, I’ll touch on year-to-date sales trends for Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution. Weather normalized kilowatt hour sales to Illinois residential customers decreased 0.5%. And weather normalized kilowatt hour sales to Illinois commercial and industrial customers increased 2.5% and 1.5%, respectively. Recall that changes in electric sales in Illinois, no matter the cause, do not affect our earnings since we have full revenue decoupling. Turning to Page 15. Now we’d like to briefly touch on key drivers impacting our 2021 earnings guidance. We have remained very focused on maintaining disciplined cost management and we’ll continue that focus. As Warner noted, due to the solid execution of our strategy, we now expect 2021 diluted earnings to be in the range of $3.75 per share to $3.95 per share, an increase from our original guidance range of $3.65 per share to $3.85 per share. Select earnings considerations for the balance of the year are listed on this page and are supplemental to the key drivers and assumptions discussed on our earnings call in February. Moving to Page 16 for an update on regulatory matters. On March 31, we filed for a $299 million electric revenue increase within Missouri Public Service Commission. The request includes a 9.9% return on equity, a 51.9% equity ratio and a September 30, 2021 estimated rate base of $10 billion. In October, Missouri Public Service Commission staff and other interveners filed a bottle testimony. Missouri PSC staff recommended a $188 million revenue increase, including a return on equity range of 9.25% to 9.75% and an equity ratio of 50% based on Ameren Missouri’s capital structure at June 30, 2021, which will be updated to use the capital structure as of September 30, 2021. The October staff recognition was lower primarily due to lower recommended depreciation expense, which would not be expected to impact earnings. Turning to Page 17. In addition to the electric filing on March 31, we filed for a $9 million natural gas revenue increase within Missouri PSC. The request includes a 9.8% return on equity, a 51.9% equity ratio and a September 30, 2021 estimated rate base of $310 million. Missouri PSC staff recommended a $4 million revenue increase, including a return on equity range of 9.25% to 9.75% and an equity ratio of 50.32% based on Ameren Missouri’s capital structure at June 30, 2021, which will be updated to use of the capital structure as of September 30, 2021. Other parties, including the Missouri Office of Public Counsel have also made recommended adjustments to our Missouri electric and gas rate request. Evidentiary hearings are scheduled to begin in late November, and the Missouri PSC decisions from both rate reviews are expected by early February with new rates expected to be effective by late February. Moving to Page 18, Ameren Illinois regulatory matters. In April, we made our required annual electric distribution rate update filing. Under Illinois performance-based rate making these annual rate updates systematically adjust cash flows over time for changes in cost of service and true up any prior period over or under recovery of such costs. In August, the ICC staff recommended a $58 million base rate increase compared to our request of $59 million base rate increase. An ICC decision is expected in December with new rates expected to be effective in January 2022. Turning now to Page 19. As Warner mentioned, in September, constructive energy legislation was enacted in the State of Illinois. This allows Ameren Illinois the option to file a four-year rate plan in January 2023 for rates effective beginning in 2024. The return on equity, which will be determined by the Illinois Commerce Commission, may impacted by plus or minus 20 to 60 basis points based on the utility’s ability to meet certain performance metrics related to items such as reliability, customer service and supplier diversity. The plan also allows for the use of year-end rate base and an equity ratio up to 50% within higher equity ratio subject to approval by the ICC. In addition, it calls revenue decoupling and an annual reconciliation of cost and revenues for each annual period approved in the multiyear rate plan. There’s a cap on the true-up, which may not exceed 105% of the revenue requirement and excludes variation from certain forecasted costs. The exclusions include cross associated with major storms, changing in timing of expenditure and investment that moved the expenditure investment into or out of the applicable calendar year and changes in income taxes, among other things. The true-up cap also excludes cost recovered through riders such as purchase power, transmission and bad debts. Rate impact to customers may also be mitigated through the ability to phase in rates. The legislation also allows for two utility-owned solar and/or battery storage pilot projects to be located near Peoria and East St. Louis at a cost not to exceed $20 million each. It also provides for programs that encourage transportation electrification in the state. We believe this framework will improve our ability to make significant investments in the State of Illinois and earn a fair return on equity. Looking ahead, we have the ability to opt into the multiyear rate plan or use the future test year traditional rate-making framework, both of which include a return on equity determined by the ICC and revenue decoupling. Should we choose to opt into the new multiyear rate plan, our four-year plan must be filed by January 20, 2023. We anticipate continuing to use the performance-based ratemaking until we proceed with a multiyear rate plan filing or choose to move ahead with using the traditional framework. Moving to Page 20 for a financing update. We continue to feel very good about our financial position. We’re able to successfully actually on several debt issuances earlier this year, which we have outlined on this page. In order for us to maintain our credit ratings and a strong balance sheet, while we fund our robust infrastructure plan and consistent with prior guidance as of August 15, we have completed the issuance of approximately $150 million of common equity through our at-the-market or ATM program that was established in May. Further, approximately $30 million of equity outlined for 2022 have been sold year-to-date under the programs forward sales agreement. Together with the issuance under our 401(k) and DRPlus program, our $750 million ATM equity program is expected to support equity needs through 2023. Moving now to Page 21. I’d like to briefly touch on the recent increase in natural gas prices around the country and the potential impact it may have on customer bills this coming winter. Beginning with our natural gas business, heading into the winter season, Ameren Illinois is approximately 75% hedged and Ameren Missouri is approximately 85% hedged based on normal seasonal sales. Approximately 60% of Ameren Illinois winter supply of natural gas was bought this summer at lower prices and is being stored in the company’s 12 underground storage fields. Both companies are 100% volumetrically hedged based on maximum seasonal sales. Regarding the electric business in Missouri, we are currently long generation and any margin made through offices sales flow back to customers as a benefit on their bills through the fuel adjustment clause. Given our low cost of generation, rising natural gas and power prices have the potential to benefit our electric customers in Missouri. Turning to Page 22. We plan to provide 2022 earnings guidance when we release fourth quarter results in February next year. Using our 2021 guidance of the reference point, we have listed on this page select items to consider as you earnings outlook for next year.  Next, I would note, we expect to recognize earnings related to energy efficiency performance from both 2021 and 2022 plan years and 2022. As a result, we expect energy efficiency performance incentives to be approximately $0.04 per share higher than 2021. Further, our return to normal weather in 2022 would decrease Ameren Missouri earnings by approximately $0.04 compared to 2021 results to date, assuming warm weather in the last quarter of the year. Beginning with Missouri, we expect the new electric service rates to be effective in 2022 as a result of our attending rate review. These rates are expected to reflect recovery of and return on new infrastructure and wind generation investments, which are expected to increase earnings when compared to 2021. Prior to new electric service rates taking effect in late February, we expect increase investments in infrastructure and wind generation eligible for plant-in-service accounting and the RESRAM to positively impact earnings. Next, we expect to recognize earnings related to energy efficiency performance incentives from both 2021 and 2022 plan years and 2022. As a result, we expect the energy efficiency performance incentives to be approximately $0.04 per share higher than 2021. Further, I returned to normal weather in 2022, decrease Ameren Missouri earnings by approximately $0.04 compared to 2021 results to-date, assuming normal weather in the last quarter of the year. Next, earnings from our FERC-related electric transition entities are expected to benefit from additional investments in the Ameren Illinois projects made under forward-looking formula ratemaking. For Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution, earnings are expected to benefit in 2022 compared to 2021 from additional infrastructure investments made under Illinois formula ratemaking. The allowed ROE under the will be the average 2022 30-year treasury yield plus 5.8%. For Ameren Illinois Natural Gas, earnings are expected to benefit from new delivery service rates effective late January 2021 as well as an increase in infrastructure investments qualifying for rider treatment that were in the current allowed ROE of 9.67%. Lastly, turning to Page 23, we’re well positioned to continue executing our plan, continue to expect to deliver strong earnings growth in 2021, as we successfully execute our strategy. And as we look to the longer term, we expect strong earnings per share growth, driven by robust rate-based growth and disciplined cost management. Further, we believe this growth will compare favorably with the growth of our regulator utility peers. Ameren Missouri is continue to offer investors and attractive dividend. In summary, we have a total shareholder return story that compares very favorably to our peers. That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: Thank you. And ladies and gentlemen, at this time, we’ll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please state your question
Warner Baxter: Good morning, Jeremy.
Jeremy Tonet: Hi, good morning.
Warner Baxter: Good morning.
Jeremy Tonet: Good morning, thanks. Thanks for all the detail there and just want to pick up on the MISO MTAP side. I was just wondering if you might be able provide any more color for your expectations there in the process. And what could this specifically mean for Ameren over time? Realize might begin a little bit ahead of ourselves here, but just want to know if there’s any way you could frame, I guess what you think could be possible for Ameren CapEx, yes?
Warner Baxter: Yes. Thanks, Jeremy, for the question. Number one, let me just start with this. We’re very excited about the opportunity that we have for the transmission investment. Number one, we’re absolutely convinced that transmission is going to play an integral role. And that’s a fair company, for our country and really executing this clean energy transition. And we’re right in the middle of it. We have been before, and we are going to continue to be. And so look, it’s premature to put I would say, a specific number. As you heard us in our prepared remarks, MISO has identified $30 billion to $100 billion of investment opportunities of potential projects. And I will tell you, where the country is going is closer to that scenario 3, which is closer to the $100 billion number. So what we’re doing – what MISO is doing, what stakeholders are doing. Look, we’re working together to try and make sure that we put together a good set of projects coming out of this first MTAP that will start us on this path toward just clean energy transition. And as we look at it, if you look at that scenario 1 that’s highlighted out there, we really think the focus will be on more no regrets types of projects as we start putting our toes in the water, if you will, maybe getting up to our knees. And then from there, I think we’ll see it continue to get progressively bigger over time. We think there’ll be some no regrets projects. And in terms of timing, look, I think the group – our group and many stakeholders are working collaboratively to try and figure out the best projects as well as cost allocation things. These things are all things that you typically go through in this process. And so at the end of the day, we think that MISO will propose early in 2022, these projects to their Board of Directors, it will be well informed. And then what we believe will be hopefully will be an approval process that will get them in early 2022. So when you look at them in our overall plans, as we’ve said before, you might see some of these projects in our current five-year plan start coming into play towards the back end of our five-year plan. But certainly, in the second half of this decade, I think you’re going to see a significant emphasis and need for transmission projects. So that’s really what I can tell you today. But as I’ll finish the way I started there, we’re excited about the opportunity because we think it’s significant and important.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That’s helpful. We eagerly await there.
Warner Baxter: We view as well.
Jeremy Tonet: Maybe just pivoting over to the Missouri IRP here. Just wondering if you could share with us thoughts on next steps and I guess, how Rush Island plays into it, what we should be thinking about there?
Warner Baxter: Yes. Thanks, Jeremy. Marty Lyons has been in the middle of all those things. I’m going to turn it over to him to respond to your questions. Marty, go ahead.
Marty Lyons: Thanks, Jeremy. Hey, how are you today? Appreciate the question. As it relates to the integrated resource plan, obviously, we filed last fall and as Warner said earlier in the prepared remarks, we continue to work with multiple developers with respect to several projects that would fit within that 1,200 megawatts of clean energy that we plan to deliver over the next several years consistent with that integrated resource plan. So we’re continuing to work on those, and we still expect to file with the commission still this year for approval of a portion of those project. So that work is going on. And then you mentioned the Rush Island Energy Center. And so as you saw in our slides today, in August, the court of appeals affirmed the District Court’s September 19 order. As we said in our slides and prepared remarks, we did file for a rehearing of that decision on October 18. So we do expect to hear back from the court and quite likely by the end of this year, we expect in terms of that rehearing. So it’s really premature to say what action we will take with respect to Rush Island at this point. We’ll wait to see whether there’s a rehearing. But that rehearing is denied and ultimately, we’re faced with that decision. Obviously, it may entail scrubbers in Rush Island or the accelerated retirement of that plant, which might also include the utilization of the securitization legislation was passed earlier this year. So those are some of the things we’re looking at. Considerations as we think about those alternatives or things like customer rate impacts, replacement generation needs and importantly, reliability and investments that may be required in terms of transmission to the extent that Rush Island were to be prematurely retired. So those are some of the considerations. I’ll tell you this, if ultimately a decision is made to retire Rush Island prematurely versus the day we had in our prior integrated resource plan that will require them that we file an updated integrated resource plan with the Missouri Public Service Commission. So stay tuned on that. Like I said, it’s premature to say how all of that will turn out, but that gives you a little bit of color on the potential path forward.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That’s helpful. And just 1 last quick one, if I could. Just wondering if you might be able to comment on your generation position? And do you see any potential customer benefits under current market conditions right now?
Michael Moehn: Hey, Jeremy, it’s Michael. Yes, I think we indicated in the prepared remarks in the slide that we historically have been long in the Missouri side. And so obviously, to the extent, that we’re able to take advantage of that in the marketplace is also some sales that flow back to customers through the fuel adjustment clause. So certainly, given where natural gas prices are, which is what the impact it’s having on power prices, it’s definitely a bit of a tailwind from a customer affordability standpoint.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. I’ll leave it there. Thank you.
Warner Baxter: Thanks, Jeremy. See you next week.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Warner Baxter: Good morning, Julien. How are you doing?
Dariusz Lozny: Hey, good morning. This is Dariusz on for Julien actually. Thank you for taking my question. Can you just clarify, it was a little unclear from the opening remarks. Do you intend – or are you still evaluating whether or not you’ll file under a multiyear rate plan in Illinois in or before January 23?
Warner Baxter: Yes. So this is Warner. So let me just summarize what we’ve said. Clearly, as I said and as Michael said, we think this is a forward-thinking, constructive regulatory structure. And not only is it constructive that enables us to make investments that we think are important for customers, but also gives us the opportunity to earn a fair return on those investments. Now what we said too, is that the structure is out there, but there’s still some work to be done, meaning that there are jobs that have to be taken care of next year, as you might have with any specific and comprehensive piece of legislation and we’re going to work through those workshops. Now we believe those workshops were at the table, and we expect them to be constructive outcomes. And so as a result, as we said, too, we anticipate filing for a multiyear rate plan in 2023. But there’s still some work to be done. And so we’re not trying to hedge or be cute. We just sort of telling it like it is. At the same time, as I said, we think it’s a constructive piece of legislation that we think will bring benefits to our customers state of Illinois and certainly to our shareholders. Michael, do you have anything you want to add?
Michael Moehn: Look, you said it all correctly. I mean these workshops will continue on through 2022. And I think we’ll have a conclusion of the by the fall. So we’ll have even better clarity. But as Warner said, the benefits clearly seem to be pretty significant here in terms of just the overall framework itself.
Warner Baxter: Yes. And just to give you a perspective, these workshops as you know, we talk about performance metrics. There’s a performance-based ratemaking perspective and concept incorporated in this legislation. So the performance metrics have to be determined, how you work through some of the details of the multiyear rate plan. These are things that stakeholders have to come to the table. And we look forward to working collaboratively with all of them next year.
Dariusz Lozny: Okay, thank you. That’s very helpful color. And if I could pivot maybe to federal legislation, if I can. Have you quantified at all or thought about the potential upside impact on your credit metrics from direct pay, if that were included in final legislation?
Warner Baxter: Yes, thanks. Needless to say, that is a very fluid situation just in the bigger picture. And so to say that we’ve quantified in particular, the specific impacts that would be premature. I will say, there are elements of the clean energy tax incentives, which I think are very good for customers and could be good for cash flows, especially when you look at the direct pay portions around, certainly, the ITCs and the PTCs that wind and solar are small up tax incentives. So Michael, I know that you and your team have been looking at it, but we haven’t put a specific finger on it, but do you want to add a little more color than that?
Michael Moehn: Yes. I mean at a high level, that’s correct, Warner. I mean we are – they get into it. I think there are some positive aspects. There are also some things we got to just get our hands around, head around with respect to like this minimum tax liability, which seems to run counter to some those credits as well. So those are just some different aspects that we’re really trying to balance at the end of the day. But hopefully, over the course of the next quarter or so, we’ll have a much better feel for where this is going.
Warner Baxter: One thing you can miss assured is that me and my industry colleagues, we’re at the table to try and make sure that we get a constructive piece of federal legislation down across the board that will enable us to continue to move forward thoughtfully and effectively with the clean energy transition.
Dariusz Lozny: Great. Thank you very much. I’ll hop back on from here.
Warner Baxter: You bet. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs. Please state your question.
Warner Baxter: Good morning, Insoo. How are you doing?
Insoo Kim: Good morning, Warner. How are you? My first question is on – the question on the Rush Island and the long-term generation plan. If the appeal process is unsuccessful. First of all, is it by the end of 2023 that you need to either put the scrubbers on or retire? Or is it 24? And then my – the related question to that is, as you think about potential changes to the plan if this had to shut early, given that long generation position? How do we think about some of the opportunities on the replacement side of things?
Warner Baxter: Marty, why don’t you jump on and then address that one, please?
Marty Lyons: Yes. Thanks, Insoo. Good to talk to you again. With respect to moving forward with scrubber, I think there, the expectation is that we would – if we went that route, as expeditiously as possible to put the scrubbers in place at Rush Island. So I’m not sure that there’s an exact time line. Obviously, the acquisition design, construction would take some time to get that put in place. And then with respect to the other route that you described, the retirement route, I think there, we’d be looking at how long Rush Island would continue to operate, obviously, given the things I talked about before, replacement generation needs, importantly, reliability issues around the system in the event of premature retirement, which again may necessitate some transmission investments in order to maintain reliability. So all of those things would be taken into consideration. And ultimately, to the extent that incremental generation was required or some acceleration of the clean energy transition that we’ve got laid out in our IRP, that would all be laid out in that updated integrated resource plan. So again, if we don’t move forward with the scrubber, if we do decide that the Rush Island needs to be shut down earlier than the day in our IRP, which was 2039, then we would move forward with an update to the Integrated Resource Plan. And again, and so that would assess all of the potential adjustments to generation need and timing that were laid out in that prior September Integrated Resource Plan filing.
Insoo Kim: Got it. Thanks for the color, Marty. The second question is on the grid 2021 guidance raising that by $0.10 as we think about the 2022, I know some of the weather benefit helped this year as well. But how do we think about some of the moving pieces that help 2021 that could potentially carry into 2022? And in that consideration slide, I didn’t see a specific mention to year-over-year low growth just curious on your base assumption there.
Warner Baxter: Yes. Look, there’s a lot in that question there. Let me give you a couple of pieces, just in terms of the growth itself. I mean, year-to-date, we’ve put in there from a residential standpoint, we’re up 1.5%, commercial 3.5% and industrial 1%. So about 2%, and that’s really what we guided to at the beginning of the year in February. Now the mix is a little bit different. So we’re seeing some improvement in margin there, which is a driver of that increase in the midpoint that you talked about in addition to weather. So we – the plan remains on track with respect to that sales piece, that 2%, we see that sort of guiding in at the same point towards the end of the year. As we talked about at the beginning of the year, that will get us close to being back to 2019, but not quite. So I think the recovery continues, and we’re optimistic about we continue to see things open up here in both of our service territories in Missouri and Illinois. With respect to the guidance itself, I just remind you again, we really – in February last year, that 6% to 8% guidance was off of that midpoint. Obviously, at $375 million, that original midpoint of $375 million. We certainly have given you some select items to think about here in 2022. And then obviously, in February, we’ll roll all this forward to give you another look at capital as well as give you just more specifics about obviously, where our range will be in our earnings guidance for 2022 at that point in time. So hopefully, that give you a little bit of color you’re looking for.
Insoo Kim: Got it. Thank you, and congrats, Marty and Warner both of you, and see you soon.
Marty Lyons: Thanks, Insoo.
Warner Baxter: Thanks, Insoo. See you next week.
Operator: Our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please state your question.
Warner Baxter: Good morning, Durgesh.
Durgesh Chopra: Hey, good morning, Warner. Congratulations and to you as well, Marty.
Warner Baxter: Thank you.
Durgesh Chopra: I look forward to working with you.
Marty Lyons: You bet.
Durgesh Chopra: Maybe just can you talk about the 1.2 gigawatts in Missouri IRP. Just kind of what of that – what – how many – what portion of that capacity are you going to file for with the commission or get approvals for this year or early next year? Just as you’re thinking about your CapEx plan being extended another year, I’m thinking about how much of that 1.2 gigawatt might be layered in?
Warner Baxter: Sure. You bet, Marty, why don’t you come on in and address that from an operational perspective, and maybe Michael, you can talk about how we think about guidance in terms of capital expenditures and those types of things.
Marty Lyons: Yes, that sounds great, Warner. Durgesh, I appreciate the question. The – and I think Michael will get into this and expand on it, none of that 1,200 megawatts is really included today in the rate base growth or earnings guidance we have. As I said earlier, we continue to work with multiple developers with respect to multiple projects that would go towards filling out that 1,200 megawatts. At this point, as we negotiate through those, I mean it’s important to understand that those negotiations take time. There’s diligence involved. There’s again, multiple developers we’re working with really to get the best deals we can for our customers ultimately, and there are multiple contracts that need to be negotiated with each one of the developers. So we continue to work, again, with multiple of them on multiple projects. And at this point, I’d say again, I’d say we’re expecting to file for approval for a portion of that 1,200 megawatts. I expect that, that will happen this year still, but also then even further into next year. So stay tuned. I think it’s premature to say exactly which project or projects we’ll announce this year or early next, but we’re working actively on several. So that’s where we stand today.
Michael Moehn: Thanks, Marty. Just a couple of other small points on that $17 billion plan that we have out there, as Marty pointed out, there’s very, very little in there with respect to any of these renewable projects. Now we did indicate in that 10-year plan, that $40 billion plus, there is $3 billion of potential projects, which what Marty is referring to. So as we get more clarity on that timing, obviously, typically, what we do in February as we roll forward that capital plan, to be able to give you a bit more transparency about what the timing of that to the extent that we feel better about it and know it. So that’s just a little bit more color on exactly what’s there from a capital standpoint.
Durgesh Chopra: I appreciate that detail. Then just shifting gears to Illinois, Obviously, now the – under the new framework, the ROE goes back to the ICC and they kind of come back with an ROE number. Just any early thoughts on how might they be calculating that? I mean we and investors have talked about sort of your gas assets there and the ROEs they’re getting in 9%-plus range. Just any – from your seat, just any early color into what ROE might look like or how might that be calculated? I appreciate that. Thank you.
Warner Baxter: Sure. This is Warner. Look, it’s certainly be premature to predict where the ROEs would be. I mean the filing is going to be sometime in 2023, and it’s a multi-year filing. But what we can point to is, obviously, the 580 basis points, put a 30-year treasury, what that yields today. What we can point to is that in our gas business that we did at the beginning of this year, put in place a – the rate review results, that was a 9.67% return on equity for our gas business. It’s not the electric business, but it’s the gas business. It is just a data point. But how that will ultimately look and what the request will be for a multi-year rate plan, a lot of facts and circumstances will go into that. But we do see an opportunity for improvement, clearly, from our existing return on equity going forward.
Marty Lyons: Yes. I mean – and just think about that 9.67 is kind of traditional cost of capital kind of calculations. There’s nothing that’s sort of unique about it from a regulatory perspective. So it’s obviously different than moving away from this formulaic piece that we have.
Warner Baxter: Exactly. And we would expect the overall process and looking at that return on equity in terms of sort of a traditional look would be very similar. But obviously, with the multi-year rate plan, there may be some other factors that have come into us. So stay tuned.
Durgesh Chopra: All right. I’ll leave it there. Thanks, guys.
Warner Baxter: You bet. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please state your question.
Warner Baxter: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson: Good morning. How are you doing?
Warner Baxter: I’m good. How are you?
Paul Patterson: Okay. So what I wanted to – first of all, I want to congratulate you guys. Is this your last call, Warner?
Warner Baxter: Number one, thank you. I’m truly excited about the new leadership structure and certainly the new roles that Marty and I are taking. And in terms of the last call, gosh, we’re taking one step at a time. We’re not saying this is my last call or anything like that. We’ll take that one step at a time. But you can kind of maybe in the EEI next week. That’s for sure.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Well, congratulations both of you.
Warner Baxter: Thank you.
Paul Patterson: And so just some – most of my questions have been answered, but a couple of quick ones for you. And I apologize for not knowing this, but what are no regrets projects I just don’t feel that grew blank. What does that mean?
Warner Baxter: It’s probably a Warner term, right. So really, when you look at all these projects, I mean, some you can sit there and say, gosh, when we had to get we’re having these congestion areas when we had to get from point A to point B, we have these projects that are in the queue, there are certain of these regional projects, which really satisfy a lot of those transmission – or excuse me, renewable energy projects that are in the queue. And you do the analysis and you sit there and say, gosh, no one could be no one. I shouldn’t say that. It would be hard for people to argue that this isn’t a project that isn’t going to be significantly beneficial to the MISO footprint, frankly, to our country. So I can’t put those as no regrets, low risk, let’s call them that way. Lower-risk projects relatively speaking, compared to some that may have more complications. And so when you look at that scenario one, we think from our perspective, right, beauty’s in the – holder, but from our perspective, and we think there are several of those in there that need to be – they need to move forward. So that’s what I mean. We haven’t outlined which of those that we believe are there, and this is part of the collaborative process that we go through with MISO and other key stakeholders. But that’s how we think. Really lower risk is probably a better term to characterize those projects as.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Fair enough. And then sort of a technical question. There was this discovery dispute in the Missouri rate case on the Smart Energy Plan. And if you look to me like basically, they did to address in their testimony or rebottle or what have you. And I just wanted to make sure, has that really been resolved? I just wasn’t clear to me from what they were saying, they didn’t really seem to address it and the revenue requirement everything didn’t seem to penalize you or anything for the recommendation. So my question is, has that issue been taken care of?
Marty Lyons: Paul, it’s Marty. I can’t say whether it’s been fully taken care of everybody’s satisfaction. I will tell you this, we do look to work constructively with all the parties in these rate reviews to get everybody the information they need in a timely basis to make decisions. And to your point, do not believe it’s an active issue in terms of a quantified difference between our position and the positions of others in the case. So hopefully, we have resolved that issue fully. But like you said, it’s not manifesting itself today in any kind of difference between the parties.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Great. And then finally, back to the 2024 question. I realize it’s very early, but it does seem like a big opportunity with – to the Illinois legislation. And I’m just wondering when you guys might incorporate it the potential outlook with it into your long-term guidance. I mean it doesn’t sound like it will be anything immediate, but I was just wondering, could it be a year from now or so that you guys would feel more comfortable talking about its potential benefit impact to the long-term growth outlook? Or would you be basically waiting until I guess, whenever the 2023 decision was made kind of, so to speak?
Marty Lyons: Sure. Yes, Paul, this is Marty. It’s a fair question. We’ll provide a lot more guidance, right, on that specific question and others when we come with our longer-term guidance in February. We’ll give you our view, right, on how we think about the guidance that we set in and how we think about regulatory frameworks and all those types of things. So sit here today, obviously, nothing to change, nothing to talk about other than as we’ve said, we think it’s a constructive piece of legislation that we anticipate assuming that things go well in the workshops, so we would file for a multi-year rate plan. How we embed that into our long-term guidance in early 2022, stay tuned. We’ll be able to provide more detail on that.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Awesome. Well, thanks so much, and congratulations again and have a great one.
Marty Lyons: Thanks, Paul. You do the same.
Operator: Thanks. And our next question comes from David Paz with Wolfe. Please state your question.
Warner Baxter: Hello David, how are you doing?
David Paz: Hey Warner, how are you doing? Congratulations on both of you and Marty.
Warner Baxter: Thank you.
Marty Lyons: Thanks, David. Thank you.
David Paz: I just want to follow-up on a couple of quick questions. Just the following-up on the 1,200 megawatt maybe lots of Missouri question. I understand the spend is not in your stated outlook, financial outlook, but is any of the equity for that investment in your financing plan?
Michael Moehn: Yes. Hey David, this is Michael. I mean that $17 billion plan again out there. The equity that we talked about back in third are really supports that $17 billion plan. It’s again sort of there by default that win is not in there, there’s no equity in there for.
David Paz: Got it. And then in an earlier question, Michael, did you say that you would be going forward your growth rate off of 2022 guidance or 2021 actuals when you were talking about the February update?
Michael Moehn: Yes. I was just referring to last February, David, when we gave the 6% to 8% earnings per share growth guidance, it was off of that midpoint of 3.75%. And so that’s where people should continue to stay focused. We obviously gave you some 2022 select items here to think about in the third quarter, and then we’ll obviously roll forward stuff and give you a specific guidance in February of 2022.
David Paz: I see. Okay. Great. And maybe just a last question. I think Marty, can you provide an update maybe on just how settlement talks are going in the rate case or whether they’re still going?
Marty Lyons: Yes. Thanks, David. The settlement talks really get going here over the next couple of weeks. We actually have, as we laid out in the slide, server battle testimony that’s actually do Friday. So I think all the parties are focused on that. And then soon after that, the parties will be pulling together reconciliations of the differences between our case and the updated positions of the staff, in particular, but also other parties. And then settlement discussions will get underway. As you know, again, is our – right now, the evidence you’re hearing are really scheduled to begin right after Thanksgiving on November 29. So my expectation is that starting next week and all the way through that time period, there’ll be settlement discussions, hopefully, to narrow the issues and if possible, to resolve the entire case. Obviously, we have been successful in settling a number of cases that we’ve had over the past several years, including the last rate review. So we certainly expect to work towards that goal. And like I said, those discussions will really be happening between now and likely the beginning of those evidentiary hearings.
David Paz: Great. Thank you so much.
Warner Baxter: Thanks, David. See you next week.
Operator: Thank you. And we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. So I’ll now turn the call back over to Andrew Kirk for closing remarks.
Andrew Kirk: Thank you for participating in this call. A replay of this call will be available for one year on our website. If you have questions, you may call the contacts listed on our earnings release. Financial inquiries should be directed to me, Andrew Kirk. Media should call Tony Paraino, Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren, and looking forward to seeing many of you next week at EEI. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference. All parties may disconnect. Have a good day.

===== 2021 Q2  (2021-08-06 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to Ameren Corporation’s Second Quarter 2021 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] Please note this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Andrew Kirk, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Kirk. You may begin.
Andrew Kirk: Thank you and good morning. On the call with me today are Warner Baxter, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Michael Moehn, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer as well as other members of the Ameren management team joining us remotely. Warner and Michael will discuss our earnings results and guidance as well as provide a business update. Then we will open the call for questions. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate-only as of the date of today’s live broadcast and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on the amereninvestors.com homepage that will be referenced by our speakers. As noted on Page 2 of the presentation, comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, strategies, targets, estimates, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the forward-looking statements section in the news release we issued yesterday and the forward-looking statements and risk factors sections in our filings with the SEC. Lastly, all per share earnings amounts discussed during today’s presentation, including earnings guidance, are presented on a diluted basis, unless otherwise noted. Now, here is Warner, who will start on Page 4 of our presentation.
Warner Baxter: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. This morning, I will begin with the statement that I have been making for quite some time now. Simply put, our team continues to effectively execute our strategic plan across all of our businesses, which includes making significant investments in our energy infrastructure to enhance the reliability and resiliency of the energy grid as well as transition to a cleaner energy future in a responsible fashion. These investments, coupled with our continued focus on disciplined cost management delivering significant value to our customers, communities and shareholders. Moving now to our second quarter earnings results, yesterday, we announced second quarter 2021 earnings of $0.80 per share. Our earnings were down $0.18 per share from the same time period in 2020, primarily due to a change in the seasonal electric rate design at Ameren Missouri that reduced earnings $0.19 per share. The impact of this change in rate design will reverse in the third quarter of 2021 and is not expected to impact full year results. Michael will discuss the other key drivers of our strong quarter earnings results a bit later. Due to the continued strong execution of our strategy, I am pleased to report that we remain on track to deliver within our 2021 earnings guidance range of $3.65 per share to $3.85 per share. Speaking of the execution of our strategy, let’s move to Page 5, where we reiterate our strategic plan. The first pillar of our strategy stresses investing in and operating our utilities in a manner consistent with existing regulatory frameworks. This has driven our multiyear focus on investing in energy infrastructure with a long-term benefit of our customers. As a result and as you can see on the right side of this page, during the first 6 months of this year, we invested significant capital in each of our business segments, including wind generation at Ameren Missouri, which I will discuss later. These investments are delivering value to our customers. As I said before, our energy grid is stronger, more resilient and more secure, because of the investments we are making in all four business segments. Consistent with the Missouri Smart Energy Plan, we have made significant investments to harden energy grid, which has reduced outages and installed nearly 300,000 electric smart meters for customers. These smart meters will help customers better manage their usage and control their overall energy costs. In Illinois, we continue to execute on our electric distribution and gas modernization action plans. The plans include investments to strengthen electric power poles. We placed gas transmission pipelines and compression coupled steel mains as well as to implement new efficiency measures, including mobile enhanced communications and assessment capabilities for our careers. These improvements, along with our investments in outage detection technology, were resulting in improvements in system reliability and millions of dollars in savings for customers. Moving now to regulatory matters, in late March, Ameren Missouri filed a request for a $299 million increase in annual electric service revenues and a $9 million increase in annual natural gas revenues with the Missouri Public Service Commission. In our Illinois Electric business, we requested a $60 million base rate increase in our required annual electric distribution rate filing. These proceedings are all moving along on schedule. We will be able to provide you information on these proceedings as they develop later this summer and into the fall. Finally, we have remained relentlessly focused on continuous improvement and disciplined cost management, including retaining the cost savings that we realized in 2020 due to the actions we took to mitigate the impacts of COVID-19. Moving to Page 6 and the second pillar of our strategy, enhancing regulatory frameworks and advocating for responsible energy and economic policies. Starting in Missouri, in May, the Missouri legislator passed the bill, allowing for securitization in the state. This constructive legislation which is trying by governance parsing in July give us another important regulatory tool to facilitate our transition to a cleaner energy future and a cost effective manner for our customers. However, as we have stated in the past, a robust integrated resource plan does not rely on securitization to be successful. Our flexible and responsible plan, which includes approximately $8 billion of investments in renewable energy through 2040, the retirement of all of our coal-fired energy centers and extending the life of our carbon-free Callaway nuclear energy center focuses on getting the energy we provide to our customers as clean as we can, as fast as we can without compromising from reliability, customer affordability and the evolution of new clean energy technologies. And as I will touch on later, I am pleased to say that we are already taking steps to implement this important plan for our customers, the State of Missouri and our country. Moving now to Illinois, last month, the Illinois Commerce Commission approved Ameren Illinois electric vehicle charging program. Under this program, we are able to support the development of a network of charging infrastructure in Central and Southern Illinois as well as implement special time-based delivery service rates and other incentives to help encourage the use of electric vehicles. We are excited about this new program, because it will drive greater electrification of the transportation sector as well as help the state of Illinois move towards its clean energy goals. Moving to legislative efforts, as many of you know, we have been working to enhance the regulatory framework for our Illinois Electric business. The performance-based regulatory framework in place today has delivered strong value for customers and shareholders over the years. However, the framework is scheduled to sunset in 2022. As a result, we have been working with key stakeholders to develop constructive long-term regulatory policies that support important investments in energy infrastructure, while enabling us to earn fair returns on those investments. As you know, throughout the regulator legislative session, which ended late May, we advocated for the Downstate Clean Energy Affordability Act which was largely extended the existing framework until 2032, while putting in place provisions that would set the Ameren Illinois electric distribution ROE at the national average. At the same time, many other energy-related legislative proposals from other stakeholders were proposed during the legislative session, including proposals from Governor Pritzker, labor and environmental groups, to address the closure of nuclear plants in the states, Illinois clean energy transition and the electric distribution framework going forward. For months, stakeholders have been in discussion seeking to find an appropriate compromise to all these proposals. While progress is made in these issues, the regular legislative session ended on May 31 with no energy legislation being put before the Senate or House of Representatives for a vote. A special session was called in mid-June to further discuss draft energy legislation, but no bill was filed nor action taken. Needless to say, we will continue to work with key stakeholders to find a constructive solution to this important matter. Turning to Page 7 for an update on FERC regulatory matters, in April, FERC issued a supplemental notice of proposed rulemaking, or NOPR, on electric transmission return on equity incentive adder for participation in the regional transmission organization, or RTO. As you may recall, under the NOPR, the RTO incentive adder would be removed from utilities that have been members of an RTO for 3 years or more, like the Ameren Illinois and ATXI. We have been very clear that we disagreed with FERC proposed recommendation in this matter for a number of reasons and recently filed comments strongly posing the removal of the adder. Of course, we are unable to predict the ultimate outcome or timing of this matter as the FERC is under no timeline to issue a decision. In addition, in June, the FERC issued an order establishing a joint federal state task force and electric transmission. This order establishes a first of its kind task force to respond with state commission’s transmission-related issues including how to plan and pay for transmission facilities, recognizing that federal and state regulators share authority over different aspects of these transmission-related issues. The task force will be comprised of the FERC commissioners and representatives nominated by the National Association of Regulatory Utility Commissioners from 10 state commissions. The first public meeting is expected to be held this fall. Also last month, the FERC issued an advanced notice of proposed rulemaking related to regional transmission planning and cost allocation processes, including critical long-term planning for anticipated future generation needs. We continue to asses the managed rates in the advanced NOPR and expect to file comments with the FERC this fall. Again, we are unable to predict the ultimate timing or outcome of this matter as FERC is under no timeline to issue a decision. Speaking to plan for future transmissions, please turn to Page 8. As I discussed on the call in May, MISO completed a study outlining a potential roadmap of transmission projects through 2039, taking into consideration the rapidly evolving generation mix that includes significant additions of renewable generation based on announced utility integrated resource plans, state mandates and goals for clean imaging or carbon emission reductions, among other things. Under MISO’s Future 1 scenario, which is the scenario that resulted in an approximate 60% carbon-emission reduction below 2005 levels by 2039 MISO estimates approximately $30 billion of future transmission investment in the MISO footprint. Further, MISO’s Future 3 scenario resulted in an 80% reduction in carbon emissions below 2005 levels by 2039. Under this scenario, MISO estimates approximately $100 billion of transmission investment in the MISO footprint will be needed. It is clear that investment in transmission is going to play a critical role in the clean energy transition and we are well-positioned to plan and execute potential projects in the future for the benefit of our customers and country. We continue to work with MISO and other key stakeholders and believe certain projects outlined in Future 1 are likely to be included in this year’s MISO’s transmission planning process, which is currently scheduled to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2021. However, it is possible the process could go into the first quarter of 2022. Moving now to Page 9 for an update on our $1.1 billion wind generation investment related to the acquisition of 700 megawatts of new wind generation at 2 sites in Missouri. Ameren Missouri closed on the acquisition of its first wind energy center, a 400 megawatt project in Northeast Missouri in December. In January, Ameren Missouri acquired a second wind generation project, the 300 megawatt Atchison Renewable Energy Center located in Northwest Missouri. I am pleased to report that as of the end of the second quarter, the Atchison Renewable Energy Center is now in service. With both facilities now operating, it marks a key milestone as we continue to transition our energy portfolio towards a cleaner energy future. Turning now to Page 10 and an update on Missouri’s Callaway energy center. As we have previously discussed, during its return to full power, as part of its 24th refueling and maintenance outage in late December 2020, Callaway experienced a non-nuclear operating issue related to its generator. A thorough investigation of this matter was conducted and a decision was made to rewind the generator stator and rotor in order to safely and sustainably return to energy center to service. I am pleased to report that the generator project was executed very well and that the energy center returned to service on August 4. The completion of this project positions Callaway for a sustainable long-term future. The cost of the capital project was approximately $60 million. As we have said previously, the insurance claims for the capital project and replacement power have been accepted by our insurance carrier, which will mitigate the impacts of this outage for our customers. In addition, we do not expect this matter to have a significant impact on Ameren’s financial results. Turning to Page 11, we remain focused on delivering a sustainable energy future for our customers, communities and our country. This page summarizes our strong sustainability value proposition for environmental, social and governance matters and is consistent with our vision, leading the way to a sustainable energy future. Beginning with environmental stewardship, last September, Ameren announced its transformational plan to achieve net-zero carbon emissions by 2050 across all of our operations in Missouri and Illinois. This plan includes interim carbon-emission reduction targets of 50% and 85% below 2005 levels in 2030 and 2040 respectively and is consistent with the objectives of the Paris agreement and limiting global temperature rise to 1.5 degrees Celsius. We also have a strong long-term commitment to our customers and communities to be socially responsible and economically impactful. Finally, our strong corporate covenants is led by a diverse Board of Directors focused on strong oversight that’s aligned with ESG matters. And our executive compensation practices include performance metrics that are tied to sustainable long-term performance, diversity, equity and inclusion and progress towards a cleaner, sustainable energy future. I encourage you to take some time to read more about our strong sustainability value proposition. You can find all of our ESG-related reports at amereninvestors.com. Turning now to Page 12, looking ahead, we have a strong sustainable growth proposition, which will be driven by a robust pipeline of investment opportunities of over $40 billion over the next decade that will deliver significant value to all our stakeholders in making the energy grid stronger, smarter and cleaner. Importantly, these investment opportunities exclude any new vehemently better special transmission projects, including the potential road map of MISO transmission projects I discussed earlier, all of which would increase the reliability and resiliency of the energy grid as well as enable our country’s transition to a cleaner energy future. In addition, we expect to see greater focus from a policy perspective and infrastructure investments to support the electrification of the transportation sector. Our outlook through 2030 does not include significant event structure investments for electrification at this time. Of course, our investment opportunities will not only create stronger and cleaner energy grid to meet our customers’ needs and exceed their expectations, but they would also create thousands of jobs for our local economies. Maintaining constructive energy policies that support robust investment in energy infrastructure and a transition to a cleaner energy future and is safe, reliable and affordable fashion will be critical to meeting our country’s future energy needs and delivering on our customers’ expectations. Moving to Page 13, to sum up our value proposition, we remain firmly convinced that the execution of our strategy in 2021 and beyond will deliver superior value to our customers, shareholders and the environment. In February, we issued our 5-year growth outlook, which included a 6% to 8% compound annual earnings growth rate from 2021 to 2025. This earnings growth is primarily driven by strong rate base growth and compares very favorably with our regulated utility peers. Importantly, our 5-year earnings and rate base growth projections do not include 1,200 megawatts of incremental renewable investment opportunities outlined in Ameren Missouri’s and greater resource plan. Our team continues to assess several renewable generation proposals from developers. We expect to file this year with the Missouri PSC for certificates of convenience and necessity for a portion of these planned renewable investments. I am confident in our ability to execute our investment plans and strategies across all four of our business segments, which we have an experienced and dedicated team to get it done. That fact, coupled with our sustained past execution and our strategy on many fronts has positioned us well for future success. Further, our shares continue to offer the investors a solid dividend, which we expect to grow in line with our long-term earnings per share growth guidance. Simply put, we believe our strong earnings and dividend growth outlook results in a very attractive total return opportunity for shareholders. Again, thank you all for joining us today. I will now turn to Michael.
Michael Moehn: Thanks, Warner and good morning everyone. Turning now to Page 15 of our presentation, yesterday, we reported second quarter 2021 earnings of $0.80 per share compared to $0.98 per share for the year-ago quarter. Earnings in Ameren Missouri, our largest segment, decreased $0.18 per share, driven primarily by a change in seasonal electric rate design, resulting from the March 2020 rate order, which provided for winter rates in May and summer rates in September rather than the blended rates used in both months in 2020. The rate design change decrease earnings $0.19 per share and is not expected to impact full year results. Earnings were also impacted by the timing of income tax expense, which decreased earnings $0.03 per share and is not expected to impact full year results. As Warner mentioned, during the quarter, we remain relentlessly focused on continuous improvement and discipline cost management and have been able to largely maintained the level of operations and maintenance savings this quarter that we experienced during the year-ago period, which was significantly affected COVID-19. The increase in other operations and maintenance expenses, which decreased earnings $0.02 per share, was primarily due to more favorable market returns on the cash surrender value of company-owned life insurance in the year-ago period. As you can see, we have worked hard this year to control costs where we can. The amortization of deferred expenses related to the fall 2020 Callaway Energy Center scheduled refueling and maintenance outage and higher interest expense primarily due to higher long-term debt balances outstanding also decreased earnings $0.02 per share. These factors were partially offset by an increase in earnings of $0.05 per share due to increased investments in infrastructure and wind generation, eligible for plant and service accounting and the Renewable Energy Standard Rate Adjustment Mechanism, or RESRAM. Higher electric retail sales also increased earnings by approximately $0.04 per share, largely due to continued economic recovery in this year’s second quarter compared to the unfavorable impacts of COVID-19 in the year-ago period. We’ve included on this page the year-over-year weather-normalized sales variances for the quarter. Overall weather-normalized sales are largely consistent with our expectations outlined in our call in February as we still expect total sales to be up approximately 2% in 2021 compared to 2020. Moving to other segments, Ameren Transmission earnings declined $0.03 per share over year, which reflected the absence of the prior year benefit from the May 2020 FERC order addressing the allowed base return on equity, which more than offset earnings on increased infrastructure investment. Earnings for Ameren oil natural gas decreased $0.01 per share. Increased delivery service rates that became effective in late January 2021 were offset by a change in rate design, which is not expected to impact full year results. Ameren Illinois electric distribution earnings increased $0.02 per share, which reflected increased infrastructure investments and a higher allowed ROE under performance-based rate making. Ameren parent and other results were also up $0.02 per share compared to the second quarter of 2020 primarily due to the timing of income tax expense, which is not expected to impact full year results. And finally, 2021 earnings per share reflected higher weighted average shares outstanding. Before moving on, I will touch on year-to-date sales trends for Illinois Electric distribution. Weather normalized kilowatt hour sales to Illinois residential customers decreased 1%. And weather normalized kilowatt hour sales to Illinois commercial and industrial customers increased 2.5% and 2% respectively. Recall that changes in electric sales in Illinois, no matter the cause, do not affect our earnings since we have full revenue decoupling. Turning to Page 16, now I’d like to briefly touch on key drivers impacting our 2021 earnings guidance. We’re off to a strong first half in 2021. And as Warner stated, we continue to expect 2021 diluted earnings to be in the range of $3.65 to $3.85 per share. Select earnings considerations for the balance of the year are listed on this page and are supplemental to the key drivers and assumptions discussed on our earnings call in February. I will note that our third quarter earnings comparison will be positively impacted by approximately $0.19 per share due to the seasonal electric rate design change effective in 2021 at Ameren Missouri that we discussed earlier. Moving now to Page 17 for an update on our regulatory matters. Starting with Ameren Missouri, as you recall, on March 31, we filed for a $299 million electric revenue increase with the Missouri Public Service Commission. The request includes a 9.9% return on equity, a 51.9% equity ratio and a September 30, 2021 estimated rate base of $10 billion. [indiscernible] will be filed in early September with the bottle testing by October 15. Evidence hearings are scheduled to begin in late November. In addition, on March 31, we filed for a $9 million natural gas revenue increase with the Missouri PSC. The request includes a 9.8% return on equity, a 51.9% equity ratio and a September 30, 2021, estimated rate base of $310 million. A Missouri PSC decision in both rate reviews is expected by early February, with new rates expected to be effective by late February. Moving down renewal – Illinois regulatory matters, in April, we made our required annual electric distribution rate update filing. Under Illinois performance-based ratemaking, these annual rate updates systematically adjust cash flows over time for changes in cost of service and true up any prior period over or under recovery of such costs. In late June, the ICC staff recommended a $54 million base rate increase compared to our request of a $60 million base rate increase. An ICC decision is expected in December with new rates expected to be effective in January 2022. Moving to Page 18. In early June, Ameren published a sustainability financing framework, becoming one of the first utilities in the nation to do so. Under this framework, Ameren and its issuing subsidiaries may elect to finance or refinance new and existing projects that have an environmental or social benefit through green bonds, social bonds, sustainability bonds, green loans or other financial instruments. Given the amount of investment activity at Ameren and the utility subsidiaries are pursuing, that have environmental or social benefits, we expect to be a relatively frequent issuer under our sustainability financing framework. In June, both Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois issued green bonds consistent with this new financing framework. More information about this framework is available at amereninvestors.com. Turning to Page 19 for a financing and liquidity update, we continue to feel very good about our liquidity and financial position. As I just mentioned in June, Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois issued green bonds with the net proceeds to be allocated to sustainable projects, meeting certain eligibility requirements under the sustainability financing framework. Additional debt issuances are outlined on this page. Further, earlier this year, we physically settled the remaining shares under our forward equity sale agree for proceeds of approximately $115 million. In order for us to maintain our credit ratings and a strong balance sheet while we found our robust infrastructure plan, we expected to issue a total of approximately $150 million of common equity in 2021 under the at-the-market or ATM program established in May. This is consistent with prior guidance provided in February and May. And to date, approximately $122 million of equity has been issued through this program. Our $750 million ATM equity program is expected to support our equity needs through 2023. Finally, Ameren’s available liquidity as of July 30 was approximately $1.8 billion. Lastly, turning to Page 20, we are well positioned to continue to execute on our plan. We continue to expect to deliver strong earnings growth in 2021 as we successfully execute our strategy. And as we look to the longer term, we expect strong earnings per share growth driven by a robust rate base growth and disciplined cost management. Further, we believe this growth will compare favorably with the growth of our regulated peers. Ameren shares continue to offer investors an attractive dividend. In total, we have a strong total shareholder return story that compares very favorably to our peers. That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Jeremy Tonet: Good morning.
Warner Baxter: Good morning. How are you doing, sir?
Jeremy Tonet: Good. Good. Thank you. Just want to see how you think about the Missouri securitization legislation as a tool for transitioning the fleet. Just wondering if you – any thoughts you have there? Are there any particular reasons that could be more or less attractive for you to use versus kind of other considerations we should be thinking about?
Warner Baxter: Excuse me. Thanks, Jeremy. Yes, look, as we’ve said before, we’ve said securitization is a great regulatory tool and one that we don’t see is necessary to execute our integrated resource plan, but certainly a great regulatory tool. So in the big picture, as we go down the path, if we see changes in policies, change in economic conditions or really the overall economics for renewables, perhaps we will look at securitization as a tool to use. But right now, we are very comfortable and like our integrated resource plan and complement Marty Lyons and his team really did a nice job working with stakeholders to get that across the finish line. And so Marty, why don’t you come on in and see if you have any additional comments on the securitization tool that we have available to us.
Marty Lyons: Yes, Warner. Well, you described it very well. And Jeremy, thanks for the question. We outlined on Slide 25, our transition over time. It’s the integrated resource plan that we filed last fall. And as Warner mentioned, that plan and the execution of that plan were not dependent upon utilization of securitization. Really, what you see there is our plan as it stands today as to use our low-cost, reliable coal fleet as a foundation to bring in more renewables over time and provide reliable power to our customers. But as Warner said, to the extent situations change and require adjustments to this plan, it could be that securitization would be a very good tool to have in our toolbox to perhaps make this transition more swiftly and do it in a way that provides affordable rates to our customers. So, I think a really good tool to have in the toolbox, but again, not needed today as we look at this integrated resource plan.
Jeremy Tonet: Great. That’s really helpful color there. Maybe just kind of shifting gears here. Have you seen any developments in MISO as work progresses towards year-end project updates there? Just wondering if you might be able to expand a bit more, I guess, your thoughts there and what that could mean for Ameren?
Warner Baxter: Sure. Thanks, Jeremy. And look, as we discussed really on our last quarter call and as we talked about in our prepared remarks. We really see transmission investment as being critical for our country’s transition to a clean energy future. And certainly, MISO being right in the middle of the country is going to play an integral role. And obviously, we have a big footprint in MISO. And so as we have looked at it, MISO has really done a fine job from our perspective. And we are really looking out to see what some of those long-range transmission projects might be. No, they are not definitive yet, but they laid out a real nice plan for us to really think about and work with key stakeholders. And that’s exactly what we have been doing working without the key stakeholders and say, okay, what are these projects that we need to move forward with. I would say MISO is still in the middle of that process with us and so many others. And as you know, they will take that long-range plan that we outlined in our slides. And they are going to put that and include aspects of that thinking in MISO’s transmission expansion plan, which is a process that we will, hopefully, see moving forward by the end of this year. So, beyond that, I would say the conversations and analysis continues. The only thing I will say is that we believe we are well positioned to execute many of those projects. And we believe if you look at that Future 1, that some of those projects are going to likely be in this intent that comes out here at the end of this year or perhaps some maybe into early next year, because those are some no regrets projects that are in there that we need to move forward on, not just in the Midwest but for our country. So, we can move forward on this clean energy transition. So, nothing specific yet, but needless to say, there is a lot of work going around with the teams to try and move forward on this important aspect of the clean energy transition. So, stay tuned, more to come.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it. That’s very helpful. Thanks for that. I will leave it there.
Warner Baxter: Thanks. Thanks, Jeremy. Have a good weekend.
Jeremy Tonet: You too.
Operator: And our next question is from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Warner Baxter: How are you? Good morning Paul.
Paul Patterson: Good morning. How are you?
Warner Baxter: Well, good here.
Paul Patterson: Good to hear. So, just to sort of follow-up on Jeremy’s question there on the MTAP process and the transmission opportunities, which sound pretty exciting. One of the questions, I guess, that sort of comes up here is as you are aware, that in Missouri, there is this clean energy line. I forgot the exact name, but you are familiar with it. It’s the one that’s been held up by challenges to it. It seems like forever. It’s not your line. It’s more like a merchant line. But in general, how should we think about once MISO is sort of identified, etcetera, the – bringing those – assuming that you guys get a good line of sight on opportunities for yourselves, how should we think about siding or permitting, etcetera, with respect to some of these projects in the context of that example that I have mentioned versus some of the add-ons and stuff that don’t seem to have as much in the way of hurdles, do you follow what I am saying?
Warner Baxter: Paul, a bit complicated. So, let me tell you, its Grain Belt is the name of the line that you are referring to.
Paul Patterson: Sorry. That slipped my mind.
Warner Baxter: Yes. And so I will make a couple of comments. And then Marty, you can talk about how the Grain Belt project has been incorporated, in some respects, at least commented upon in our integrated resource plan. But just big picture, whether it’s the Grain Belt or any transmission, obviously, permitting and siding is an important aspect of transmission. I think this is why you are seeing FERC and others, state commissions and others and legislators, take a very careful look at this because we have recognized that that’s an important aspect of getting any of these major transmission projects done. And some significant transmission projects are going to have to be done to – for us to affect the clean energy transition. And so one of the things I will tell you, we work very hard as a company at this, and that is being very thoughtful and reaching out with stakeholders in the communities early and often to talk about the needs for the transmission line, but also how we can work with those stakeholders in those communities, so we can get the permitting and signing done in a timely fashion. Shawn Schukar and his team have done that for years and years now. And this is why you have seen the success that we had in the last multi-valued projects that MISO did almost a decade ago. Now those projects were so successful is because a lot of work was done on the front end, so we could execute on the back end. As we look forward to any future transmission project, that’s exactly what we will continue to do. Now Grain Belt, obviously, as you rightfully said, that is not our project. But certainly it’s something that has received a lot of attention in Missouri and otherwise. And so Marty, I want you to comment a little bit about some of the things that we have been looking at in terms of Grain Belt as part of our integrated resource planning process.
Marty Lyons: Yes, sure, Warner, and I am happy to comment. So, I mentioned our integrated resource plan we filed last fall. And again, back on that Slide 25, where we depict our plan, that’s really our preferred plan out from the Integrated Resource Plan as we move forward. But as we develop that plan, we looked at a number of scenarios in terms of the path forward to get to what we believe to be the most reliable and affordable path forward. And in these scenarios, certainly, we evaluated utilization of Grain Belt as well as many other kinds of scenarios. And where we stand right now in terms of our integrated resource plan, as you all know, we did put out a request for proposals last year on various resources that might be available to fulfill our needs. Obviously, our ambition is to acquire, 1,200 megawatts of renewables, wind, solar, through 2025. And we do still expect to file later this year with the PSC for certificates of convenience and necessity for a portion of those planned projects. But as we go through broadly, looking at just the next 5 years, but even beyond, certainly, we will continue to consider all options, including utilization of Grain Belt as we think about fulfilling those needs. In terms of your question, Paul, I think you were asking about large-scale transmission, smaller-scale transmission. As we go about looking at the various resources that might fulfill our needs, certainly, we work closely with Shawn and his team and think very much about the transmission investments that will be required to facilitate investment in any of those projects, whether wind or solar. And it’s an important part of our consideration as we think about the resources that will be most affordable for our customers.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Great. And then just finally on Illinois, I mean you mentioned in your remarks, and I am just sort of – do you have any sense as to whether or not something happens in the next, I guess, couple of months here or I mean you guys are obviously a lot closer to it than I am. I am just sort of wondering if you had any odds on something in Illinois what those odds might be for something getting done.
Warner Baxter: Sure. Thanks, Paul. I have learned long ago not to make predictions about legislation. And especially in this particular case, it’s a complex piece of legislation. The only thing I can say is what I have said before and I will say again, Richard, Mark and his team, they have been working tirelessly for many months now with key stakeholders to try and forge a path forward. That is a constructive solution that’s going to enable us to make the investments we need to make in the energy grid and earn fair returns in the State of Illinois. And in so doing enhance reliability, create jobs and help really the State of Illinois and our country move towards a clean energy future. So, all of those things are all true. They remain true today, and we continue to be at the table with key stakeholders. But now I am not going to make any prediction in terms of time, weather or any timing, but rest assured, we are working hard at it, and we are at the table with the key stakeholders to try and get the constructive solution done.
Paul Patterson: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Warner Baxter: Good morning Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi. Good morning team. Thank you for this time and the opportunity. I appreciate it.
Warner Baxter: Absolutely.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So perhaps just let’s kick it off with our favorite subject here. And I want to hear your thoughts and perspectives around this June task force, right? You mentioned FERC and joining forces here. That seems like a fairly potent combination to drive real change, right? So I would be curious, what do you – what is the focus here? And specifically, what key issues are you asking them to address, right? When it comes to utilities, not HVDC lines with their own challenges and prospects, but from your perspective, tangibly, how can they step in and help you all?
Warner Baxter: You bet. Thanks, Julien. Look, we are encouraged that the Federal regulators and State regulators are not only talking, but they are trying to find a path forward. Because as I have said now several times on this call, the transmission is going to be a critical component of getting these major transmission projects done for our country. And so as we all know, the Federal regulators, FERC and the State regulators, their jurisdictions or lose the issues can sometimes overlap. And so things that are really important all the time is how we can sort through permitting and sighting. And clearly, another issue around transmission projects, especially these regional projects, which we are talking about in large part with these MISO projects, how you allocate the costs fairly and appropriately. And so what I think, Julian, what will happen with some of these conversations and what we hope to have happened is that there is a better understanding of the issues, perhaps a bit of a meeting of the minds, and so we can start moving forward in a more timely fashion than we might have otherwise had. And of course, when we are making the types of investments that we are making that we want to have, let’s say, greater levels of regulatory certainty. And so these things, I think, will be helpful. I am not suggesting that this task force will solve it all. But I think what it will do will provide a great forum for stakeholders, not just regulators, companies like ours and others to come to the table and say, “Okay, here are things that really matter, and here is how we can lean further forward in the transmission space,” which we, needless to say, strongly support the need to lean forward, further, faster in the transmission space.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Alright. Fair enough. And then if I can, I mean, let’s move it back to your own portfolio there. How are you thinking about transmission interconnect delays, costs, etcetera, just as you think about your own efforts? And then what are you observing regionally? Again, clearly, the need for transmission is principally evidenced by the elevated cost of interconnection costs and that translating to a relatively stagnant trajectory of processing this queue. Are you seeing issues with your own projects? And then more broadly, are you seeing these elevated costs with other developers in and around insurance sectors? If you can elaborate on it.
Warner Baxter: Yes, lots to unpack in there, and so let me make a few comments. So number one, Marty a moment ago was talking about how we proceed to the integrated resource planning process. And he also said, a key element of the projects that we look at and select really look very hard at transmission, interconnections, where developers may be in the queue, to try and move things forward. And that’s frankly how we were successful in moving in a very thoughtful and timely fashion with our 700 megawatts of wind generation. So, what we are seeing there, this is all part of our due diligence. Are you seeing sort of a backup, yes. Are you seeing now that organizations like MISO are looking beyond just today, looking to the future with this long-term resource planning effort, the answer to that is yes, and that’s why we support it. It will, we believe, help alleviate, in the future, if you look sort of a decade out, which is really when you think about transmission projects, look just for tomorrow, you look, say, a decade out, what are the things that we need to be doing today to position ourselves for success in the future. So, we are encouraged by that. Are we seeing the increases in prices or challenges, well, it’s premature to say that. We are still going through the process, still talking to developers, working with MISO and others. But the only thing I do know is that we have, I would say, unique expertise to provide the analysis, but also unique expertise to execute these important transmission projects, not just for our projects, but frankly, the projects that I will have regional and frankly, countrywide, positive implications to move forward to clean energy transition. So, I don’t know if, Julien, that answered your specific question. This is certainly an important aspect of what we are seeing, but this is not new to us. And I will finish with this, too. The other encouraging thing that we are seeing is that, in particular, in this instance, MISO is working with the other regional transmission organizations, in this particular instance, SPP, to try and coordinate even better some of these transmission projects and needs. So, you don’t have surprises, right, when it comes time to try and move forward with a particular renewal energy project. That, too, is encouraging. And we look forward to the results of that collaborative effort from those two organizations. And I am sure PJM and MISO will be having similar conversations sometime done ago.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Alright. Excellent. Sorry to squeeze in one more. But just obviously, you have identified there are certain renewable opportunities that are excluded from your 5-year outlook. And I know to certainly say that 5-year outlook is also going to be rolled forward here in the next few – in six months. Can you talk about the next data points that we should be watching in terms of more formally, including some of those projects into your plan just time line to have from that?
Warner Baxter: You bet. You stated it correctly, Julien, that none of these large regional projects that we outlined in our slides are reflected not only in our 5-year plan, but as you know, we look out 10 years, that $40 billion, we say $40 billion plus, while that big plus to that item is the potential for these large regional transmission projects. So, we are excited about that opportunity to be able to execute some of those. So, what’s the next thing to look at, look, I think that the MTAP, the MISO transmission expansion planning process, that will be really sort of your next visible sign. You will probably see – there may be some information out there towards the end of the third quarter into the fourth quarter. But the process itself, which ultimately goes before the Board of Directors of MISO, will be really in the fourth quarter at the earliest, as I said in my prepared remarks. That could go into the first quarter of next year. But that would be probably, I would say, part of the next data point, if you will, but not – but to be clear, as I said before, a lot of work is going on today to try and make sure that, that is gone as smoothly as possible. But that’s what I would be looking for a little bit later. Michael, you have a point there.
Michael Moehn: Yes, Julien, I think the only other thing with respect to the renewable projects, the data point there, I think Warner maybe even said this in his opening remarks, is it really that regulatory process. So, look for those CCN filings in the back half of this year, that’s really going to get those kick start from the approval standpoint. That’s, again, those are really speaking to the RFP process itself. Warner was really talking about the transmission.
Warner Baxter: Yes. Well said. Thank you, Michael. That’s exactly right. We said we expect to be filing for sub-CCH still here by the end of this year. So, that would be another important data point to be looking for incremental capital expenditure opportunities.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. We will watch to look at. Excellent. Thank you all very much.
Warner Baxter: Thanks Julien. Have a good weekend.
Operator: And we have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. And I’ll now turn the call over to Andrew Kirk for closing remarks.
Andrew Kirk: Thank you for participating in this call. A replay of this call will be available for 1 year on our website. If you have questions, you may call the contacts listed on our earnings release. Financial analyst inquiries should be directed to me, Andrew Kirk. Media should call Tony Paraino. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren, and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference, and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2021 Q1  (2021-05-11 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings and welcome to Ameren Corporation's First Quarter 2021 Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] It is now my pleasure to turn the conference over to your host, Andrew Kirk, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Kirk. You may begin.
Andrew Kirk: Thank you and good morning. On the call with me today are Warner Baxter, our Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Moehn, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, as well as other members of the Ameren management team joining us remotely. Warner and Michael will discuss our earnings results and guidance, as well as provide a business update, then we will open the call for questions. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast, and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on the amereninvestors.com homepage that will be referenced by our speakers. As noted on Page 2 of this presentation, comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, projections, strategies, targets, estimates, objectives, events, conditions, and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the forward-looking statements section in the news release we issued today and the forward-looking statements and risk factors sections in our filings with the SEC. Lastly, all per share earnings amounts discussed during today's presentation included earnings guidance are presented on a diluted basis unless otherwise noted. And here’s Warner.
Warner Baxter: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I hope you, your families and colleagues are safe and healthy. Before I begin my discussion about first quarter results and related business matters, I want to begin with a few COVID-19. It is hard to believe that we have now been addressing the challenges associated with this pandemic for over a year now. Needless to say, much has changed. However, one thing that has not changed is our relentless focus on delivering safe, reliable, cleaner and affordable electric and natural gas service for the millions of people in Missouri and Illinois that are depending on us. As I said during our year-end conference call in February, despite the significant challenges presented by COVID-19, I look to the future with optimism. In part, this was due to the aggressive distribution of vaccines throughout our country. I'm pleased to say that we are beginning to see the fruits of the incredible efforts by so many in the health care, government, public and private sectors. COVID-19 cases are down significantly from earlier in the year and restrictions have lessened. As a result, we are clearly seeing signs that the economy is improving on our service territory and across the country. Optimism was also driven by how our co-workers have consistently stepped up and addressed a multitude of challenges and capitalized on opportunities and the strong execution of our strategy that is delivering value to our customers, communities and shareholders. Together, these factors contributed to our ability to get off to a strong start in 2021, which brings me to a discussion of our first quarter results starting on Page 4. Yesterday, we announced first quarter 2021 earnings of $0.91 per share compared to earnings of $0.59 per share in the first quarter of 2020. Year-over-year increase of $0.32 per share reflected increased infrastructure investments across all of our business segments that will drive significant long-term benefits for our customers. The key drivers of first quarter results are outlined on this slide. I'm also pleased to report that we continue to effectively execute our strategic plan and remain on track to deliver within our 2021 earnings guidance range of $3.65 per share to $3.85 per share. Michael will discuss our first quarter earnings, 2021 earnings guidance and other related items in more detail later. Moving to Page 5, here we reiterate a strategic plan. The first pillar of our strategy stresses investing in and operating on our utilities in a manner consistent with existing regulatory frameworks. This has driven our multiyear focus on investing in energy infrastructure for the long-term benefit of customers. As a result, and as you can see on the right side of this page, during the first three months of this year we invested significant capital in each of our business segments including our investment in wind generation. Regarding regulatory matters in late March Ameren Missouri filed a request for a $299 million increase in annual electric service revenue with the Missouri Public Service Commission. In addition, Ameren Missouri filed a request for a $9 million increase in annual natural gas revenue with the PSC. While Michael will discuss the details of the request at a moment, I'd like to briefly touch on some of the key benefits, our electric and natural gas customers in Missouri are seeing as a result of the investments reflected in these rate requests. We are now in the third year of the Ameren Missouri’s Smart Energy Plan, which is focused on strengthening the grid, infrastructure upgrades, adding more renewable generation and creating programs to stimulate economic growth for communities across the state. Our grid modernization investments incorporates smart technology including outage detection and restoration switches as well as smart meters, which allow customers to take advantage of new rate options. These investments are delivering results to improve reliability and resiliency. For example on circuits with new smart technology upgrades, we have seen up to a 40% improvement in reliability. Of course, we also remain committed to a clean energy transition for our customers and state. This is demonstrated through our recent acquisitions of two wind generation facilities located in Northern Missouri totaling 700 megawatts. In addition, our investments are stimulating economic growth for communities across the state. I’m pleased to say that 57% of Ameren Missouri suppliers in 2020 were Missouri-based and 32% of its sourcebook capital spend was with the first suppliers. And we're doing all of these things while keeping our customers electric rates approximately 20% below the average and other Midwest states and across the country. At the same time, we remained very disciplined in managing our costs. As a result, if approved, the new electric rate requests represent a 5.4% total increased over an almost five year period, yearly average of approximately 1%. We will remain disciplined in managing our costs while we build a stronger, smarter and cleaner energy system for our customers now and in the future. Moving now to Ameren Illinois regulatory matters. In January, we received the constructive rate order from the ICC that resulted in a $76 million annual increase in gas distribution mix. New rates went into effect in late January. In our Illinois Electric Business, we made our required annual electric distribution make filing requesting a $64 million base rate increase. This filing is only the second requested increase in delivery service rates in six years. While Michael will touch on the details of our filing a bit later, I think it is important to note that for years, our Illinois customers have realized the benefits of our significant investments in energy infrastructure. This performance-based rate making began in 2012. Reliability has improved by 20% and over 1,400 jobs have been created. At the same time, electric rates are among the lowest in the country and Midwest approximately 3% below 2012 levels. This performance-based framework has been a win-win for our customers and the state of Illinois. That is why we continue to strongly advocate for performance-based regulatory framework in the Illinois legislature, which brings me to our discussion of the second pillar of our strategy, enhancing regulatory frameworks and advocating for responsible energy and economic policies on page six. As I discussed in our conference call in February, an enhanced version of the Downstate Clean Energy Affordability Act legislation was filed earlier this year which if passed would apply to both the Ameren Illinois Electric and Natural Gas Distribution businesses. This legislation would allow Ameren Illinois to make significant investments in solar energy, battery storage, and electric and gas infrastructure to continue to enhance safety and reliability as well as in the transportation electrification in order to benefit customers in the economy across Central and Southern Illinois. This important piece of legislation would also require a diverse supplier spend reporting for all electric renewable energy providers. Another key component of the Downstate Clean Energy Affordability Act is that it would allow for performance-based rate making for Ameren Illinois’ natural gas and electric distribution businesses to 2032. The proposed performance metrics will ensure investments are aligned with and are contributing to the safety and reliability of the energy grid and natural gas systems, as well as the state's vision for the transition to clean energy. Further, this legislation would modify the allowed return on equity methodology in each business to align with the average returns being earned by other gas and electric utilities across the nation. And as I noted a moment ago, this legislation builds on Ameren Illinois' efforts to invest in critical energy infrastructure under a transparent and stable regulatory framework that has supported significant investment, improved safety and reliability, and created significant new jobs, all while keeping electric rates well below the Midwest and national averages. This bill would also move the State of Illinois closer to reaching its goal of 100% clean energy by 2050. With all of these benefits in mind, we are focused on working with key stakeholders to get this important legislation passed. To-date, the Downstate Clean Energy Affordability Act has received strong bipartisan support from members of the Senate and House. Currently, House Bill 1734 has 49 sponsors, and Senate Bill 311 has 21 sponsors. As I'm sure you know, there are also several other energy-related bills being considered by the legislature. We will continue to be actively engaged with key stakeholders throughout the legislative session on these important energy policy matters. The spring session is currently set in May 31. Turning to Page 7 for an update on FERC regulatory matters, In April, FERC issued a supplemental notice of proposed rulemaking on the electric transmission return on equity incentive adder for participation in a Regional Transmission Organization or RTO. In the supplemental notice, the firm proposes to limit the duration of the 50 basis point ROE incentive adder for companies that join an RTO to three years. FERC also proposes to eliminate the adder for utilities that have been part of an RTO for three years or more, which would include Ameren Illinois and ATXI. Without this incentive adder Ameren Illinois and ATXI would earn the current allowed base ROE of 10.02%. For perspective, every 50 basis point change in our FERC ROE affects annual earnings per share for approximately $0.04. Needless to say, we are disappointed with the direction the FERC has taken in the supplemental notice and strongly oppose the removal of the adder. From our perspective, our job participation adder is needed to compensate companies for assuming risk associated with turning over operational control of assets to the RTO. The proposals also inconsistent with the first stated policy goals and the intent of existing amount to encourage our RTO participation. We will continue to advocate for the RTO incentive adder and other project incentive adders proposed in the March 2020 NOPR. We will file comments on the supplemental NOPR by the May 26 deadline. Of course we are unable to predict the ultimate outcome or timing of this matter as the focus under no timeline to issue a decision. Moving now to Page 8, policy matters are important because transmission investment is going to play a critical role in a country's clean energy transition. As we have discussed before, myself and other key stakeholders including Ameren have been carefully assessing the transmission needs in the MISO footprint to ensure the overall reliability and resiliency of the energy grid is maintained. Our companies execute their clean energy transition plans. Recently, MISO published several reports that outline some of the preliminary thoughts on MISO’s transmission needs in the future. This page summarizes a recent study that outlines a potential road map of transmission projects to 2039, taking into consideration the rapidly evolving generation mix that includes significant levels of renewable generation based on announced utility integrated resource plans, state mandates, and goals for clean energy indoor carbon emission reductions, among other things. I would also note that MISO in the Southwest Power Pool are also working together to develop a similar evaluation of transmission needed to support the transition across both regions. The bottom line is that significant regional and local transmission investments will be needed for the clean energy transition over the next 10 to 20 years. For example, under MISO’s future one scenario which is a scenario that resulted in an approximate 60% carbon emission reduction below 2005 levels by 2039, MISO estimates future transmission investment could amount to an estimated $30 billion in the MISO footprint. Further, future three resulted in an approximate 80% reduction in carbon emission levels below 2005 levels by 2039. MISO has estimated future three could result in an estimated $100 billion of transmission investment in the MISO footprint. We provide some context to this. During MISO’s last regional transmission planning process, approximately $6.5 billion of multivariate project investments were made over the last 10 years or so. In light of the continued focus on the clean energy transition in our country, we are actively working with MISO and other key stakeholders to move the assessment and project approval process along, with an appropriate sense of urgency to ensure we maintain a safe, reliable, and resilient energy grid and do so in an affordable fashion. Given our past success in executing large regional transmission projects, we believe we are well positioned to plan and execute potential projects in the future for the benefit of our customers and country. We believe certain projects outlined in Future 1 will be included in this year's MISO transmission planning process, which is scheduled to be completed in the fourth quarter of 2021. We look forward to working with MISO and key stakeholders on this important planning process. Speaking of clean energy transitions, let's move now to Page 9 for an update on our $1.1 billion wind generation investment planned to achieve compliance with Missouri's renewable energy standard through the acquisition of 700 megawatts new wind generation at two sites in Missouri. Ameren Missouri closed on the acquisition of its first wind energy center, a 400-megawatt project in Northeast Missouri in December. In January, Ameren Missouri acquired its second wind generation project, the 300-megawatt Atchison Renewable Energy Center located in Northwest Missouri. Approximately half the megawatts of the Atchison Renewable Energy Center are in service. We expect the remaining megawatts to be placed in service by September 30. Turning now to Page 10 and an update on Ameren Missouri's Callaway Energy Center. During its return to full power as part of its 24th refueling and maintenance outage in late December 2020, Callaway experience a non-nuclear operating issue related to its generator. At their own, investigation of this matter was conducted, and the decision was made to rewind the generator stutter and router in order to safely and sustainably return the energy sector to service. The project is going well and we continue to expect the capital project to cost approximately $65 million. I am also pleased to report that the insurance claims within the capital project and replacement power have been accepted by insurance carrier, which will mitigate the impacts of this outage for our customers. We expect the Callaway Energy Center to return to service in July. As we have said previously, would you not expect this man to have a significant impact on Ameren financial results. Turning the Page 11, we are focused on delivering a sustainable energy future for our customers, communities, and our country. This page summarizes a strong sustainability value proposition for environmental social and governance matters and is consistent with our vision, leading the way to a sustainable energy future. I have discussed several elements of our strong sustainability value proposition with you in the past. So, in the interest of time, I will not go through all of these points again this morning. Having said that and moving to Page 12, you should know that we have already made significant progress in our sustainability efforts in 2021. Here, we highlight several key achievements to date this year. Beginning with environmental stewardship last September, Ameren announced his transformational plan to achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2050 across all of our operations in Missouri and Illinois. This plan includes strong interim carbon emission reduction targets at 50% and 85% below 2005 levels in 2013 and 2014 respectively. This plan is also at the heart of our updated climate risk report, which is based on the recommendations of the task force on climate-related financial disclosures which were issued last week. I am pleased to report our plan is consistent with the objectives of the Paris Agreement and limiting global temperature rise to 1.5 degrees Celsius. In terms of social impact, I am very excited to say that our efforts in this area continue to be recognized by leading organizations. Last week, Diversity, Inc. announced Ameren is once again named number one on the top utilities list with diversity and inclusion, which we have been proudly a part of since 2009. Diversity, Inc. also ranked Ameren second on the top 10 regional companies and as a top company for ESG among all industries. In addition, for the fifth year overall, we've been certified by a great place to work. And finally, we are recognized as the best place to work for LGTBQ but in Human Rights Campaign. Moving to governance, our board and management have established governance structures that enable a focus on the ESG matters that drive Ameren strategy, mission, and vision, including the addition of ESG metrics to drive executive compensation programs. In particular, our board of directors refined our executive compensation program by adding workforce and supplier diversity metrics to our short-term incentive plan for 2021. In addition, we recently issued several social impact policies. Since our call in February, we've also issued several reports reflecting our sustainability efforts and advances. Just last week we posted our 2021 Sustainability Report, which expands a mini ESG and sustainability topics and posted the 2020 ESG sustainability template. And for the first time, we publish information using the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board reporting framework and mapped our business activities to the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals. I encourage you to take some time to read more about our strong sustainability value proposition. You can find all of our ESG related reports at amereninvestors.com. Turning now to Page 13. Environmental stewardship, social impact and governance are three pillars of our strong sustainability value proposition. Our final pillar is sustainable growth. Looking ahead, we have a strong sustainable growth proposition which will be driven by a robust pipeline of investment opportunities of over $40 billion. Over the next decade it will deliver significant value to all of our stakeholders and making our energy grid stronger, smarter and cleaner. Importantly, these investment opportunities exclude any new regionally beneficial transmission projects that I described earlier, all of which would increase the reliability and resiliency of the energy grid as well as enable additional renewable generation projects. In addition, we expect to see greater focus from a policy perspective on infrastructure investments to support the electrification of the transportation sector. Our outlook to 2030 does not include significant infrastructure investments for electrification at this time either. Of course our investment opportunities do not only create a stronger and cleaner energy grid to meet our customers’ needs and exceed their expectations but they will also create thousands of jobs for our local economies. Maintaining constructive energy policies that support robust investment in energy infrastructure and a transition to a cleaner future and a safe, reliable and affordable fashion will be critical to meeting our country's future energy needs and delivering on our customers’ expectations. Moving to Page 14. To sum up our value proposition, we remain firmly convinced that the execution of our strategy in 2021 and beyond will deliver superior value to our customers, shareholders and the environment. In February, we issued our five year growth plan, which included our expectation of a 6% to 8% compound annual earnings growth rate from 2021 to 2025. This earnings growth is primarily driven by strong weight based growth and compares very favorably with our regulated utility peers. Importantly, our five year earnings and rate base growth projections do not include 1,200 megawatts of incremental renewable investment opportunities outlined in Ameren Missouri's integrated resource plan. Our team continues to assess several renewable generation proposals from developers. We expect to file this year with the Missouri PSC for certificates of convenience and necessity for a portion of these planned renewable investments. I am confident in our ability to execute our investment plans and strategies across all four of our business segments as we have an experience and dedicated team to get it done. That fact, coupled with our sustained past execution of our strategy on many fronts, this position as well for future success. Further, our shares continue to offer investors a solid dividend, which we expect to grow in line with our long term earnings per share growth guidance. Simply put, we believe our strong earnings and dividend growth outlook results in a very attractive total return opportunity for shareholders. Again, thank you all for joining us today now we’ll now turn the call over to Michael.
Michael Moehn: Thanks, Warner and good morning, everyone. Turning now to Page 16 of our presentation. Yesterday, we reported first quarter 2021 earnings of $0.91 per share compared to $0.59 per share for the year ago quarter. Earnings at Ameren Missouri, our largest segment increased $0.22 per share due to several favorable factors. The earnings comparison reflected new electric service rates effective April 1, 2020 which increased earnings by $0.10 per share. In addition, earnings benefited from lower operations and maintenance expenses which increased earnings $0.07 per share. This was primarily driven by the absence of an unfavorable market returns that occurred in 2020 on the cash surrender value of our company-owned life insurance as well as disciplined cost management. Earnings also benefited by approximately $0.04 per share from higher electric retail sales driven by near-normal winter temperatures compared to milder-than-normal winter temperatures in the year-ago period. We have included on this page the year-over-year weather normalized sales variances for the quarter that showed total sales to be comparable with Q1 2020, which was largely unaffected by COVID-19. We continue to see improvements in sales as schools and businesses reopen and begin to increase their levels of operation. Earnings were positively impacted by the timing of income tax expense, which we do not expect to impact full-year results, as well as the absence of charitable donations that were made pursuant to the Missouri rate review settlement in March 2020. And finally, these favorable factors were partially offset by the amortization of deferred expenses related to the fall 2020 Callaway Energy Center’s scheduled refueling and maintenance outage. Moving to other segments, earnings for Ameren Illinois natural gas were up $0.08 reflecting higher delivery service rates that were affected January 25, 2021, incorporating a change in rate design as well as the increased infrastructure investments and a lower allowed ROE. The first quarter of 2021 benefit from the change in rate design is not expected to impact full-year results. Ameren Illinois electric distribution earnings increased $0.03 per share which reflected increased infrastructure investments and a higher allowed ROE on a performance base rate-making of approximately 8.15% compared to 7.45% for the year ago quarter. Ameren Transmission earnings were comparable year-over-year which reflected increased infrastructure investments that were offset by unfavorable $0.03 impact of a March 2021 FERC order. This order related to an intervenor challenge regarding the historical recoveries of material and supplies inventories and rates and will have no impact on the current formula rate calculation prospectively. And finally, Ameren Parent and Other results were down $0.0 per share compared to the first quarter of 2020 due to increased interest expense resulting from higher long term debt outstanding offset by the timing of income tax expense, which is not expected to impact full year results. Finally, 2021 earnings per share reflected higher weighted average shares outstanding. Before moving on, I'll touch on sales trends in Illinois electric distribution in the quarter. Weather normalized kilowatt hour sales to Illinois residential customers increased 1.5%. And weather normalized kilowatt hour sales to Illinois commercial and industrial customers decreased 1.5% and 2.5%, respectively. Recall that changes in electric sales in Illinois no matter the cause do not affect our earnings since we have full revenue decoupling. Turning to Page 17, I would now like to briefly touch on key drivers impacting our 2021 earnings guidance. We're off to a strong start in 2021 as Warner stated, we continue to expect 2021 diluted earnings to be in the range of $3.65 to $3.85 per share. Select earnings considerations for the balance of the year are listed on this page and a supplemental to the key drivers and assumptions discussed in our earnings call in February. I'll note that our second quarter earnings comparison will be negatively impacted due to a seasonal rate design change effective for 2021 in Ameren Missouri as part of the March 2020 electric rate order. This order called for winter rates in May and summer rates in September rather than the blended rates used in both months in 2020. The second quarter results were also being negatively impacted by the absence of the impact of the 2024 FERC order approving the MyCelx-allowed base are we at Ameren Transmission. Together, these two items are expected to reduce second quarter earnings by approximately $0.25 year-over-year. I encourage you to take this into consideration as you develop your expectations for our second quarter earnings results. Turning now to Page 18, here, we outline in more detail our recently filed Missouri electric rate review that Warner mentioned earlier. This reflects many benefits including major upgrades, the electric system reliability and resiliency for customers as well as investments to support the transition to a cleaner energy for the benefit of customers and local communities. Now, let me take a moment to go through the details of this filing. The request includes a 9.9% return on equity, a 51.9% equity ratio and a September 30, 2021 estimated rate base of $10 billion. This includes a test year into December 31, 2020 with certain pro-forma adjustments through September 30, 2021. The requests include a continuation of the existing FAC and other regulatory mechanisms along with a request to recover certain costs associated with the Merrimack Energy Center which is expected to retire in 2022 over a five-year period from the date of the new rates become effective. As outlined in this page, the key drivers of our $299 million annual rate increase include increased infrastructure investments made under Ameren Missouri smart energy plan, impact of the transition to a cleaner generation portfolio, decrease weather normalized customer sales volumes and a higher pension, OPEB, and tax harmonization expenses, partially offset by lower operation and maintenance expenses. Moving to Page 19 for an update on other Ameren Missouri regulatory matters. In March 2021, we also filed a natural gas rate review. The details for the $9 million annual revenue increase request are outline on this page. We expect the Missouri PSC decision in both our electric and natural gas rate reviews by February 2022 with new rates expected to be effective by March. Further, last October, we filed a request with the Missouri PSC to track and defer in a regulatory asset certain COVID-related costs incurred net of any COVID-related costs savings. In March 2021, the Missouri PSC approved this request. $9 million of net costs were incurred through March 31, 2021. We recognized $5 million in the first quarter of this year and expect the remaining portion relating to late fees to be recognized when realized and rates beginning in early 2022. The timing to recover these costs will be determined as part of our pending electric and gas rate reviews. Moving now to Page 20 for an update on Ameren Illinois regulatory matters. Last month, we made our required annual electric distribution performance-based rate update file and requesting a $64 million base rate increase. Under Illinois performance-based rate making, Ameren Illinois is required to make annual rate updates to systematically adjust cash flows over time for changes and costs of service and a true of any prior period over or under recovery of such cost. Since this constructive framework began, Ameren Illinois has made prudent investments to strengthen the grid and reduce outages and continues to do so. Major investments including the request or the installation of outage avoidance and detection technology. Major investments, including the request, are the installation of outage avoidance and detection technology; integration of storm-hardening equipment; adoption of clean energy technologies; and the implementation of new energy efficiency measures, including mobile-enhanced communications and assessment capabilities for electric field workers. The ICC will review our request in the months ahead, with a decision expected in December of this year and new rates effective in January of next year. Turning to Page 21 for a financing and liquidity update, we continue to feel very good about our liquidity and financial position. In February, Ameren Corporation issued $450 million of 1.75% senior unsecured notes due in 2028. The proceeds were used for general corporate purposes, including to repay short-term debt. We also expect both Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois to issue long-term debt in 2021. In addition, as we mentioned on the call in February, during the quarter, we physically settled the remaining shares under our forward equity sales agreement to generate approximately $150 million - $115 million. In order for us to maintain our credit ratings and a strong balance sheet while we fund our robust infrastructure plan, we expect to issue approximately $150 million of additional common equity during the balance of 2021 which is consistent with the guidance we provided in February. To that end, in May, we expect to establish an at-the-market or ATM equity program to support our equity needs through 2023. This future equity issuance will enable us to maintain a consolidated capital structure consisting of approximately 45% equity over time. The incremental natural gas and power purchases incurred due to the extreme cold in mid-February this year did not have a significant impact on our liquidity or ability to fund our future operations and investment. Ameren’s available equity as of April 30 was approximately $1.3 billion, which includes $2.3 billion of combined credit facility capacity net of approximately $1 billion of commercial paper borrowings at the end of the month. Finally, turning to Page 22, we're well positioned to continue executing our plan. We're off to a solid start and we expect to deliver strong earnings growth in 2021 as we continue to successfully execute our strategy. As we look to the longer term, we continue to expect strong earnings per share growth driven by robust rate based growth and disciplined cost management. Further, we believe this growth will compare favorably with the growth of our regulated utility peers. And Ameren shares continue to offer investors an attractive dividend. In total, we have an attractive total shareholder return story that compares very favorably to our peers. That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Jeremy Tonet: Thanks for all the colors today, very helpful. Maybe just starting off with regards to the Illinois legislative session here, do you have any sense for the relative priority of utility issues within the overall clean energy legislation discussions? And do you see any potential for kind of a grand bargain here to be reached on energy?
Warner Baxter: Yes, thanks, Jeremy a couple of things there. One, I do think clean energy legislation is a focus for the legislature. I think just by the fact that you see so many bills that are being discussed out there and rightfully so right. The clean energy transition is obviously very important not just for Illinois, but across the country. Certainly as I said in my prepared remarks, there's no doubt that there are several bills that are being considered whether there's a grand bargain, if you will or whether these bills are put together look, it's just too early to say. The only thing I can say is this, is that we are at the table with key stakeholders trying to find a solution and to advocate for the downstate Clean Energy Affordability Act. Because as you heard me say many times, that Act that - those provisions are performance-based rate making approach has really delivered significant benefits for our customers and the entire state of Illinois. So, we have until the end of the month to try and get something across the finish line. Richard Mark and his team have been working tirelessly at that. Now to say their tireless work and the work that we've been doing for many years has already elicited strong bipartisan support. So, we're hopeful to get the proper provisions and a final piece of legislation.
Jeremy Tonet: Got it that's very helpful. Thanks.
Warner Baxter: Sure.
Jeremy Tonet: Maybe pivoting over to transmission, it seems like an exciting time for transmission, if you will. And do you have any sense of the magnitude of specific projects that could be identified by MISO before year-end or in the not too distant future? And what do you see separately as the potential for large scale HVDC transmission opportunities outside or beyond the MISO process. And then finally, I guess with transmission trying to scale the opportunity set here? So I'm wondering if you could help us think through roughly how much CapEx did Ameren deploy over the years where MISO brought renewable penetration from very little to the high levels that is today. Is there any rules - any kind of measures we can think of like $10 billion to accommodate 10%. Just trying to scale the opportunity set here?
Warner Baxter: Jeremy, lots to unpack there. Let me see if - I'll try to respond to those things, and Michael and Andrew will help me if I haven’t hit a point, but certainly come back on. Let me answer your first question - your last question perhaps first. As I said in my prepared remarks, there's about $6.5 billion of regional transmission projects that really were deployed across the MISO footprint over the last decade, if you will. We did about $2 billion of that. Now that doesn't mean - there is a different time, different place. But obviously we did 25%, 30%, almost of those, and it's because of our location in the MISO footprint. And so that's just number one. Two, what you said at the outset, I agree with. It is a very exciting time to be in the transmission business and especially one in the MISO footprint.  When you're sitting in the center of the country, what MISO does with its transmission is integral to the clean energy transition for our country. And so, what you're seeing today is obviously - is a preliminary list of projects that were informed certainly by stakeholder conversations, as well as integrated resource plans and state energy policies, among many other things. It's hard to say just exactly what will ultimately come out of, let's just call it, the transmission plan that will be filed later this year. But the way we look at it and we look at that Future 1 which we showed on that slide, we think that there are a lot of projects contained in that that we think are really kind of no regrets types of projects. It's premature to put a number on it and which projects will go. Because what MISO does now is now they've put out this road map, they are basically looking for input from stakeholders. And so, you can expect throughout 2021 stakeholders will be providing input into that road map. And with that input, MISO will ultimately prepare their long-range plan, their MTEP is what they call it. And we expect that to be filed in the fourth quarter. Ultimately, a process from there Jeremy has been some more input. But ultimately, the MTEP is put before the MISO Board of Directors for vote and hopefully approval by the end of the year. So, it's not too far away but that future one is, I would say, the first step. But then as you look beyond that, as we said in future three, obviously those investments continue to grow over time. And as we said, they range from $30 billion to $100 billion. Those are MISO’s preliminary estimates that will continue to be refined. So hopefully that gives you some of the sense. I'm not sure if I missed, if I addressed all of your questions in there. But I think I got them all there.
Jeremy Tonet: I think that’s very helpful. But maybe just to follow-up, anything on that HVDC front where Ameren might have a bit more leverage.
Warner Baxter: It's a little premature to say that. These are things we look at. Obviously there is some opportunities that we're looking at even in connection with the Missouri Integrated Resource Plan. So a little early to be making those kind of judgment calls, but stay tuned.
Jeremy Tonet: And if I could just do one quick last one, as far as what's coming out of the Biden infrastructure plan, early stages here, but is there anything that you are focused on? Do you see investment upside or benefits from lower ratepayer cost or anything else that could really kind of get things moving with the transmission kind of permitting, paying, planning process here?
Warner Baxter: Sure, well I will say one thing that we are encouraged by in terms of what the Biden administration has done. It’s number one. They're very focused on providing significant funding for new clean energy technologies which we think is going to be so important for our industry, for our country to get to a net zero carbon future by 2050 which is certainly our goal. I think the other thing that you're seeing is you understand. Why you put out a bill that really has some - I think some very good incentives to invest in clean energy technologies and those incentives range from tax credits. They range from tax normalization policies to give opt out provisions. They include tax credits also for transmission. And so, we look at the provisions that build on that. I won't go through all the details here. That bill will really have a direct impact on the overall cost to our customers. And so, we're obviously very encouraged and enthused about that so, a lot going on in Washington DC. We're at the table working with the stakeholders. And we are hopeful that we will continue to see progress and incentives for clean energy technologies here in the next several months.
Operator: Our next question is from Shar Pourreza with Guggenheim Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Shar Pourreza: Just a - good excellent so, just a quick follow-up on Illinois, if something doesn't pass in the next couple of weeks, Warner, do you sort of intend to push over the summer. What are your thoughts on getting something done during the veto session? I know there's obviously a lot of competing interests, there's a lot of bills? You highlighted that. Some of them are outside of energy, there’s new legislators and politicians. So, there's also a question mark with many of energy is even a priority right now. So, just trying to get a bit of a sense if something doesn't get done in two weeks, how do we sort of price this in the veto session?
Warner Baxter: Sure, Shar, one of the things as you talk about veto session in Illinois. And Illinois is a bit unique, perhaps, compared to other states whereby the veto session isn't really just there to address bills that have been vetoed but also can address bills that have been presented during the regular session. So to be clear, I'll say this first, we are very focused on trying to get something across the finish line for the benefit of our customers in the State of Illinois on energy policy here by May 31. But your question is what, what if it doesn't happen here in the next several weeks? Well then it could be brought up in the veto session. And our approach would be very much of what we've been doing. We will continue to strongly advocate for the Downstate Clean Energy Affordability Act. And the reason why we will continue to strongly advocate for it is because it has strong bipartisan support. We have House bills and Senate bills with strong bipartisan support as well as supporters from north and the south part of the state. And so, we're going to continue to push for that because we - strongly believe it's the best policy going forward for the state of Illinois. It isn't just because we believe it, it’s because it been delivering results for almost a decade now. And that's why we're going to continue to advocate for. So, I do think people say whether it's a priority, I will tell you there are conversations going on in the state of Illinois around energy policy. So, I know they have other priorities that they have to balance but I do believe energy policy is one of them.
Shar Pourreza: And just lastly shifting maybe south, obviously it's not a major priority for you guys are essential to current growth plan that obviously you're re-highlighting today. But any thoughts on securitization, legislation as it makes its way through the chambers. Any sort of expectations you can provide as we get to the homestretch?
Warner Baxter: Well, we are - we're in the homestretch in the state of Missouri at the end of this week. And Marty Lyons and his team have been working hard on that. And we provided some perspectives but Marty you have been in the middle of that. I'm just going to turn over you. Maybe give us the latest update if you don't mind.
Martin Lyons: Sure, Warner. Yeah, you're absolutely right. Securitization isn't something that we see is required to isn't something that we see as required to be able to carry out our integrated resource plan. But we do think it would be a good tool to have in the toolbox of the commission especially as crafted in Missouri. So you're right. There have been aversions going through the House and the Senate. They're very, very similar at this point. Last night, actually, the Senate passed the House securitization bill which is HB734 and they did make some slight modifications to that. So, now, that goes back to the house to the fiscal review committee and we'll see whether that can be then voted on in the House. We may see actually some action as early as today. But in any event what has to happen over the remainder of the week is that the language needs to get conformed between the two, the Senate bill, the House bill. Like I said, they're very, very similar at this point and ultimately needs to be passed by the end of the week. As Warner indicated, the legislative session ends on May 14th this Friday - this Friday afternoon. So, in any event, we're very close. Can't predict whether it'll actually get done, but it's really positioned pretty well for success. So we'll keep our fingers crossed for the remainder of this week.
Shar Pourreza: And just - Marty, just assuming you get securitization, obviously, this is the messages you don't need it for the IRP but curious if you get securitization, is there an acceleration of the plan under the IRP or any opportunities to potentially accelerate the plan?
Martin Lyons: No, there's really no change to the integrated resource plan. When we filed that last September, we filed it believing that it was the most affordable process and most reliable process for transitioning our fleet over time. And so we stand by the integrated resource plan that we filed. Of course, we've been getting comments on that. We expect that ultimately the Getting comments on that. We expect that ultimately the commission will rule on whether that process that we went through was appropriate. We certainly believe it was. And it would only be through consideration of changes that might occur over time that would cause us to modify the IRP. We still believe the preferred plan that we filed as the appropriate pass. Securitization passes, there would not be any immediate impact on the integrated resource plan. But like I said, conditions change through times. And we do believe having securitization in the toolkit of the commission would be a good thing to have.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: You guys have a lot on your plate and congrats on continued success in de-risking?
Warner Baxter: You bet.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: I would say, I would say - I mean Warner you made some interesting comments on transmission earlier. I would ask obviously the future one, two and three have big numbers long timelines and you've already tried the pieces part but how would you characterize this current MTF as best you see it coming together against some of those bigger projects? How much should we be expecting here, right? If you want to just sort of start to set expectations initially considering that obviously you think long queue is?
Warner Baxter: Yes. Julien so, a couple comments there. It is really premature to really say exactly which of those projects will ultimately show up in the MTEP. I think myself did a fine job of putting together this long range plan which gives us collectively an opportunity to weigh in on it and to try and keep really our finger on the pulse of all the things that are going on around the country, not just in the states but around the country. So it just is too premature. But I will say this, that we, as well as MISO and other stakeholders, there is a sense of urgency to address this, these matters because we see the clean energy transition coming, and we know that transmission is critical to its success. And so, consequently, there's a significant amount of interest, a significant amount of work being done. And so we're not too far away from really hearing what that's going to be. The fourth quarter is really, for all practical purposes, right around the corner. And as you know, some of these projects, as you said, they take time to plan, get approval, and ultimately to execute. So, again, as we see this, and I've said this in the past, it's really just - the study really is consistent with what we've been talking about really for the last several years. We see significant transmission opportunities, and should they come in the form of this MTEP or otherwise, we think they're probably, if there are any, would come towards the back-end of our five-year current capital expenditure plan, but especially in the second half of this decade, you see some of these transmission projects really come to fruition. And as I’ve said before, we're well positioned, well positioned to execute on many of those projects. So we're looking forward to it.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. Sorry to follow up on legislation very narrowly here. How do you see the potential of moving into June versus the end of May? I know there's some latitude issue there. And then also, more importantly, the contrast of a grand bargain would be potentially carving out this issue in the sunset, the question on the utility front separately from anything bigger. Is that conceivable in your mind, or does this need to be a bigger deal as far as you're concerned?
Michael Moehn: Julien, Michael here. I’m not sure we caught your whole question. You're talking about moving from outside of the May 31 ending the session into June, so like of our special session?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes, exactly. It was my specific question.
Michael Moehn: Okay. Illinois legislature?
Warner Baxter: Illinois legislature.
Michael Moehn: I’m sorry. It was a little faint. Look, like everything else. We certainly can't predict whether there would be a special session of sorts in the Illinois legislature. As I said before, we're focused on the spring session in May 31 and should that not bear fruit within, we'll see where the next steps are. And then we talked a little bit earlier about the veto session. So premature to speculate whether a special session would be called.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Fair enough. But you don't need to necessarily get this grand deal to get this sunset - the sunset address.
Michael Moehn: No. I'm sorry. Thank you. No, at the end of the day, so just to be clear - this expires in 2022, right. So this is not a piece of legislation has to be done this year. It expires in 2022. And let's not forget that the overall regulatory framework that we have which we’d go to now has some things in there that are solid as a forward test year as decoupling bad debt writers and those other things and return on equity that will be done in the normal course of return on equity setting and by the Illinois Commerce Commission. And so, bottom line is this. Now we strongly believe that the Downstate Clean Energy Affordability Act and all the provisions in there are clearly - are in the best interest of our customers in the state of Illinois. We're going to continue to advocate for that. But it doesn't have to be done here in the next week or the veto session. But having said that, we think having that certainty and sustainability is the right way to go. That's why we're pushing for it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Durgesh Chopra: Just Michael, quick clarification on the equity, in Q4 you said, you guys said $300 million a year to 2025, the ATM goes through 2023. Is still $300 million per year, a good sort of number to model till 2025?
Warner Baxter: Yes, I appreciate the question, yes. So, if you go back to February, yes the same, the same metrics that we gave, we're doing $150 million here in 2021 and then $300 million 2022, through 2025. All of those assumptions still stand today. And this ATM is going to allow us to execute against that.
Durgesh Chopra: Understood. Thank you. And then maybe just - I want to get into a little bit of detail on the, on the Missouri securitization. Warren I’m just clearly, you assume it doesn't impact your IRP, could sort of your assets be at risk? I'm thinking about early retirement of coal plants, the capacity factors of your generation assets and whether sort of the legislation now sort of accelerates the recovery of coal plants and impacts the rate base growth profile. Just any color there would be great. Thank you, Warren.
Michael Moehn: Yes. Thank, Durgesh and I’ll have Marty weigh in at the moment. Look as we've said before, we're very fortunate. We have a strong baseload coal fleet that runs, that runs a lot. And it's because of you know some of the actions and things we've done really over the past several years, decades frankly. And so, we laid out our integrated resource plan and you see that systematically, we are retiring our coal fired energy centers over time. And it's because number one, we think it's in the best interest of our customers from a reliability and affordability perspective. And so, as Marty said, we don't see that changing. But conditions could change, right, whether it's at the state level or federal level. And so securitization is not going to drive us to do anything different other than absent changes that may happen, as I said, from a policy perspective or otherwise. But it is a good tool to have in our toolbox, should those changes occur. So we - our coal plants are valuable assets to us today. Over time, we will retire them. But we don't see any near-term changes to how we plan on operating or certainly risks to those assets. Marty, would you have anything to add to that?
Martin Lyons: Well, first, I firmly agree with everything that you conveyed. And when you look at the integrated resource plan that we filed, we've got four coal-fired energy centers. As Warner said, we've got very efficient coal plants. They operate very well. But with that said, in our integrated resource plan, we did lay out that we're retiring our Meramec facility here in 2022. We expect that that will be fully recovered at that point in time. We did propose the accelerated closure of both the Sioux and the Rush Island plants, Sioux by about five years and Rush Island by about six years. So Sioux would close in 2028, Rush Island in 2039, and then Labadie, which is our largest plant and most efficient plant, would close in two stages in 2036 and 2042. So, again, we've accelerated the expected closure of two of our plants, and those accelerations and the recovery of those are actually reflected in the rate review filing that we made here in March. So we're looking to accelerate the recovery of those plants. And then of course the rates are also positively impacted by the expectation of Meramec closing. So, those things are reflected there. That's historically the way we've handled things in Missouri. And again as Warner said, when we filed the IRP we made a host of assumptions. Conditions can change and vary from the assumptions that we made through time for a variety of reasons. And as I said before, securitization is not going to change the integrated resource plan, preferred plan that we have today. But if conditions change versus the assumptions we've made through time, again securitization will be a good tool to have in the tool box.
Durgesh Chopra: Understood. Appreciate the color. It sounds like it's more of an opportunity than a risk for you guys. Thanks for taking my question.
Warner Baxter: You bet. Thank you.
Operator: Next question comes from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Byrd: Lot's been covered in Q&A. I guess I was stepping back and thinking about kind of key areas of growth upside for you all over - I mean you have a very impressive growth plan as it is, but thinking especially about incremental renewables, elements of your IRP but just other dynamics. And just wanted to step way back and think about those kind of key categories of additional growth upside and wonder if you could just comment on that?
Warner Baxter: You bet. You bet. Well, I think there are a couple of them one, we've - probably more than a couple frankly there are several. And one, we talked quite a bit about already today and that's transmission. So as you know we present investment opportunities for 2030 of $40 billion plus of investment opportunities. And one of the reasons we put that plus there is because transmission. So that $40 billion number that we have of investment opportunities does not include any of the regional transmission projects that we've spent quite a bit of time talking about already. So, Stephen, that would be certainly one meaningful upside to our investment profile that we have prospectively. A second one and another one that we've talked about - and again, I mentioned this a little bit earlier. Is electrification and the infrastructure that has to go for the greater electrification especially for the transportation sector in our country. Now, our long-term plan has really no meaningful investments associated with the electrification of the, transportation sector and as you listen to the policymakers discuss the need for a cleaner energy transition in this country and lower carbon emissions. Well, the transportation sector is the greatest carbon emitter in our country today. And so, you've heard certainly the automakers and others continue to lean further in. Well, we're going to lean further in, too, and we have been. And so, I think that, too, is a significant opportunity. But I'll tell you, just to be clear you know what I’ve done with all of our investments in grid modernization. We need to continue to make investments in the grid both in Missouri and Illinois to make sure that the grid continues to be reliable and resilient. So, as we look at those investment opportunities which could also then include renewable - greater levels of renewable energy over time, we have quite a bit in there. But times as we said could change if policies change those two could be investment opportunities. I didn't put a specific number on those. But they're sizable. They're sizable. And so, we see our robust infrastructure plan that we have already today continuing for some time.
Stephen Byrd: Really helpful. And then maybe just one additional question on transmission, a lot of questions already on this, but thinking about sort of FERC and FERC has their objective to eliminate barriers to executing on transmission. How do you see that factoring into the existing RTO processes? Is that more of just a long-term objective of FERC or could that yield particular impacts to the outlook for transmission growth?
Warner Baxter: Yes, thanks Steve. And yes, I would say it's a bit too early to say. To what extent, FERC will get more engage in the RTO processes, which have obviously been very well defined over the years. And whether FERC will engage in that, it's just premature to say. What I will say is that certainly the clean energy transition and the importance of policies to support that clean energy transition are important issues for we certainly as transition owners, but also for FERC. And I think Chairman Glick and the commissioners there recognize that. I think you're going to continue to see greater levels of attention and focus at FERC on things that they can do to accelerate safe, reliable, and affordable transmission build around the country.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your questions.
Paul Patterson: I’m well, I’m well. So a quick technical question for Marty, the Missouri securitization bill. It sounded to me that you - and I've been following it that the House version that's been amended - the House bill has been amended in the Senate and now is in the Housing Committee? If it passes out of the House without any changes, does it go straight to the governor or does it - it was a little confusing to me or does it have to be - will there have to be some changes - does it have to go back to the Senate - assuming there’s no changes made in the House?
Martin Lyons: Yes, if there are no changes made in the House, then it will go to the governor. So if they make - the Senate voted it out last night. And if the House makes no changes and votes it out then it will be done and off to the governor.
Paul Patterson: Okay, that would be nice. And then with respect to the Illinois legislation and I know this doesn't pertain specifically to you guys, but it's sort of an element I think potentially is the PGM auction. Do you think that's going to play any role in the timing here because as you know that's coming up a little bit sooner than the - at least it's beginning a little sooner than the end of the month?
Warner Baxter: This is Warner, I simply can't predict that. I really don't know. Obviously you're right. It's not something that's directly correlated to us. But obviously we keep an eye on all things that could have an impact. But let’s hope it wouldn't be appropriate for me to comment on that.
Paul Patterson: Okay. I'll leave that one alone. So the crystal ball question. So - well just moving on to very quickly on the MISO issue and the ROE ensure to being part of an RTO. If this - if FERC takes action that could be - that you perceived to be negative with respect to the transmission ROE and being part of an RTO. Is there anything we should think as being potentially an outcome from that that you guys might take - or? How should we - I mean I just noticed you guys bringing that up in the slide presentation. I just wanted to - I was wondering are you guys - is there any - how should we think about it, if they do reverse this 50 basis points or do other action that might lower the ROE?
Warner Baxter: Sure, well Paul, I mean the reason we bring it up certainly in our prepared remarks is because we believe that the potential direction that FERC is taking is inconsistent with FERC policy its inconsistent with the intention of the law. And we think right now is the time where FERC should be doing everything it can to incent companies, to join and remain in RTOs. And so we bring that up simply because of that. And certainly, we think the 50-basis-point adders, is absolutely positively appropriate for us to have because we've given up control of our system. So I think that's in the first instance. We're not trying to be any more specific than that. And that we are going to work very hard here between now and the end of the month and put together our comments like others in the industry to state our position very clearly to FERC.
Operator: Our next question comes from Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Insoo Kim: Just one question from me and I just wanted your update on the latest on the clean air litigation regarding your Rush Island plan, I think Labadie is involved. I think you're expecting kind of a ruling from the appeals court sometime this year. Is that still on your expectation? And I guess depending on what comes out of that, if there is a - if it goes against you on the appeal side, how do you think about the next step as it relates to the timing of potential CapEx or just the state of B plans?
Warner Baxter: Sure, sure a couple things, just to refresh everyone's memory. So our argument was held in December of last year. And so, that case, and this was review case is simply before the appellate court now. We said we expected a decision this year, but I'll tell you that the appellate court has no timeline in terms of when they must issue a decision. But we would think in the normal course, we would expect to see something this year. So we simply don't know. Look - the question is whether we get an unfavorable ruling. I'll start with this. We believe we presented a very strong case to the courts in this matter in December. And then should they ultimately rule against this. We'll step back and assess what actions we need to take at that time. And so, it’s would be really premature to speculate on what actions we would take and what impact it might have on our overall plan. So, if and when we come to that we'll address that in due course. So, stay tuned is probably the best message here.
Insoo Kim: Got it? I guess in terms in relation to this current securitization bill perhaps, do you think that could provide one avenue that could help you navigate through this matter?
Warner Baxter: Certainly, as Marty stated before, securitization is a tool for several things whether it would be something that would apply here. We'll just have to wait and see. But first things first, we're focused on winning that case before the appellate court and then continue to execute the plan that we laid out before the Missouri Public Service Commission and our integrated resource plan.
Operator: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. At this time I'd like to turn the call back over to Andrew Kirk for closing comments.
Andrew Kirk: Thank you for participating in this call. A replay of this call will be available for one year on our website. If you have any questions, you may call the contacts list on our earnings release. Financial analyst inquiries should be directed to me Andrew Kirk. Media should call Tony Paraino. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And we thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q4  (2021-02-19 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Ameren Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2020 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I'd now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Andrew Kirk, Director of Investor Relations. Thank you. You may begin.
Andrew Kirk: Thank you, and good morning. On the call with me today are Warner Baxter, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Moehn, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer as well as other members of the Ameren management team joining remotely. Warner and Michael will discuss our earnings results and guidance as well as provide a business update. Then we will open the call for questions. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call contains time-sensitive data that's accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on the amereninvestors.com homepage that will be referenced by our speakers. As noted on Page two of the presentation, comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the forward-looking statements section in the news release we issued yesterday and the forward-looking statements and Risk Factors section in our filings with the SEC. Lastly, all per-share earnings amounts discussed during today's presentation, including earnings guidance are presented on a diluted basis, unless otherwise noted. Now here's Warner.
Warner Baxter: Thanks Andrew. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Before I begin our discussion of year end results and other key business matters, I'll start with few comments on COVID-19 as well as the steps we've taken to deliver safe, reliable electric and natural gas service to our customers during the recent period of extremely cold weather in our region. To begin, help you, your families and colleagues are safe and healthy. While COVID-19 has driven a great deal of change, I can assure you that one thing that remains constant in Ameren is our strong commitment to the safety of our co-workers, customers and communities. So too is a strong focus on delivering safe, reliable, cleaner, and affordable electric and natural gas service during this unprecedented time. We recognize that millions of customers in Missouri and Illinois are dependent on us. I can't express enough appreciation to my co-workers who have shown great agility, innovation, determination and a keen focus on safety while delivering on our mission to power the quality of life. And while we're focused on addressing the challenges associated with the pandemic, and achieving our mission each day, we never lose sight of our vision, leading the way to a sustainable energy future. Despite the significant challenges presented by COVID-19, I look to the future with optimism. Not just because vaccines are now being distributed to millions around the world, but also because of how our co-workers stepped up and addressed a multitude of challenges and capitalize on opportunities in 2020 that will clearly help us achieve our vision. Speaking of stepping up to challenges to ensure that we continue to deliver on our mission and vision, our team has been tirelessly working over the last week to ensure that we continue to deliver safe, reliable electric and natural gas services to millions of people in our service territory, despite the extremely cold weather that we are experiencing in our region. As the extremely cold weather has created significant challenges to maintain the safety and reliability of the energy grid in several areas of the country. Understandably, the cold weather has driven a significant increase in customer demand for electric and natural gas service. At the same time, the extreme weather has resulted in natural gas supply disruptions and limitations, operational issues of power plants and transmission constraints, combined these extraordinary circumstances that several regional transmission organizations to implement Emergency Operations protocols, which include controlled interruptions of service to customers in several states, most notably in Texas. Not surprisingly, the same set of conditions resulting in significant increases in power and natural gas prices in the energy markets. Today, we have not experienced any significant reliability issues in Missouri or Illinois businesses as past investments in energy infrastructure that paid off. In addition to strong operation of our gas storage fields in Illinois, and coal fired energy centers in Missouri, as well as our robust interconnections with gas pipeline suppliers, and the power markets have played a major role as well. Rest assured, we will continue to actively manage this challenging situation for our customers. Turning to page 4. Before I jump into the details of our accomplishments and strategic areas of focus, I want to reiterate the strategy that has been delivering significant long-term value to all of our stakeholders. Specifically, our strategies to invest in a robust pipeline of great regulated energy infrastructure, continuously improve operating performance, and advocate for responsible energy and economic policies to deliver superior value to our customers and shareholders. As always, our customers continue to be at the center of our strategy. I am pleased to say that our actions and performance in 2020 as well as our strategic areas of focus for the future, are strongly aligned with our customers and shareholders expectations to lead the way to a sustainable energy future, which brings me to a discussion about 2020 performance. As I said earlier, we delivered strong financial and operational performance in 2020. Yesterday, we announced 2020 earnings $3.50 per share, compared to earnings of $3.35 per share earned in 2019. Excluding the impact from weather 2020 normalized earnings increase to $3.54 per share, or approximately 6.6% from 2019, weather normalized earnings of $3.32 per share. With our customers and shareholders expectations in mind, we made significant investments in energy infrastructure in 2020 that resulted in a more reliable, resilient, secure and cleaner energy grid, as well as contributed to strong rate base growth in all of our business segments. Consistent with these objectives, and despite COVID-19 challenges, we successfully executed on a robust pipeline of investments across all of our businesses. In 2020, as outlined on this page, we also achieve constructive outcomes in several regulatory proceedings that will help drive additional infrastructure investments that will benefit customers and shareholders while keeping our customers rates affordable. The bottom line is that we successfully execute our strategy in 2020, which will drive significant long-term value for all of our stakeholders. Turning to page 5, here we highlight the significant progress we made in an area that has and will continue to be a significant area of focus, sustainability. Last September, we announced the transformation of clean energy transition plan that effectively balances environmental stewardship, with reliability, and affordability. In particular, we establish the Clean Energy goal of net zero carbon emissions by 2050 across all of our operations in Missouri, in Illinois, we also established strong interim carbon reduction goals of 50% by 2030, and 85% by 2040, based on 2005 levels. In addition, our plan includes robust investments in new wind and solar generations have been mindful of reliability. Notably, we are targeting adding 5,400 megawatts new renewable wind and solar generation resources to our generation portfolio by 2014. Our plan also includes advancing the retirement of two coal fired energy centers, extending the life of our carbon free Callaway nuclear energy center to eight years and partnering with the electric power Research Institute in assessing advanced clean energy technologies for the future.  We have already executed key elements of this plan. In particular, a significant milestone toward accomplishing our net zero carbon emissions goal was reached with the acquisition of the 400 megawatt high Prairie Renewable Energy Center in December. This was our first wind generation addition, and is the largest wind facility in the state of Missouri. Earlier this year, we also acquired our second wind generation investment, the Atchison Renewable Energy Center, which when completed, is expected to be a 300 megawatt facility. We also have a strong, long-term commitment to our customers and communities to be socially responsible, and economically impactful. There has never been a more important time than now to be a leader in this area, and we are leaning forward.  In terms of COVID-19 relief, we've been continuously working to help our customers in need, including implementing disconnection moratoriums, providing a special bill payment plans, providing over $23 million of critical funds for energy assistance, and other basic needs. We have a virtual diversity Equity and Inclusion Leadership Summit in June 2020 that included over 600 community leaders and co-workers. During that summit, and we made a commitment of $10 million over the next five years to nonprofit organizations focused on DNI and we spent over $800 million with diverse suppliers in 2020, a 24% increase over 2019. From a governance perspective, our Board of Directors oversight of sustainability risks was enhanced. In addition, we named our first Chief Renewable Development Officer to lead our continued efforts to transition to a cleaner and more diverse generation portfolio. Further, the Board of Directors strengthened our executive compensation program by adding a 10% long-term incentive based on implementing our clean energy transition plans. And just last week, the Board approved the addition of workforce and supplier diversity metrics to our short-term incentive plan for 2021. All of these efforts are consistent with our vision, leading the way to a sustainable energy future in our mission to power the quality of life. Turning to page 6, as you can see on this page, our laser focus on executing our strategy for the last several years has delivered strong results. From a customer standpoint, our investments in infrastructure have driven our reliability to top quartile performance, while at the same time our disciplined cost management has kept our electric rates among the lowest in the country. The combination of these factors itself drive significantly higher customer satisfaction scores. It also delivered superior value to our shareholders as you can see on page 7. Our weather normalized core earnings per share has risen 70% or and an approximately 8% compound annual growth rate since we exited our unregulated generation business in 2013. Our dividend rate has increased 25% over the same time period. This has resulted in a significant reduction in our weather normalized dividend payout ratio from over 77% in 2013 to 56% in 2020. Near the bottom of our 55% to 70%, targeted dividend payout range, position us well for continued strong infrastructure investments and rate based growth, as well as future dividend growth. Speaking of dividend growth, I am pleased to report that last week; Ameren's Board of Directors approved a quarterly dividend increase of approximately 7%, resulting in an annualized dividend rate of $2.20 per share. This increase, coupled with a dividend increase of 4% in October 2020 reflects confidence by Ameren's board of directors in the outlook for our businesses, and management's ability to execute a strategy for the long-term benefit of our customers and shareholders. While I'm very pleased with our past performance, we are not sitting back and taking a deep breath. We remained focused on accelerating and enhancing our performance in 2021 in the years ahead, so we can continue to deliver superior value to our customers, communities and shareholders, which brings me to page 8. Yesterday afternoon, we also announced that we expect our 2020 earnings to be in the range of $3.65 to $3.85 per share. Michael will provide you with more details on our 2021 gains a bit later. Building on the strong execution of our strategy and our robust earnings growth over the past several years, we continue to expect to deliver long-term earnings growth that is among the best in the industry. We expect to deliver 6% to 8% compound annual earnings per share growth from 2021 to 2025 using the midpoint of our 2021 guidance $3.75 per share, as the base. Our long term earnings growth will be driven by continued execution of our strategy, including investing in infrastructure for the benefit of our customers, while keeping rates affordable. Another important element of our strong total shareholder return story is our dividend. Looking ahead Ameren expects future dividend growth to be in line with its long-term earnings per share growth expectations within a payout ratio range of 55% to 70%. In addition to earnings growth considerations, future dividend decisions will be driven by cash flow, investment requirements, and other business conditions.  Turning the page 9, the first pillar of our strategy stresses investing in and operating our utilities in a manner consistent with existing regulatory frameworks. The strong long term earnings growth I just discussed is primarily driven by a rate based growth plan. Today, we are rolling forward our five year investment plan and as you can see, we expect to grow our rate base in an approximately 8% compound annual rates for the 2020 through 2025 period. This growth is driven by our robust capital plan for approximately $17 billion over the next five years that will deliver significant value to our customers and the communities we serve. Our plan includes strategically allocating capital to all four of our business segments. Importantly, our five year earnings and rate based growth projections do not include 1,200 megawatts of incremental renewable investment opportunities, from Ameren Missouri's integrated resource plan. Our team continues to assess several renewable generation proposals from developers. We expect to file for certificates and convenience and necessity for some renewable generation projects in 2021 with the Missouri PSC. We expect to add these investments to our multi year rate base outlook, as we finalize pending negotiations with noble energy developers and move further along in the regulatory approval process in Missouri. Finally, we remain focused on discipline cost management, earn as close to our allowed returns as possible, and all of our businesses. Speaking of a disciplined cost management, let's now turn to page 10. Over the last several years, we've worked hard to enhance the regulatory frameworks in both Missouri and Illinois to help drive additional infrastructure investments that will benefit customers and shareholders. At the same time, we've been very focused on discipline cost management to keep rates affordable. Our efforts are paying off. As outlined on this page, residential rates have decreased since opting into these enhanced regulatory frameworks for all of our Missouri electric and Illinois electric and natural gas distribution businesses. So to be clear, since these constructive frameworks have been put in place, significant investments have been made, reliability has improved, rates have gone down, and 1000s of jobs have been created. While this is a great win for our customers and communities; we are not done. Turning to page 11. As you can see from this chart, our operating expenses have decreased 14% since 2015. We will remain relentlessly focused on disciplined cost management, as we look forward to the next five years and beyond. This will not only include the robust cost management initiatives undertaken to manage COVID-19, but also several other customer affordability initiatives. These initiatives include the automation and optimization of our processes, including leveraging the benefits from significant past, and future investments in digital technologies, and grid modernization. In addition, as part of the Ameren Missouri integrated resource plan, we will work to responsibly retire our coal fired energy centers over time, which includes thoughtfully managing workforce changes through attrition, transfers to other facilities, and retraining for other positions in the company. Turning now to page 12; next, I want to cover the second pillar of our strategy, enhancing regulatory frameworks and advocating for responsible energy and economic policies. An enhanced version of the Downstate Clean Energy Affordability Act legislation was filed in the past week, which in past would apply to both the Ameren Illinois electric and natural gas distribution businesses. This legislation would allow an Illinois to make significant investments in solar energy, battery storage and gas infrastructure to improve safety and reliability, as well as in transportation electrification, in order to benefit customers in the academy across central and southern Illinois. This important piece of legislation also required diverse suppliers spend reporting for all electric renewable energy providers. Another key component of the Downstate Clean Energy Affordability Act that it would allow for performance based ratemaking for an Illinois Natural Gas and Electric distribution businesses through 2032. Proposed performance metric would ensure investments are aligned with and are contributing to reliability of the energy grid, as well as to transition to the Clean Energy vision of the state. Further, this legislation would modify the amount of return on equity methodology in each business to align with returns being earned other gas and electric utilities across the nation. This legislation builds on Ameren Illinois efforts to invest in critical energy infrastructure under a transparent and stable regulatory framework that has supported significant investments, improve safety and reliability, as well as creating over 1,400 jobs, all while keeping electric rates well below the Midwest, and national averages. This bill would also move the state of Illinois closer to reaching its goal of 100% clean energy by 2050. By providing for performance base rate making in both electric and gas distribution businesses, we believe that proposed legislation would further align the energy goal of Ameren Illinois and the state of Illinois, for the benefit of our customers, the communities we serve and the environment. All these benefits in mind, we are focused on working with key stakeholders to get this important legislation passed this year.  Moving now to page 13 for an update on our $1.1 billion wind generation investment plan to achieve compliance with Missouri's renewable energy standard through the acquisition of 700 megawatts new wind generation at two sites in Missouri. As I mentioned earlier, Ameren Missouri closed on the acquisition of our first Wind Energy Center, a 400 megawatt project in northeast Missouri in December. Last month, we acquired our second wind generation project, the 300 megawatt Atchison Renewable Energy Center, located in Northwest Missouri; approximately 120 megawatts are already in service. We expect a total of 150 megawatts to be in service by the end of the first quarter, with remain expected later in 2021 upon the replacement of certain turbine blades. We finance these projects through a combination of green first mortgage bonds, and common stock issued in our forward equity sale agreement. We do not expect the construction delay on Atchison and wind facility to have a significant economic consequence or reduce the production tax credits for this project. Because the rule change made by the US Department of Treasury last year to extend the end service criteria by one year to December 31, 2021. Turning now to page 14, and an update on our Callaway Energy Center. During its return to full power as part of its 24th refueling and maintenance outage in late December 2020 Ameren Missouri's Callaway Energy Center experienced a non nuclear operating issue related to its generator. A thorough investigation this matter was conducted and the decision was made to replace certain key components of the generator in order to safely and sustainably returned to energy center the service. Work is already underway on this capital project, which we expect will cost approximately $65 million. We're also pursuing the recovery of costs through applicable warranties and insurance. Due to the long lead time for the manufacturing, repair and installation of these components, the Energy Center is expected to return to service from May June or early July. And as announced previously, we do not expect this amount to have a significant impact on Ameren's financial results. Turning now to page 15. As we look to the future, the successful execution of our five year plan is not only focused on delivering strong results for 2025, but it's also designed to position Ameren for success over the next decade and beyond. We believe that a safe, reliable, resilient, secure and cleaner energy grid will be increasingly important and bring even greater value to our customers, our communities and shareholders.  With this long term view in mind, we will make an investment that will position Ameren to meet our customers' future energy needs, and rising expectations; support our transition to a cleaner energy future and provide safe, reliable natural gas services. Right side of this page shows that our allocation of capital is expected to grow our electric and natural gas energy delivery investments to be 82% of our rate base by the end of 2025. As a result of Ameren Missouri's investment in 700 megawatts of wind generation, combined with the scheduled retirement of the Meramec coal-fired Energy Center in 2022. We expect coal fired generation to decline to just 7% of rate base and our renewable generation to increase to 6% of rate base by year in 2025. As noted previously, our current five year plan does not include 1,200 megawatts, an incremental renewable generation included in Ameren Missouri's integrated resource plan by 2025. These actions were just further examples of the steps we are taking to address our customers and shareholders focus on ESG matters and achieve our net zero carbon emissions goal by 2050. The bottom line is that we're taking steps today across the board to presume Ameren for success in 2021 and beyond. Moving to page 16. Looking ahead to the end of this decade, we have a robust pipeline of investment opportunities of over $40 billion that will deliver significant value to all of our stakeholders and making our energy grid stronger, smarter, and cleaner. Importantly, these investment opportunities exclude any new reasonably beneficial transmission projects that would increase the reliability and resiliency of the energy grid, as well as enable additional renewable generation projects. Of course, our investment opportunities will not only create a stronger and cleaner energy grid to meet our customer's needs and exceed their expectations. But they will also create 1000s of jobs for our local economies. Maintaining constructive energy policies that support robust investment in energy infrastructure and a transition to a cleaner future in a responsible fashion will be critical to meeting our country's future energy needs and delivering on our customers expectations.  Moving to page 17; as we have outlined in our presentation today, we are focused on delivering a sustainable energy future for our customers' communities and our country. Consistent with that focus, yesterday, we issued our updated ESG investor presentation called leading the way to a sustainable energy future. This presentation demonstrates how we have been effectively integrating our focus on environmental, social, governance and sustainability managed into our corporate strategy. This slide summarizes our strong sustainability value proposition for environmental, social and governance matters. Throughout the course of my discussion this morning, I've already covered many of these topics. Few other notable points include the fact that we were honored to again be recognized by Diversity Inc, as one of the top utilities in the country for diversity, equity and inclusion, as well as be rated in the Top 25 of all companies for ESG in their inaugural list. Finally, our strong corporate governance is led by a very talented and diverse Board of Directors focused on strong oversight of ESG matters. I encourage you to take some time to read more about our sustainability value proposition. You can find this presentation at ameren.investors.com.  Moving to page 18, to sum of our value proposition; we remain firmly convinced that the execution of our strategy in 2021 and beyond will deliver superior value to our customers, shareholders in the environment. We believe our expectation of a 6% to 8% compound annual earnings growth from 2021 to 2025 driven by strong rate based growth compares very favorably with our regulated utility peers. I am confident in our ability to execute our investment plans and strategies across all form of business segments, as we have an experienced and dedicated team to get it done. That fact, coupled with our sustained past execution of our strategy on many fronts, has positioned us well for future success. Further, our shares continue to offer investors a solid dividend. Our strong earnings growth expectations outlined today, position us well for future dividend growth. Simply put, we believe our strong earnings and dividend growth outlooks results in a very attractive total return opportunity for shareholders. Again, thank you all for joining us today. And I'll now turn the call over to Michael.
Michael Moehn: Thanks, Warner and good morning, everyone. Turning now to page 20 of our presentation. Yesterday we reported 2020 earnings of $3.50 per share compared to earnings of $3.35 per share in 2019. Ameren Transmission earnings were up $0.13 per share, which reflected an increase in infrastructure investment and the impact of the first quarter on the MISO allowed base return equity. Earnings from Ameren Illinois Natural Gas were up $0.06 per share, which reflected increased infrastructure investments and lower other operations and main expenses due to discipline cost management. Earnings in Ameren Missouri, our largest segment increased $0.03 per share from $1.74 per share in 2019 to $1.77 per share in 2020. The comparison reflected new electric service rates effective April 1, which increase earnings by $0.23 per share compared to 2019.  Earnings also benefited from lower operations and maintenance expenses, which increased earnings to $0.16 per share. This was due in part to the deferral of expenses related to the fall 2020 Callaway Energy Center scheduled refueling and maintenance outage compared to recognizing all the expenses for the spring 2019 outage at that time. The change in time and expense recognition was approved by the Missouri PSC in early 2020 and better aligns revenue with expenses. In addition, the decline in other O&M expenses were driven by discipline cost management exercised throughout the year. These favorable factors are mostly offset by lower electric retail sales driven by the impacts of COVID-19 and weather, which together reduce earnings by approximately $0.18 per share. In 2020, we experienced milder than normal summer and winter temperatures compared to near normal summer and winter temperatures in 2019. In addition, lower MEEIA performance incentives reduced earnings by $0.09 per share compared to 2019 and higher interest expense due to higher long term debt outstanding reduced earnings by $0.04 per share. And finally, under terms of the Missouri rate review settlement order, we recognized a one time charitable contribution which reduced earnings by $0.02 per share. During the Ameren Illinois electric distribution earnings decrease $0.01 per share, which reflected a lower allowed return on equity underperformance base rate making mostly offset by increased infrastructure and energy efficiency investments. The allowed return equity under formulaic reckoning was 7.4% in 2020, compared to 8.4% in 2019, and was applied to year end rate base. The 2020 allowed ROE was based on the 2020 average 30 year Treasury yield of approximately 1.6%, down from the 2019 average of 2.6%. And finally, Ameren Parent and other results were lower compared to 2019 due to increase interest expense, resulting from higher, long term debt outstanding, as well as reduced tax benefits primarily associated with share based compensation. Turning to page 21, outline this page our all electric sales trends for Illinois Missouri, and Illinois electric distribution for 2020 compared to 2019. Overall, the year end results for Ameren are largely consistent with our expectations, outlined in our call in May in terms of impact on total sales and earnings per share for 2020 due to COVID-19. Recall that changes in electric sales in Illinois, no matter the cause do not affect earnings, since we have full revenue decoupling. And moving to page 22 of the presentation. Here we provide an overview of our $17.1 billion of strategically allocated capital plan expenditures for the 2021 through 2025 period. By business segments that analyze the approximately 8% projected rate base growth Warner discussed earlier. This plan includes an incremental $1.1 billion compared to the $16 billion five year plan for 2020 through 2024 that we laid out last February.  Turning to page 23, we outline here the expected funding sources for the infrastructure investments noted on the prior page. We expect continued growth and cash from operations as the investments are reflected in customer rates. We also expect to generate significant tax deferrals. Those tax deferrals are driven primarily by timing differences between financial statements depreciation, reflected in customer rates and accelerated depreciation for tax purposes. In addition to the benefits of accelerated tax depreciation, as a result of a $1.1 billion investment in 700 megawatts of wind generation, we will generate production tax credits over this period. From a financing perspective, while we have no long term debt maturities in 2021, we do expect to continue issuing long-term debt at the Ameren Parent, Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois to fund a portion of our cash requirements.  We also plan to continue to use newly issued shares from our dividend reinvestment employee benefit plans over the five year guidance period. We expect this to provide equity funding of approximately $100 million annually. Last week, we physically settled the remaining shares under a forward equity sale agreement to generate approximately $115 million. In order for us to maintain a strong balance sheet while we fund a robust infrastructure plan, we expect incremental equity issuance of approximately $150 million in 2021 and $300 million each year starting in 2022 through 2025. All of these actions are expected to enable us to maintain a consolidated capitalization target of approximately 45% equity. Moving to page 24 of our presentation, I would now like to discuss key drivers impacting our 2021 earnings guidance. As Warner stated we expect 2020 to 2021 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $3.65 to $3.85 per share. On this page, and next we have listed key earnings drivers and assumptions behind our 2021 earnings guidance broken down by segment as compared to our 2020 results. Beginning with Ameren Missouri, earnings are expected to rise in 2021. As previously noted, a majority of the 700 megawatts of wind generation investment was placed in service at the end of 2020 in early 2021. As a result, we expect to see significant contributions to earnings from these investments in 2021. The 2021 earnings comparison is also expected to be favorably impacted by the first quarter -- in the first quarter by increased Missouri electric service rates that took effect April 1, 2020. We also expect higher weather normalized electric sales and other margins in 2021 compared to 2020, as outlined by customer class on the slide reflecting the continuing improvement in economic activity since the COVID-19 lockdowns that began in the second quarter of last year. While 2021 sales expectations are much improved over 2020 we do not expect total sales to return to pre COVID-19 levels this year. Further, we expect to return to normal weather in 2021 will increase Ameren Missouri earnings by approximately $0.04 compared to 2020 results. We expect the amortization expenses associated with the fall 2020 Callaway schedule refueling and maintenance outage to reduce earnings by approximately $0.08 per share in 2021. The fall 2020 average cost of approximately $0.12 per share was deferred pursuant to the Missouri PSC order and is expected to be amortized over approximately 17 months starting January 2021. We also expect higher operations and maintenance expenses to reduce earnings. Moving on earnings from our FERC regulated electric transmission activities are expected to benefit from additional investments in Ameren Illinois, and ATXI projects made under forward looking for another rate making. This benefit will be partially offset by the absence of the impact of the 2020 FERC quarter on the MISO base allowed return on equity. Turning to page 25; for Ameren Illinois electric distribution earnings are expected to benefit in 2021 compared to 2020 from additional infrastructure investments made under Illinois performance based rate making. Our guidance incorporates a rate base -- formula based allowed ROE of 7.75% using your forecast at 1.9% 2020 average yield for the 30 year Treasury bond, which is higher than the allowed ROE of 7.4% in 2020. The allowed ROE is applied to year end rate base. For Ameren Illinois Natural Gas earnings will benefit from higher delivery service rates based on a 2021 feature test year, which were affected late last month as well as from infrastructure investments, qualifying for the rider investment treatment. Moving now to Ameren variance drivers and assumption, we expect the increase common shares outstanding as a result of the issuance under the forward equity sale agreement, our dividend reinvestment employee benefit plans and additional equity issuance of approximately $115 million to unfairly impact earnings per share by $0.12 cents. Of course, in 2021, we will seek to manage all of our businesses during as close to our allowed returns as possible while being mindful of operating and other business needs. I'd also like to take a moment to discuss our electric retail sales outlook. We expect weather normalized Missouri kilowatt hour sales to be in the range of flat to up approximately 0.5% compounded annually over our five year plan, excluding the effects of our MEEIA energy efficiency plans, using 2021 as the base year. Again, we exclude MEEIA effects because the plan provides rate recovery to ensure that earnings are not affected by reduced electric sales resulting from our energy efficiency efforts. Turning to Illinois; we expect our weather normalized kilowatt hour sales, including energy efficiency to be relatively flat over the five year plan. Turning to page 26, Ameren Missouri regulatory matters; last October, we follow requests with the Missouri PSC to track and defer in a regulatory asset certain COVID-19 related costs incurred net of any COVID-19 realized cost savings. Through December 31, 2020, we've accumulated approximately $6 million in net costs, and we requested additional true ups. If our requests are approved by the Missouri PSC the ability to recover and the time to recover these costs would be determined as part of the next electric and gas rate reviews. We continue to work towards a settlement with key stakeholders. I would also note that the PSE is under no deadline to issue orders. Speaking of future rate reviews, we continue to expect to file the next Ameren Missouri electric and gas rate reviews by the end of March 2021. Turning to page 27 in Illinois, Ameren Illinois electric regulatory matters; in December, the ITC approved a $49 million base electric distribution rate decrease and Illinois rate update proceeding with new rates effective at the beginning of the year. This marks the third consecutive overall reduction in rates in the seventh overall rate decrease in its performance base rate making began in 2011. In Ameren Illinois natural gas regulatory matters last month the ICC approved a $76 million annual increase in gas distribution rates using a 2021 future test year, a 9.67% of return on equity, and a 52% equity ratio. The $76 million included $44 million of annual revenues that would otherwise be recovered in 2021 under Ameren Illinois qualifying infrastructure plant and other riders. New rates were affected in late January. Finally turning to page 28. We have a strong team and are well positioned to continue to execute our plan. We delivered strong earnings growth in 2020. And we expect to deliver strong earnings growth in 2021 as we continue to successfully execute our strategy. As we look ahead, we expect 6% to 8% compound earnings per share growth from 2021 to 2025, driven by robust rate base growth and discipline cost management. Further, we believe this growth will compare favorably with the growth of our regulated utility peers. And Ameren shares continued to offer investors an attractive dividend. In total, we have an attractive total shareholder return story that compares very favorably to our peers. That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Julien Smith with Bank of America.
JulienSmith: Good morning to you and congratulations. Quite well, thank you, little frigid here in Texas. I suppose if you can elaborate a little bit. I know you provided some comments in your remarks here on Callaway. Can you elaborate a little bit more about how you've been able to reduce your fuel and purchase power costs care through the period as well as elaborate a little bit more just exactly what's transpired and what repairs are alongside. It seems like you're going to seek the bulk of the recovery through insurance and warranties here but if you can elaborate there, too.
WarnerBaxter: Yes, and thanks, Julien, lots of stuff to unpack there. I'm going to first ask Marty to talk a little bit about sort of what happened in the event and some of the actions that we're taking to make sure we get timely recovery. And then I'll talk a little bit about how we're balancing the fuel purchase power costs. So Marty why don't you to talk a little bit about the event in Callaway and how we're managing through that place.
MartinLyons: Yes, sure. Warner and good morning, Julien. Yes, we talked about in our prepared remarks, during the return to full power after our last refueling and maintenance outage, we experienced an issue with the electric generator, so non nuclear part of the plant non nuclear operation issue. So, subsequently, we did open up generator for inspection and identified issues with both the router as well as the status. So we decided that significant components did need to be replaced, those are long lead time materials that need to be manufactured, installed, tested, et cetera. So that we can ultimately make sure that we bring the plant back safely and sustainably. And we do estimate that that'll take as we said, late June, early July. So during this period of time the plant does remain down, but as we suggested, we're going to be doing everything we can to reduce the ultimate costs, including pursuing recovery of costs through warranties as well as we've made insurance claims, and to have insurance both on the property side as well as for accidental outage impacts as it relates to last generation.
WarnerBaxter: So I think that summarizes generally the event and what we're doing from a warranty and insurance perspective. I think, Julien, what we're doing from an operational perspective is what we do, when Callaway has this normal outages, we adjust the efforts and the outages or move those around for our coal fired energy centers. Now, I got to tell you, I'm pleased to say during this very cold period, our coal fired energy centers operated extremely well. And we do the same thing with the rest of our generating use, because all those go to mitigate the impact that Callaway is out. And so those are things that our team has already checked and adjusted for during this period of time. And we're very focused on just doing that the work that Marty described extremely well, getting Callaway back in service for the benefit of our customers.
JulienSmith: Excellent. If I can sneak in this one on legislation. I mean, there's been some consternation out in the market about this 30 year Treasury gyration and some of the proposals out there. I know a lot of bills floating out there. There's been some pickup in attention on that nuance. How would you characterize that? It seems like perhaps part of the back and forth and negotiation in the early part of the session here?
WarnerBaxter: Well, you're right. There are a lot of bills being discussed and actually filed in the state of Illinois. And I tell you, we're excited about the Downstate Clean Energy Affordability Act. And really the enhancements those were made through the act that we just filed last year, and do several things. One, Julien, it addresses the issue that you talked about, it really is no longer that Downstate Clean Energy Affordability Act that was filed isn't based on a 30 year Treasury, it is doing what legislators really wanted to have done back in 2012, when the modernization action plan was put in place. That was simply to try and have the return on equity really become very close to the national average. And that's exactly what's reflected in there. And so we -- that's why we like that, though, and of course, we'd like to build that was filed, because it not only applies to our electric business, but our gas business, because we're firmly convinced that performance based rate making has been terrific things for the state of Illinois in terms of reliability, in terms of affordability and jobs. And we think we can duplicate that in natural gas business. We think that's the best way forward. I'm sorry, Julian, you dropped out little bit there. I'm sorry.
JulienSmith: I am sorry, the gap as well as electric seems like a priority.
WarnerBaxter: Exactly, right. So look just to sum it up, there are a lot of bills out there. Obviously very early innings of the session. Yes, there's some that are trying to take different approaches to it. The only thing you can rest assured is that Richard Mark and his team, they're at the table. We're talking with key stakeholders and we are strongly supporting the Downstate Clean Energy Affordability Act.
Operator: Our next question comes from Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs.
InsooKim: Good morning and thank you for the time. I guess my first question going back to the Callaway outages a little bit and your work to mitigate any cost increases from purchase power fuel is expectation currently that during this time period, whether it's with the Callaway now or in the next few months, with the outage ongoing, that the fact it will still happen through bills? Or is there contemplation that maybe there'll be some type of deployment payment setup?
MichaelMoehn: Good morning, this is Michael. Yes, you see, you are right. I mean, we have a fuel adjustment clause in place Insoo that fully expect to those costs would flow through that there's a 95, five, sharing on that mechanism, as Marty said, I mean, there is this, look, do everything we can to possibly mitigate the overall impact on customers. And so there is insurance that both on the property side as well as the replacement power side not upon on whether or not we're going to get recovered there, but to the extent that we do, and obviously would go to mitigate a big part of that impact.
InsooKim: Got it. And then on your funding equity plans through 2025, correct me if I'm wrong, but I think the last time you were contemplating was the $150 million run rate for the year through 2024 and now it seems like a stepped up COVID turning 2022 is that contemplating just that base CapEx frankly 2025? Or somewhat inclusive of potential upside from renewable projects or other items.
MichaelMoehn: No, you're looking at the right way. I mean it's up about $150 million per year, starting in 2022, from where we were before, and it really is driven by we got about $1.1 billion additional capital here. $16 billion where we were last February to where we are today at $17.1 billion. And it really is just to continue to conservatively finance this balance sheet. We like our ratings, where they are, being heavily wanted Moody's BBB plus at S&P, and maintain that capital structure right at about 45%. So that's really what it's being driven to do at the end of the day, Insoo.
InsooKim: Got it. And just if I make what range of [Indiscernible] debt, should we be considering with this plan?
MichaelMoehn: Yes, we haven't specifically given that in the past, I mean, it Moody's, we have a threshold, a third target, S&P we have a threshold of 13%. We have 17% threshold at Moody's. I would tell you historically we've been 19% 20%. It's been coming down a little bit over time as we've invested more in capital, but we've had some good margins there.
Operator: Our next question comes from Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI.
DurgeshChopra: Good morning, guys. Thanks for taking my question. Going back to just the ROE, can you -- see pretty clear on what you're zooming for 2021? But maybe just how you're thinking about 30 year in the context of your five year plan?
WarnerBaxter: Yes, good. Appreciate the question. We historically, you're right. I mean, we're assuming 1.95 here for this year. And as you think, Durgesh, about our overall range the 6% to 8% off of this 375, it provides you a quite a bit of range, you go out in time, obviously about 40%, up $0.40 in total. And we really haven't historically said what we are assuming it. It obviously accommodates a number of things within that in terms of those ROEs, in terms of CapEx, in terms of regulatory outcomes, et cetera. But we haven't specifically said that we're targeting from a 30 year Treasury.
DurgeshChopra: Got it. Is it -- can we assume that like with the most of the forecasts here that you're assuming that yields creep up higher? Is that a fair assumption? Or are you kind of modeling surely a flat and that would be upside?
WarnerBaxter: It is a wide range and lots of different things can accommodate it in there. I mean, obviously, the 30 years moved quite a bit here in the last few months or so, but difficult to speculate exactly where it's going. 
DurgeshChopra: Understood. Okay. I understand that. Maybe just one quick one, the 1.2 gigawatt of the investment that you highlight in the Missouri IRB what's the cadence of timing and cadence of including that in the current five year plan? Or you think that falls out of the current five years and it's more like 2025 and beyond?
WarnerBaxter: So yes, this is Warner. Look, we've said before, we're focused on getting some of these renewable energy projects done consistent with our integrated resource plan. And so Marty and his team are working very hard, looking at several proposals, and as we said in our prepared remarks, that we plan on filing some CCN, still in 2021, to start addressing that. And so we don't have a specific number in terms of what we'll pursue. But we're looking to execute that plan. Simply put once we, when we do that we get further along the regulatory process, we finish our negotiations with developers, we think about the interconnection agreements to the extent needed. All those things will really dictate when we ultimately put them in our CapEx plan. But I would not suggest that 1,200 megawatts are outside of that -- all of that will be outside of the 2025.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research
SteveFleishman: Hey, great, thanks. Hey, Warner. So just a question on the dividend increase you did, which obviously, very happy about but you did, do it kind of off cycle. So you kind of did it in increase higher increase and you've been doing five months after you did your last one. So kind of curious, like, why didn't you do that in October? Or why don't you wait till next October? Is there any other kind of sense on what like, why now? And is this kind of the timing when you're going to do dividend increases going forward?
WarnerBaxter: Yes. That's a great question. Look, we've discussed with you and investors in the past look, Ameren's dividend, and this dividend policy are really important matters to our Board of Directors. And so clearly the Board took careful consideration in terms of thinking first and foremost about the dividend policy. And as you know, we announced that dividend policy change that talked about the future dividend growth is really going to be in line with our long term earnings per share growth and within our payout ratio of 55% to 70%, which is what we talked about in the past. And so when they did that, we all collectively did that we also carefully considered the practice that we've been using over the last several years of raising the dividend in the fall or in October.  And at the end of the day, the Board of Directors came to conclusion that it was really just appropriate to align the dividend increase we announced last week with the simultaneous updating of the dividend policy, which I just described. And then also to align it with our discussion about long term earnings guidance, which as you know we typically do right now at the beginning of the year. And so I can never tell you exactly what the Board would do in the future. And I would expect the practice that we employ this year to continue in the future. So of course all future dividend decisions, as we've said before, are driven by all kinds of things earnings, growth, cash flow, investments, business conditions, those types of things, but I expect to practice that we've employed this year to be consistent in the future.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
PaulPatterson: Great. So a really -- with easy with respect to the legislation and just sort of follow up on Julien's question. It seems like the sort of your -- you've got a downstate approach. And as you know there and as you mentioned, the other bills and stuff going on. I'm just wondering, sort of the strategy there and the thoughts about having sort of a one approach for downstate versus upstate. And could just elaborate a little bit one strategy there and just sort of a general what your thoughts are about what might be going on?
WarnerBaxter: Sure. Look, really our message around this Paul hasn't really changed. We talked last year and we'll continue to talk about that. As we see it as our legislators see it the downstate needs are different. And keep in mind when we think about downstate, I mean we are the major energy supplier downstate not just on the electric side, but on the gas side as well. So that downstate legislators looked at it and they clearly recognize there's some broad policy issues in the state of Illinois clearly in the northern portion. The state of around the nuclear plants, these are important issues and so we get that. And of course, we're engaged in those conversations, because we want to make sure that policy decisions made for the nuclear plants and others don't have negative implications for our customers' downstate. So we're engaged there. But similarly, we know the importance of investing in energy infrastructure on the electric and gas businesses, and we don't want to lose sight of that. And so we have proposed legislation, like we did last year that really is affecting the downstate, which is very consistent with what the state of Illinois wants to move towards a cleaner energy future. In this Downstate Affordability Act isn't just about grid modernization, let's just be clear, it is in part, and certainly around the gas business, that also is driving towards greater electrification, greater solar and battery storage, and its own standard policies that support these critical investments. So, now look if at the end of the day, we are -- we believe this is an appropriate approach. Of course, we're still early in the session, as Julien and I discussed a little while ago, and so we will engage with key stakeholders, other utilities on this important management. This is the direction that we think is appropriate, and certainly the sponsors of the legislation do as well.
PaulPatterson: Okay, great. And then appreciate the data on the cost reductions and build data. But just in general, as you've updated your forecast everything here. What's your expectation for the potential bill impact or just roughly speaking, with this growth trajectory that you guys have?
MichaelMoehn: Yes, I might comment just specifically for on O&M, and I'm not going to really comment on the overall bill impact itself. I think we've done a very good job, obviously, over time and managing that in terms of impact the customer, but if you think about the O&M piece of that as Warner pointed out, we've had some good success in managing those costs really on a flat basis over the last five years. And as we think about the future, we're obviously mindful of the capital that we're investing, and we're really focused on keeping that on O&M flattish over this five year forecasts as well. 
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
JeremyTonet: Good morning. Thanks for taking the questions, looking at your prior rate based disclosures in today's update; the growth into 2025 is closer to 9%. If I'm doing the math there, right. Can you speak of the CapEx status here that is the typical industry profile that is more end loaded on the CapEx and the other thoughts on -- [Tech Difficulty] back and forth on ultimate pay Jeremy, I'm sorry, you are you are breaking up. It was hard to hear the first par
WarnerBaxter: Hey, Jeremy, I am sorry. You are breaking it up. It is hard to hear the first part of your question. So and then our rate base growth. Look, if you could start again, I apologize. It just wasn't coming across clearly, please.
JeremyTonet: Sure. Can you hear me now? Is this better?
WarnerBaxter: Yes, it's much better. Thank you.
JeremyTonet: Sorry about that. So looking at your prior rate based disclosures in today's update, it looks like growth into 2025 is closer to 9%. Can you speak to the CapEx reference here versus typical industry profile, which is more kind of front end loaded on the CapEx? And then just also kind of thinking about Missouri renewables ownership and transmission investments as well. Do you see this is additive to this growth, extending the growth one way or for having any other impacts here?
WarnerBaxter: Yes. So let me -- I'll answer the second part. And then Michael, maybe you can get a little bit into to the math in the first part. Couple of things; with regard to the renewables and the transmission, we do see these as meaningful opportunities to continue a rate base growth. Now, as we've said in the past, we're not out here, given our five year plan and whether it will be 100% additive in all respects. And that be premature for me to say that, but to be clear we see the real needs clearly in our integrated resource plan for renewables. And we are taking steps as we discussed earlier to begin executing that plan. In fact, we have already started that, as you know with regard to the 700 megawatts, but we believe it's absolutely a prudent and appropriate to do more as we transition to a cleaner energy future. That clean energy future really is not going to be coming forth if we don't have greater levels of investment in transmission. And so as we pointed out in our slides and before that these large regional transmission projects, which have really put our country in the position where it is today in terms of growth and renewables, we're going to need to do more of that. And so we see those as greater opportunities when they come in is a little early to say we had been actively working with MISO and other key stakeholders to try and put the process in place for those transmission investments to get going on those. As I've said before, those take time, and not going to be done here in a year or two, if anything, we might see some towards the back end of our 2021 to 2025 plan. But we certainly see greater levels of investment in transmission in the next decade to enable where this transition to a clean energy future. So stay tuned in terms of how it ultimately gets additive. But we see that as clearly potential upside opportunities. And, Michael, I'll let you address for specific rate base question.
MichaelMoehn: Yes, Jeremy. And I'm not sure I completely followed your question. But let me try again, I can, you can do a little follow up, if it doesn't hit what you're looking for. I mean the overall rate base growth obviously has come down a little bit from where we were in February; it's just a function of obviously a higher jump off point here and in 2020, but still very robust rate base growth of 8% as noted on the slide. As we think about beyond 2025, and obviously, there's a large pipeline of opportunity there 40 plus billion dollars that we've indicated. And look, we'll have to just continue to assess over time, how we continue to phase this into the capital plan, we're mindful to the previous question about customer affordability, and just managing overall rate impact. So that's got to be factored into all this just overall financing those types of things. So I think there's lots of opportunity there in terms of the overall runway, and we'll just continue to update as we move through time. 
JeremyTonet: Got it, that's helpful. Maybe just to clarify, if I look at kind of the platform like some score was 25 yesterday at the rate base, I think it looks like a 9% step up there. And so we could take that discussion offline. Maybe it just kind of building off the some of the other comments you've had here given this week's extreme weather, how is your system performed overall, I guess, in light of everything, but more importantly do you expect any local policy impacts as a result of this week? Whether it's capacity, resiliency, generation transition, or anything from these events?
WarnerBaxter: Yes, so Jeremy, this is Warner again. Look, couple of things. One, our system perform really quite well. Do we have our share of challenges because of the overall impact to the energy grid broadly in different areas of the country? Yes, we're impacted by that because of the interconnectivity, but our system performed well, and as I said before, certainly the fact that we had our coal fired energy centers running well, our gas storage operations doing very well. And those investments that we've been making over the last 5-10 years, it really paid off during this period of time. So no, we as I said, we did not have any significant reliability issues. And we're pleased to say that. Now, when you step back and say what is going to happen as a result of all this, I believe there will be greater levels of oversight or perhaps hearings. And as we all collectively try to understand how we can continue to improve the grid. I'm not going to speculate where it'll be it, whether there'll be, I think, likely state or federal matters but we're just -- we've been very focused on, as an industry is making sure that we're taking care of our customers collectively. But there's going to be more to be head on this to be sure. And we look forward to engaging with stakeholders should we be asked to, but I can be pleased to tell you and others, that's just a held up well, and we delivered customers safe, reliable electric and natural gas during this period of time.
JeremyTonet: Got it. That's very helpful. Just one last one if I could on Callaway here in outage. And just want to come back to how much ultimate cost recovery do you expect to seek from warranties and insurance. And insurance are there any early investigations findings that inform your kind of confidence here on the ultimate liability and [Indiscernible]?
WarnerBaxter: And Jeremy, honestly we're, it'd be premature for us to comment on that. We're dealing with the appropriate parties from a warranty perspective, from an insurance perspective, that work continues so if we -- when we have material updates on that we will provide it. But it's just too early for us to really comment any further at this stage. 
Operator: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I'd like to turn the call back over to Andrew Kirk for closing comment.
Andrew Kirk: Thank you for participating in this call. A replay of this call will be available for one year on our website. If you have questions, you may call the contacts listed on our earnings release. Financial Analysts inquiries should be directed to me, Andrew Kirk, media should call Tony Paraino. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And we thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q3  (2020-11-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew Kirk - Ameren Corp. Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp. Michael L. Moehn - Ameren Corp. Marty Lyons - Ameren Corp.
Analysts: Jeremy Tonet - JPMorgan Securities LLC Durgesh Chopra - Evercore Group LLC Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Sangita Jain - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. Andrew Stuart Levi - HITE Hedge Asset Management LLC Insoo Kim - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC David Paz - Wolfe Research LLC
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Ameren Corporation's Third Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Andrew Kirk, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you. Mr. Kirk, you may begin.
Andrew Kirk - Ameren Corp.: Thank you, and good morning. On the call with me today are Warner Baxter, our Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Moehn, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; as well as other members of the Ameren management team joining remotely. Warner and Michael will discuss our earnings results and guidance as well as provide a business update. Then, we will open the call for questions. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call contains time-sensitive data that's accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on the AmerenInvestors.com homepage that will be referenced by our speakers. As noted on page 2 of the presentation, comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions, and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the forward-looking statements section in the news release we issued yesterday, and the forward-looking statements and risk factors sections in our filings with the SEC. Lastly, all per share earnings amounts discussed during today's presentation, including earnings guidance are presented on a diluted basis unless otherwise noted. Now, here's Warner.
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Before I jump into our discussion of third quarter results, another key business manners, I'll start with a few comments on COVID-19. So, again, I hope you, your families, and colleagues are safe and healthy during this challenging time. While COVID-19 has driven a great deal of change, I can assure you that one thing that remains constant in Ameren is our strong commitment to the safety of our co-workers, customers, and communities. So, too, is our strong focus on delivering safe, reliable, cleaner, and affordable electric and natural gas service during this unprecedented time. We recognize that millions of customers in Missouri and Illinois are depending on us. I can't express enough appreciation to my co-workers who have shown great agility, innovation, determination and a keen focus on safety while delivering on our mission to power the quality of life. We continue to carefully monitor the impact of COVID-19 on our electric sales, liquidity, and supply chain. To date, these impacts have been manageable and are largely in line with our expectations. In addition, our team continues to successfully execute our strategy across the entire business. Looking ahead, we'll remain focus on executing our strategy including employing our strong safety practices as well as continued exercise financial discipline to mitigate the impacts of COVID-19. At the same time, we will look to capitalize on key opportunities that we have identified during the last several months including benefits we are realizing from our digital investments and other efficiencies in our operations. Turning now to page 4 for an update on third quarter results and 2020 earnings guidance. Yesterday, we announced third quarter 2020 earnings of $1.47 per share compared to $1.47 per share earned in 2019. A summary of the key drivers is provided on this page, which Michael will discuss in more detail in a moment. I am pleased to report that we remain on track to deliver solid earnings growth in 2020 over 2019. Yesterday, we also announced that we narrowed our 2020 earnings guidance range to $3.40 per share to $3.55 per share. That compares to our initial guidance range of $3.40 per share to $3.60 per share. Moving to page 5, here, we reiterate our strategic plan, which we have been executing very well throughout the year. We expect our plan will continue delivering significant value for our customers and a strong long-term earnings growth for our shareholders. The first pillar of our strategy stresses investing in and operating our utilities in a manner consistent with existing regulatory frameworks. This has driven our multiyear focus on investing in energy infrastructure for the long-term benefit of customers in all four of our jurisdictions. As I have said many times in the past, our customers are at the center of our strategy. Our customers have been clear. They want safe, reliable, and clean energy, all at an affordable price. Our goal is to meet our customers' energy needs and exceed their expectations. As you can see on the right side of this page, during the first nine months of this year, we invested a significant capital in each of our business segments to achieve our goal for our customers, and we are delivering results. Our energy grid is becoming more reliable, resilient, and secure. We are implementing and enabling clean energy through our renewable energy and transmission investments, and our customers' electric rates remain among the lowest in the country at approximately 20% below the national average. Of course, we're not done. We will continue to make critical investments across our businesses to modernize the energy grid. In addition, we will continue to transition our generation portfolio to a cleaner and more diverse portfolio in a responsible fashion. That transition will include significant investments in renewable energy, which I will cover in more detail in a moment. And we will continue to invest in innovative technologies including digital technologies to meet and exceed our customers' rising expectations. Consistent with the Ameren Missouri Smart Energy Plan, we're putting meaningful dollars to work to modernize the energy grid and to serve our customers better. I am pleased to report that in July, Ameren Missouri began installing the first of 1.2 million electric smart meters for customers. The installation of these smart meters over the next several years will enhance reliability and provide more visibility and choices for our customers to control their energy usage. Our Ameren Illinois electric and gas distribution customers already seeing these benefits as we completed the installation of over 1.2 million electric smart meters and over 830,000 gas modules in 2019. We have also been working hard in the regulatory arena to earn fair returns on our investments. As we discussed on our first and second quarter earnings calls, new electric rates went into effect on April 1 of this year as a result of the constructor settlement in Ameren Missouri's electric rate review. In addition, as Michael will cover in more detail later, we will continue to progress through our electric and natural gas regulatory proceedings in Illinois. We expect a final decision in the electric proceeding by December of this year and a final decision in a gas proceeding by January of next year. From an operational perspective, the Callaway Energy Center began its scheduled refueling and maintenance outage in early October. The outage is progressing safely and on schedule. Finally, another important element of the first pillar of our strategy has been and remains our relentless focus on continuous improvement and disciplined cost management to keep rates affordable. Moving to page 6 and the second pillar of our strategy, which includes enhancing regulatory frameworks for the benefit of all stakeholders. In Illinois, we continue to support the proposed Downstate Clean Energy Affordability Act. This important legislation would allow Ameren Illinois to make significant investments in solar energy and battery storage to improve reliability, as well as to make investments in transportation electrification in order to benefit customers and the economy across Central and Southern Illinois. In addition, it would help address energy policy challenges facing the state, including the need for additional renewable sources and better electric vehicle charging infrastructure. This bill would help address these challenges and move the state of Illinois closer to reaching its goal of 100% clean energy by 2050. This legislation will also continue to support important investments in the energy grid to meet our customers' expectations for a more reliable and resilient energy grid. In addition, this legislation would modify the allowable return on equity formula and would also extend the electric performance-based ratemaking framework through 2032. We have been actively participating in energy policy discussions, including the governors and Senate working group meetings. As noted on this slide, a veto session is currently scheduled for certain days in November and December. Consistent with the views that we expressed during our second quarter call, we do not expect comprehensive energy legislation to be addressed during the veto session in 2020. Looking ahead, we will continue to engage with the key stakeholders in an open and transparent fashion to better understand their views and advocate for constructive energy policies that support investment and critical infrastructure. Moving to Ameren Missouri regulatory matters, on October 16, we have filed requests with the Missouri Public Service Commission to track and defer in a regulatory asset certain COVID-19 related costs incurred, net of any COVID-19 realized cost savings. Through September 30, 2020, we have accumulated approximately $9 million of net costs, and we've requested additional true-ups next year. If our requests are approved by the Missouri PSC, the recovery and the timing of recovery of these costs would be determined as part of the next electric and gas rate reviews. The PSC is under no deadline to issue orders, and we cannot predict the ultimate outcome of this matter. Speaking of future rate reviews and as we discussed during our second quarter conference call, we continue to expect to file the next Ameren Missouri electric rate review in the first half of 2021. In addition, we also expect to file an Ameren Missouri natural gas rate review during the first half of 2021 as well. Turning now to page 7 and Missouri's Integrated Resource Plan. In late September, we announced a transformative preferred plan that will accelerate our transition to a cleaner and more diverse generation portfolio while carefully balancing two important needs for our customers: reliability and affordability. Our plan is clearly transformational as it significantly accelerates our carbon emission reduction goals from those that we established in 2017. In particular, the plan targets a 50% reduction in carbon emissions below 2005 levels by 2030 and an 85% reduction by 2040. And by 2050, our goal is to achieve net-zero carbon emissions across all of Ameren. We plan to achieve these goals by making significant investments in renewable generation. Under our preferred plan, we would add 3,100 megawatts of wind and solar to our portfolio, representing approximately $4.5 billion of investment by 2030. By 2040, in total, 5,400 megawatts of wind and solar would be added for a total investment of approximately $8 billion. These renewable generation additions include our wind generation investment of $1.2 billion for 700 megawatts that we expect will be substantially complete this year. The plan also advances the retirement of two of our coal-fired energy centers, with all of our coal-fired energy centers retired by 2042. It is important to note that our plan does not include the addition of any combined cycle natural gas plants. Further, we expect to seek an extension of the operating license of our carbon-free Callaway Nuclear Energy Center beyond the current expiration date of 2044. And we will continue to implement robust energy efficiency and demand response programs. Importantly, our plan represents a responsible transition of our portfolio that takes into consideration environmental stewardship, system reliability, and customer affordability. Our plan leverages the very low-cost generation that our customers enjoy today and used it as a bridge to enable us to add greater levels of intermittent resources in the future while ensuring system reliability. Our plan also intends to leverage important research and development investments by the public and private sectors and incorporate advances in clean energy technologies over time to achieve our net-zero carbon emissions goal. We are very excited about this transformational plan and are already taking steps to implement it. In September, we issued a request for proposal that will enable us to assess and take the appropriate next steps on solar and wind projects that will deliver the best value to our customers, consistent with our IRP. Responses to our request have been robust and we are in the process of assessing those proposals as we speak. We will provide an update on our assessment as well as our five-year capital plan for 2021 to 2025 during our year-end conference call in February. Consistent with our approach in the past, we will consider a variety of factors before we include such major projects into our plan. Having said that, one thing is clear. Our IRP includes significant incremental investment opportunities including approximately $3 billion by 2030. As I said before, we are very excited about our transformational plan as well as how Ameren and our industry are leading the country and the world in executing responsible and achievable plans to significantly reduce carbon emissions and in so doing creating a cleaner and sustainable energy future. Speaking of creating a cleaner and sustainable energy future, let's move now to page 8 for an update on our $1.2 billion wind generation investment plan to achieve compliance with Missouri's Renewable Energy Standard through the acquisition of 700 megawatts of new wind generation at two sites in Missouri. Good progress continues to be made at both facilities. All of the construction and related installation of key components for the 400 megawatt facility have been completed and testing of the units will be completed over the next several weeks. As a result, we expect a 400 megawatt facility to be in service by the end of 2020. For the 300 megawatt facility, we are working closely with the developer to monitor the shipment and installation of remaining facility components. As we discussed on prior earnings calls this year, we have experienced some delays in the project due to several factors including those related to challenges in the global supply chain due to COVID-19, as well as in the transportation of certain components. As a result, we expect a portion of the project, or approximately $200 million of investment, to be placed in service in the first quarter of 2021. We do not expect this to have a significant economic consequences or reduce the production tax credits for this project because of the recent rule changes made by the U.S. Department of the Treasury to extend the in-service criteria by one year to December 31, 2021. Moving to page 9, looking ahead through the end of this decade, we have a robust pipeline of investment opportunities of over $39 billion that will deliver significant value to all of our stakeholders by making our energy grid stronger, smarter, and cleaner. This robust pipeline now includes the new renewable generation proposed in the preferred plan of the Missouri Integrated Resource Plan, which added approximately $3 billion of incremental investment opportunities in 2020 to 2029. Importantly, these investment opportunities exclude any new regionally beneficial transmission projects that would increase the reliability and resiliency of the energy grid, as well as enable additional renewable generation projects. Of course, our investment opportunities will not only create a stronger and cleaner energy grid to meet our customers' needs and exceed their expectations, but they will also create thousands of jobs for local economies. Maintaining constructive energy policies that support robust investment in energy infrastructure will be critical to meeting our country's future energy needs and delivering on our customers' expectations. Moving to page 10; a few moments ago, I mentioned that we are focused on delivering a sustainable energy future for our customers, communities, and our country. Consistent with that focus, we recently published a stakeholder presentation called Leading the Way to a Sustainable Energy Future, which is Ameren's vision statement. This presentation demonstrates how we have been effectively integrating our focus on environmental, social, governance and sustainability matters into our corporate strategy. This slide summarizes our sustainability value proposition for environmental, social, and governance matters. We have a strong environmental focus which is, in part, demonstrated by the Missouri Integrated Resource Plan I discussed earlier. Importantly, the preferred plan discussed earlier is consistent with the objectives of the Paris Agreement and limiting global temperature rise to 1.5 degrees Celsius. Emissions from our coal-fired energy centers are well below state and federal limits, and our natural gas pipeline system has no cast or wrought iron pipes. We also have a strong long-term commitment to our customers and communities to be socially responsible and economically impactful. There has never been a more important time than now to be a leader in this area. In terms of COVID-19 relief, we have been tirelessly working to help our customers in need, including implementing disconnection moratoriums, providing special bill payment plans, and providing over $15 million of critical funds for energy assistance and other basic needs. And we have set up and spoken out against racial injustice and discrimination and have taken actions to enable our company and community to further embrace diversity, equity, and inclusion. And we were honored to again be recognized by DiversityInc as one of the top utilities in the country for diversity, equity and inclusion. Finally, our strong corporate governance is led by a diverse Board of Directors, focused on strong oversight that's aligned with ESG matters. And our executive compensation practices include performance metrics that are tied to sustainable long-term performance and progress towards a cleaner, sustainable energy future. I encourage you to take some time to read more about our sustainability value proposition. You can find this presentation at amereninvestors.com. Moving to page 11; to sum up our value proposition, the consistent execution of our strategy over many years and on many fronts has positioned us well for future success. We remain firmly convinced that the execution of this strategy in 2020 and beyond will deliver superior value to our customers, shareholders, and the environment. In May, we affirmed our five-year growth plan, which included our expectation of 6% to 8% compound annual earnings per share growth for the 2020 through 2024 period. This earnings growth is primarily driven by our approximate 9% compound annual rate base growth from 2019 through 2024, and compares very favorably with our regulated utility peers. I am confident in our ability to execute our investment plans and strategies across all four of our business segments as we have an experienced and dedicated team to get it done. In addition, we will continue to advocate for constructive regulatory frameworks and energy policies to support these important investments for the future. Further, our shares continue to offer investors a solid dividend. Last month, Ameren's board of directors expressed its confidence in our long-term growth plan by increasing the dividend by 4%, the 7th consecutive year with a dividend increase. Given the midpoint of our 2020 earnings guidance range that I discussed earlier, our dividend payout ratio is approximate 59%, which stores the (00:21:13) lower end of our company's targeted dividend payout ratio range of 55% to 70%. This factor, combined with strong earnings growth expectations, (00:21:24) well for future dividend growth. Of course, future dividend decisions will be driven by earnings growth, in addition to cash flows and other business conditions. Together, we believe our strong earnings growth outlook, combined with our solid dividend, results in an attractive total return opportunity for shareholders. Again, thank you all for joining us today, and I'll now turn the call over to Michael.
Michael L. Moehn - Ameren Corp.: Thanks, Warner, and good morning, everyone. Turning now to page 13 of our presentation. Yesterday we reported third quarter 2020 earnings of $1.47 per share compared to earnings of $1.47 per share for the year-ago quarter. The key factors by segment that drove the year-over-year results are highlighted on this page. Ameren Transmission and Ameren Illinois Natural Gas earnings were up $0.03 and $0.02 per share, respectively, reflecting increased infrastructure investments. In Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution earnings increased $0.01 per share, reflecting increased infrastructure and energy efficiency investments, partially offset by a lower expected allowed of return on equity under (00:22:28) performance-based ratemaking. Ameren Missouri, our largest segment, reported earnings that declined $0.02 per share compared to the prior year. The comparison was primarily driven by a lower electric sales of $0.08 per share due to both milder than normal temperatures in the third quarter compared to warmer than normal temperatures in the previous year, as well as lower weather-normalized sales, primarily due to impacts of COVID-19. Ameren Missouri's earnings also reflected lower MEEIA performance incentives of $0.03 per share compared to the year-ago period. These unfavorable factors were partially offset by new electric service rates effective April 1, which increased earnings by $0.08 per share compared to the year-ago period, as well as lower operations and maintenance expenses reflecting a disciplined cost management, which increased earnings by $0.04 per share. And finally, Ameren Parent and Other results decreased $0.04 per share, primarily due to the timing of income tax expense, which is not expected to impact full year earnings and increased interest expense resulting from higher long-term debt outstanding. Moving now to page 14 of our presentation, I'd like to briefly touch on key drivers impacting our 2020 earnings guidance. As Warner stated, we narrowed our 2020 earnings guidance to a range of $3.40 to $3.55 per share from $3.40 to $3.60 per share. This guidance range assumes normal weather in the remaining three months of the year, as well as reflect sales update since our second quarter earnings call in August primarily related to COVID-19. For the year, we expect total weather normalized sales in Ameren Missouri to be down approximately 2%. Broken down by customer class, we now expect 2020 commercial sales to decline approximately 6.5%, industrial sales to decline approximately 3% and residential sales to increase approximately 3.5%. Overall, our update today is largely consistent with our expectations outlined in our call in May in terms of both total sales and EPS impacts for 2020 due to COVID-19. Before moving on, let me briefly cover electric sales trends for Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution for the first nine months of this year compared to the first nine months of last year. Weather-normalized kilowatt-hour sales to Illinois residential customers increased a little over 2.5%. And weather-normalized kilowatt-hour sales to Illinois commercial and industrial customers decreased 6.5% and nearly 8%, respectively. Recall that changes in electric sales in Illinois no matter the cause do not affect our earnings since we have full revenue decoupling. Moving on to other guidance considerations; select earnings considerations for the balance of the year are listed on this page. As Warner mentioned earlier, we remain very focused on maintaining disciplined cost management for the remainder of the year. Our focus in these areas enabled us to effectively address the headwinds we have faced from COVID-19 to-date. Moving now to page 15 for an update on Ameren Illinois regulatory matters. In April, we made our required annual electric distribution rate update filing. Under Illinois performance-based ratemaking, we are required to file annual rate updates to systematically adjust cash flows over time for changes in costs of service and to true up any prior period over and under recovery (00:25:53) of such costs. In late September, the ICC staff recommended a $49 million base rate decrease compared to our rate – compared to our request of a $45 million base rate decrease. A decision is expected by December with new rates expected to be effective in January 2021. Earlier this year, we also filed with the ICC for an annual increase in Ameren Illinois natural gas distribution rates using a 2021 future test year and has since updated our request to in September (00:26:29). We're requesting a rate increase of $97 million, while the ICC staff has recommended an increase of $60 million. A decision is expected by January 2021 with new rates expected to be effective in February 2021. Turning now to page 16 for an update on financing activities. I'd like to highlight an important milestone recently reached for our wind generation investments. On October 9, Ameren Missouri issued $550 million of 2.625% green first mortgage bonds due in 2051. This issuance marked the first green bond offering for the company as the lowest coupon that Ameren Missouri or any Ameren issuer has secured on 30-year debt. At the time of issuance, it was also the fifth lowest 30-year coupon ever in the power and utility industry. Proceeds from the issuance will be used to fund a portion of the 700 megawatts of wind generation investment. We also expect to settle a portion of the equity forward sale agreement before the end of this year with proceeds also used to fund a portion of the wind generation investment. We expect to settle the remainder of the equity forward sale agreement when the 300-megawatt wind project is completed in the first quarter of 2021. Finally, on October 15, Ameren Corporation redeemed $350 million or 2.7% senior unsecured debt at par that to mature on November 15. A portion of the proceeds from the $800 million issuance by Ameren Corporation in early April was used to fund the repayment. Before moving on, I'd also like to mention that we expect Ameren Illinois to issue long-term debt this year to repay short-term debt. Moving now to page 17, we plan to provide 2021 earnings guidance when we release fourth quarter results in February next year. Using our 2020 year-to-date results and guidance as a reference point, we have listed on this page select items to consider as you think about the earnings outlook for next year. Beginning with Missouri, as previously noted, the 700 megawatts of wind generation are expected to be substantially in-service by the end of 2020 with a portion of the 300-megawatt facility expected to be in service in the first quarter of 2021. As a result, we expect to see contributions earnings from these investments beginning in 2021. The 2021 earnings comparison is also expected to be favorably impacted (00:28:54) in the first quarter next year by the increase in Missouri electric service rates that took effect April 1, 2020. We also expect higher weather-normalized electric sales in 2021 compared to 2020, reflecting the continuing improvement in economic activities since the COVID-19 lockdowns in the second quarter of this year. Further, we expect the return to normal weather in 2021 will increase Ameren Missouri earnings by approximately $0.04 compared to 2020 results through the third quarter, assuming normal weather in the last quarter this year. As a result in Missouri PSC approval of our requested change in the way we account for Callaway's scheduled refueling and maintenance expenses, we expect the amortization expenses associated with the fall 2020 outage to be approximately $0.07 per share higher in 2021 than the amortization expense expected to be realized in 2020. The fall 2020 outage is expected to cost approximately $0.11 per share and will be amortized over approximately 18 months starting in December of this year. Moving on, earnings from our FERC-regulated electric transmission activities are expected to benefit from additional investments in Ameren Illinois and ATXI projects made under our forward-looking formula ratemaking. For Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution, earnings are expected to benefit in 2021 compared to 2020 from an additional infrastructure investments made under the Illinois performance-based ratemaking. The allowed ROE under the formula would be at the average of the 2021 30-year treasury yield plus 5.8%, which applied to year-end rate base. For Ameren Illinois Natural Gas, earnings are expected to benefit from higher delivery service rates based on a 2021 future test year and from infrastructure investments qualifying for rider treatment. Finally, the issuance of common shares under the forward sale agreement to fund a portion of our wind generation investments and under our dividend reinvestment and employee benefit plans as well as additional equity of approximately $150 million (00:30:58) in 2021 are expected to unfavorably impact earnings per share. Of course, in 2021, we will seek to manage all of our businesses to earn as close to our allowed return as possible, while being mindful of operating in other business needs (00:31:11). Finally, turning to page 18, I will summarize. We have a strong team and are well-positioned to continue executing our plan. We continue to expect to deliver solid earnings growth in 2020 as we successfully execute our strategy and navigate the impacts of COVID-19. As we look to the longer term, we continue to expect strong earnings per share growth driven by robust rate base growth and disciplined cost management. Further, we believe the growth compares very favorably with the growth of our utility peers, and Ameren shares continue to offer investors a solid dividend. In total, we have attractive total shareholder return story that converts very favorably to our peers. This concludes my prepared remarks. With that, now, we'll invite your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. We ask that you please limit your time to one question and one follow-up as necessary. Our first question comes from line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Jeremy Tonet - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Hi. Good morning.
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: Good morning, Jeremy. Good morning. How are you doing?
Jeremy Tonet - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Great. Thank you.
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: Terrific.
Jeremy Tonet - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Just want to dig in on 2021 a little bit more if I could and would you be able to provide any additional color on the sales outlook across different sectors; residential, commercial, industrial in your 2021 earnings considerations? And what local trends are you seeing and how do you expect these trends to change over 2021 with COVID recovery? And then lastly, are there any additional considerations for your gas versus electric operations under continued COVID impact?
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: Yeah. So, Jeremy, so, lot to unpack there. Clearly, Michael laid out some of the trends that we have seen in 2020, and now obviously, we've talked a little bit about 2021 in the past. So, Michael, why don't you maybe touch on some of those trends? And then we can sort of look at the gas business and sort of the second part of that question.
Michael L. Moehn - Ameren Corp.: Yeah. Good morning. Appreciate the question. Yeah, look, we did lay out quite a bit of detail, obviously, onto2020, and we continue to, I think, track pretty well with where we expected things to come out as we talked about the beginning of the year. I think for the most part, it's coming in about where we expected. The mix is a little bit different. As you think about 2021, I mean, we're doing a lot of different scenarios, Jeremy, and we're thinking about how this recovery is going to continue. And we are obviously modeling a recovery to continue into 2021, and we're looking hard within each of those sectors. And obviously, you've seen the strong piece on the residential side, industrial, it's come back for the most part. Commercial is the area we're spending a lot of time on just really trying to understand what that impact will be for retail, et cetera. So, we haven't, obviously, provided what we're going to exactly see for 2021 because we want to really see where 2020 continues to finish out here. Being really thoughtful about it, I mean, I – to be honest, I'm not seeing a lot of scenarios where we would gain all of that back; I mean, I'll be honest about that. But we clearly do continue to see the recovery continue in place. Now, all of that is premised on the fact that we wouldn't go back to any sort of shelter-in-place orders. And for the most part, where we're impacted by earnings here in Missouri, we're pretty well opened up. I mean, you do have certain sectors operating at some limited capacity, restaurants or retail, those kind of things. And so, we're assuming that some of that continues to come back. But again, all that's premised on the fact that we wouldn't have any significant sort of shelter in place at the moment.
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: Yeah. Michael, I think that's a great summary. So, I think Michael summed it up well. We continue to see really pretty much what we expected at the outset. We expected a modest recovery over time, and that's what we're seeing. And we'll get more guidance, of course, when we come out in our February conference call with regard to 2021 and beyond, so we'll be able to give you some more perspectives. You asked about the gas business. And so, keep in mind, the – our big gas business. We have a small gas business in Missouri, but the big gas business is in Illinois, and that's decoupled. And so, when you think in terms of COVID-19, the implications there are really nonexistent in terms of the overall impacts on sales and margins and the like.
Michael L. Moehn - Ameren Corp.: Yeah. That's exactly right, Warner. I mean, we are decoupled for the residential and small noncommercial customer in Illinois, which is probably about 90% of the margin over there, Jeremy. So that's probably the – really the way to think about that for 2021.
Jeremy Tonet - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. That's very helpful. Thank you. And maybe just pivoting a bit over to the Missouri rate cases and what are the primary drivers of the timing of the Missouri rate cases here? And do you expect to incorporate any IRP elements in the electric filing around the plant retirements, and are there any notable test year differences under a first half 2021 filing versus filing now?
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: Yeah, Jeremy. So, this is Warner. Look, I think that we'll be able to provide a lot more detail when we ultimately file the rate case. But as we've said before when we think about filing this next rate review, we're going to be mindful of the fact that we have some big wind generation projects, right, renewable wind generation projects that we expect to be substantially in-service by the end of the year. And so, that's clearly a driver, always an opportunity to true up for costs and sales. Those will, obviously, be drivers as well. But to say there'll be any significant variations at this point in time, it'd be premature. Marty and his team are diligently putting together that rate review. And as we said, we'll put together in the first half of next year. And so, I really think the best thing to say is that, obviously, the wind generation is a big portion of it, as well as the Smart Energy Plan, right? I keep and (00:37:16) not lose focus on the fact that we're making significant investments in Missouri. So, those will be some key drivers to be looking towards, and we'll be able to give you a better update when we file that plan sometime in the first half of next year.
Jeremy Tonet - JPMorgan Securities LLC: Got it. That's helpful. I appreciate it. Thank you.
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: Thanks, Jeremy. Have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Durgesh Chopra with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: Good morning.
Michael L. Moehn - Ameren Corp.: Good morning.
Durgesh Chopra - Evercore Group LLC: Hey. Good morning, guys. Thank you for taking my question. I'm sorry I didn't realize I was in mute. Maybe – you guys talked about sort of you're going to be cautious and disciplined including some of those incremental CapEx on the Q4 call. Perhaps what are – between now and Q4 sort of what goes into that consideration of including that CapEx (00:38:11)? Is there something incremental on the IRP that you're going to hear (00:38:14)? Just any thoughts or color around that would be appreciated.
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: Sure. Sure. So, this is Warner, again. Look, as we've said in the past, we'll be thoughtful in terms of when we include new renewable generation projects, things from the Integrated Resource Plan into our long-term CapEx and look at (00:38:34) a variety of factors. And certainly, one important matter that we'll be mindful of is that Marty and his team, they've issued an RFP for the wind and solar projects. And so, that's already out there. So, well, not only we filed (00:38:46) the IRP, but we're taking steps to execute elements of that plan. And of course, an RFP and our ability to assess those projects from that RFP will be one important consideration that we'll look at. And, of course, there are regulatory factors. It's always – we want to be thoughtful in terms of when we do these things, looking at the nature of the projects, the regulatory approvals that would be required, all those things go into our determination of when we actually put it in there. But as I said at the outset, one thing is clear, is that the opportunities from our Integrated Resource Plan are significant, and there are $3 billion through 2030. And so, Michael, any other thing that you would add to that?
Michael L. Moehn - Ameren Corp.: (00:39:25), that's a great summary, I think, of the IRP itself. I mean, I think of just the normal kind of budgeting and stuff, the updates that we'll do in the February timeframe, we go through that process obviously throughout the year. We continue to look at capital allocation issues. And so, it'll be the normal updates just in the course of the business that we run through. And so, you certainly should expect to see that. And that's typically when we do that in that February call as well.
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: Absolutely. Absolutely.
Durgesh Chopra - Evercore Group LLC: That's great. And maybe just a quick follow-up. Could you comment on sort of how much room do you have (00:39:58)? I mean, that's sort of something that you've routinely talked with investors about, and how does the IRP plan fit in to that?
Michael L. Moehn - Ameren Corp.: Yeah. Perfect, appreciate that question. Really what we've said in the past, I think you were referring to the 2.85% cap that was built in the Senate Bill 564. Really, there's only two things that have occurred. And again, that's a CAGR over that 2017 through 2023 time period. Two things have happened since that legislation was passed. We had the – obviously, the federal tax reduction that occurred in 2019 (00:40:30). We're able to keep half of that for purposes of that calculation. And then we just obviously concluded this last rate review, which was another 1% decrease. So we haven't specifically said exactly how much headroom, but to give you a sense that both of those things have been rate decreases. You've got the 2.85% CAGR, so it gives you hopefully an idea of what kind of headroom we have today.
Durgesh Chopra - Evercore Group LLC: Great. Thanks, guys. Appreciate the time.
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Michael L. Moehn - Ameren Corp.: Julien, how are you doing?
Unknown Speaker: Hey, good morning. It's actually Darius Lazney (00:41:11) on for Julien. How are you?
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: I'm doing terrific. How are you doing?
Unknown Speaker: Doing well. Thanks. I just wanted to quickly touch on your 2020 guidance. As I've looked at your drivers relative to the Q2 update, it looks like you're expecting an incrementally higher ROE in Illinois and it looks like your Q4 COVID impact, once you back out the Q3 impact, looks like that's gotten a little bit better by about a penny. So, can you maybe just help us understand a little bit better what drove the reduction by a nickel at the high end?
Michael L. Moehn - Ameren Corp.: Yeah. I mean, really, I think if you think about the reduction of the nickel, I mean, so, if you go to – through 9.30% (00:41:56), we're down about $0.04, obviously, on weather. We've had a number of COVID impacts there. You can see about $0.17 or so along with that. And as we thought about it, we've offset a lot of those COVID impacts, obviously, with some disciplined cost management on the O&M side. And really, it's about adjusting that down by a couple of cents on the weather piece of that, really, is what drove that decision.
Unknown Speaker: Okay, great. Thank you. And if I could just touch on the dividend briefly. You mentioned in your remarks earlier, you guys – it sounds like you have a little bit of latitude relative to your 55% to 70% range. So, I know future decisions are obviously subject to board approval, but how should we think about future increases in the payout relative to the payout range and also to your 6% to 8% EPS CAGR?
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: Yeah. And I appreciate – this is Warner again. Clearly, the dividend is an important area of focus for our board of directors. And we've been clear all along that we target our dividend payout ratio of 55% to 70%. And so, as you know, over the last several years that we've allocated a great deal of our capital to rate-based growth, which has obviously driven strong earnings per share growth, which that couple with our solid dividend has really delivered really strong total shareholder returns. So at the same time, I think, as you pointed out, we've seen that dividend payout ratio now come lower down our overall range. And so, that factor coupled with our strong earnings per share growth expectations of 6% to 8% really positions us well for future dividend growth. Now, I can't ultimately predict that, but the point is that we try to execute our strategy and position ourselves for a solid dividend growth and perhaps even a greater dividend growth in the future. And so you saw our board of directors just increased it to 4% just recently. I think that's evidence of their belief on our overall strategic plan and their confidence in it. And so, we'll continue to visit that going forward, but that does just give us an opportunity certainly when you look at those metrics to continue to grow that dividend.
Unknown Speaker: Okay. Thank you very much.
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: Hello, Paul. How are you?
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Thank you (44:25). All right. I'm managing. A busy day today. So, in terms of Illinois, legislatively speaking, do you expect anything to happen in this abbreviated session here? Would you switch to clean energy or the formula rate stuff that you put forward and what have you? I mean, do you see anything legislatively significantly happening?
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: Yeah.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: (44:52)?
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: Yeah. So, Paul, this is Warner. So, yeah, and I said in the talking points, we do not expect comprehensive energy legislation to be addressed in the veto session which is coming up. They obviously have two sessions scheduled in November and December for certain days. So, we do not see that at this point. Of course, we can't certainly predict that. But as we sit here now, we do not see comprehensive legislation on really any of those fronts being addressed in the veto session at this time.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then just to clarify, it looks to me that you're – although you're lowering the top end of the guidance for this year, your growth rate is still off of the midpoint of your original guidance of 2020, correct?
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: Yeah.
Michael L. Moehn - Ameren Corp.: That's the way to think about it. Absolutely. This is Michael.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Awesome. Thanks, guys.
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: Sure, Paul. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Sophie Karp with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Sangita Jain - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Hi. Good morning.
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: Good morning.
Sangita Jain - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: This is – good morning. This is Sangita for Sophie. Thanks for taking my question.
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: Absolutely.
Sangita Jain - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Just to follow-up on the Illinois legislature question. Can you tell us when they do come back full time and if you have a sense of when they may decide to pick up this piece of legislation?
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: Well, so, we laid out on the talking points the specific dates for the veto session. And...
Sangita Jain - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Yeah.
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: ...and there's a thing called a lame duck session. There's been no specific dates for them to set that. That would be sometime in January. So, whether they have that remains to be seen. That's ultimately up to the Speaker and the President and the Senate. So, no specific dates. But one of the things getting to the second part of your question is when might they take it up. I've learned long ago not to handicap, not just legislative proposals or when legislation ultimately be taken up. I would just say this, that there – stakeholders are absolutely engaged on energy legislation in a lot of various forms including the Downstate Clean Energy Affordability Act, right? That is continuing to be a topic of conversation, as well as comprehensive energy legislation to address items and issues that are being addressed up in the northern part of the state. And, obviously, we're very focused on things that are new in the southern part of the state. So because of that, I do expect energy legislation to be a topic of discussion in the next session, but I certainly can't predict when and what form it'll take at this time. All I can say is that Richard Mark and his team are advocating for the Downstate Clean Energy Affordability Act for all of the right reasons because we believe it will deliver a significant value for our customers, certainly for the state of Illinois. And we believe, too, it'll continue to deliver long-term value for not just customers, but also for shareholders. So, stay tuned.
Sangita Jain - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Oh, thanks for that. And then, if I can follow up with just one more. Can you tell us what the timeline looks like for the Missouri IRP approval since that'll give us some kind of an indication on CapEx (48:11)?
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: Sure. A couple of things around that. I know Marty Lyons is on the line, he can jump into some of the specifics. But there is no set time period with regard to the Integrated Resource Plan. History has shown that it's usually all addressed within sort of one year of the filing. And, I think, last time, it was around nine months when it was all said and done. And so, remember, too, the Commission, when they go through this, they really approve the overall process and what we go through in terms of putting together the Integrated Resource Plan. They don't necessarily go through and approve specific elements or projects contained within that plan. And so, the process has been started. Filings have been made. And then, Marty, I'll let you come on in if there's any other specific details around that. But, again, the Commission doesn't have a set time period, but history has shown it's usually done within 9 to 12 months. Marty, do you have anything to add from that?
Marty Lyons - Ameren Corp.: Warner, that's all accurate. I would say that once we file the IRP, there's opportunities for others, other stakeholders to comment on their perspectives and any deficiencies they see. The Commission at its option can have a hearing to discuss those matters that others bring up and ultimately will provide some perspective on the IRP. But typically, what the Commission does is just identifies whether there were any deficiencies or not. It's not necessarily an approval of the IRP itself or an endorsement of the IRP. So, with all that said, the other thing I would simply mention is in our prepared remarks, we mentioned that we have already issued a request for proposal relating to projects that we would plan to do in accordance with our preferred plan. And we're not precluded from moving forward with negotiating or announcing or filing for certificate of convenience and need with the Commission. There's nothing that precludes us from taking any of those steps before the Commission actually rules on the Integrated Resource Plan in the way that I mentioned.
Sangita Jain - KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc.: Great. Thanks. Thank you so much and that was very helpful.
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Levi with HITE Hedge. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Stuart Levi - HITE Hedge Asset Management LLC: Hey, guys. How are you doing?
Michael L. Moehn - Ameren Corp.: Good morning. How are you (50:56)?
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: Terrific. How are you doing?
Andrew Stuart Levi - HITE Hedge Asset Management LLC: I'm doing well.
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: That's terrific.
Andrew Stuart Levi - HITE Hedge Asset Management LLC: Actually, I think I'm all set. I think Paul already asked my questions. But just to clarify, so the 5% delta from your guidance, we shouldn't carry that into 2021. There's really no effect from that as far as the midpoint or what was going to be your base or anything like that. It's all kind of weather related and kind of one time, I wouldn't say (51:31) one-time stuff, but you don't extend (51:32) stuff that you can – that will come back in 2021.
Michael L. Moehn - Ameren Corp.: You got it, Andy. I think you said 5%, but $0.05, yeah, is – yeah.
Andrew Stuart Levi - HITE Hedge Asset Management LLC: I said $0.05. Yeah.
Michael L. Moehn - Ameren Corp.: Yeah. So, anyway, so...
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: Andy, you made my knees buckle when you said 5% Let's be clear, (51:52), it's $0.05.
Andrew Stuart Levi - HITE Hedge Asset Management LLC: Did I say that? I apologize (51:55).
Michael L. Moehn - Ameren Corp.: No. no. No worries. But you're thinking about the right way in terms of the jump-off point, so.
Andrew Stuart Levi - HITE Hedge Asset Management LLC: Okay. Great. Thank you very much.
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: Sure. Thank you, Andy.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from line of Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: Good morning, Insoo. How are you?
Insoo Kim - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Thank you (52:16). Good. Good morning. Just one question from me. Can you just give us the latest update on the appeals process for the, I think, the judge's ruling last year on the Labadie and Rush Island plants and whether we expect any updates before the end of the year?
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: Sure. Insoo, this is Warner again. We have filed our briefs with the appellate courts, obviously, putting forth what we believe are very strong arguments. And so, really, where things are at today is that we're waiting for the court to schedule oral arguments. And we're still hopeful to have those scheduled by the end of the year. So, that's – it's going through the normal process. Of course, there are no specific timeframe that the court has to act or to take specific action. But – so, we'll wait to hear the schedule, and it's still possible to have them still by the end of the year.
Insoo Kim - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Got it. And if the decision – the appeals process is going against you, then what are procedurally the next steps that you're considering? And given these plants in your IRP, at least, I know you've outlined some of the retirement dates and this could potentially require you to take other actions, like what are some of the thought processes there?
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: So, I think, Insoo – and I'm just making sure it's a little bit garbled here. In terms of – is your specific question, as a result of the court's decision how much time might that change? Is that what your question was in terms of our IRP?
Insoo Kim - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Not necessarily IRP. But if the appeals process doesn't go your way, what are the next steps and just thought processes around given the remaining rate base of the plants, what your thought process around the plants will be?
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: Sure. Look, if – as I said, we strongly believe we have a great case. But having said that, if things go against what we think is the appropriate answer, then we'll do what we always do. We'll step back. We'll take a look at what we believe our next steps are. It depends on the specific actions and things that the court says, of course. And then, we'll take a look and determine what we think, is the – in the best long-term interest of our customers and certainly our shareholders. So, it'd be premature to speculate just exactly where that might head.
Insoo Kim - Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC: Understood. Thank you very much.
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: Thanks, Insoo.
Michael L. Moehn - Ameren Corp.: Take care.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Line of David Paz with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: Good morning, David. How are you?
David Paz - Wolfe Research LLC: Yeah. Good morning, Warner. How are you doing?
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: I'm terrific. Thank you.
David Paz - Wolfe Research LLC: Great. Just one follow-up question maybe. Assuming you were to own the 1.2 gigawatts of renewables under your preferred option in the IRP, and I think those are projected to be online by year-end 2025...
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: Correct.
David Paz - Wolfe Research LLC: ...do you anticipate that to be – have an upward bias on your EPS growth target or will that CapEx – renewables CapEx push out or displace other nonrenewables CapEx in that 2024, 2025 period? Thanks.
Michael L. Moehn - Ameren Corp.: Yeah. Hey, David. This is Michael. Probably won't be a terribly satisfactory answer. But I mean, I think – look, we're probably a bit premature to speculate on that. I mean, it's something that we will be very thoughtful about and we'll take a number of things under consideration when you look at it just in terms of what the overall rate impact is, the timing of it. I mean, hopefully, we'll be able to give us some additional color on that in February as Warner talked about. I mean, we don't want to get ahead of just the regulatory process there. But we'll be very thoughtful about it, but it's probably a bit premature to answer that.
David Paz - Wolfe Research LLC: Okay. Understand. Thank you.
Warner L. Baxter - Ameren Corp.: Thanks, David.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our time allowed for questions. I'll turn the floor back to Mr. Kirk for any final comments.
Andrew Kirk - Ameren Corp.: Yeah. Thank you for participating in this call. A replay of this call will be available for one year on our website. If you have questions, you may call the contacts listed on our earnings release. Financial inquiries should be directed to me, Andrew Kirk. Media should call Brad Brown. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren. We look forward to visiting with you at our EEI meetings next week. Until then, have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2020 Q2  (2020-08-07 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Ameren Corporation’s Second Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Andrew Kirk, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Kirk. You may begin.
Andrew Kirk: Thank you, and good morning. On the call with me today are Warner Baxter, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Michael Moehn, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, as well as other members of the Ameren management team joining remotely. Warner and Michael will discuss our earnings results and guidance, as well as provide a business update. Then we will open the call for questions. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast, and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on the amereninvestors.com homepage that will be referenced by our speakers. As noted on Page 2 of the presentation, comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the forward-looking statements section in the news release we issued yesterday and the forward-looking statements and risk factors sections in our filings with the SEC. Lastly, all per share earnings amounts discussed during today's presentation, including earnings guidance, are presented on a diluted basis unless otherwise noted. Now here's Warner who will start on Page 4 of the presentation.
Warner Baxter: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Before I jump into our presentation, I'll start by saying that I hope you, your families and colleagues are safe and healthy during this challenging time. This morning I will begin our presentation by providing a COVID-19 update and in particular highlight the actions we have taken to support our customers, communities and coworkers. I'll then touch on our second quarter results and 2020 earnings guidance and finish with a discussion of several key elements of our strategy that we continue to execute very well, which will position us to continue delivering strong long-term value for our customers and shareholders. Turning now to Slide 4 and COVID-19. Our strong commitment to the safety of our coworkers, customers and communities remains constant, so to is our strong focus on delivering safe, reliable and affordable electric and natural gas service during this unprecedented time. We recognize that major customers in Missouri and Illinois are depending on us. I can't express enough appreciation to my coworkers who have shown great agility, innovation, determination, and a keen focus on safety and delivering on our mission to power the quality of life. While we are focused on delivering a safe, reliable and affordable service, we also recognize that our mission goes beyond this during this challenging time. We recognize that our customers and communities have significant needs. That is why we are working directly with our customers and special payment plans for the utility bills. We're also working closely with many dedicated community partners, and have contributed approximately $15 million for energy assistance and COVID-19 support to our customers in Missouri and Illinois. And I'm very pleased to tell you that our coworkers and Board of Directors are directly engaged in this effort to our AmerenCares Power of Giving program for COVID-19. Together, these programs are helping our residential, small business and not for profit customers meet their needs. In addition, we are tirelessly working with our customers to help them gain access to a host of federal support programs, including low income Energy Assistance funds. Our customers are at the center of our strategy and we will continue to take steps to help them during this unprecedented time. Throughout this challenging period, I'm also pleased to say that we have been effectively executing our strategy across all of our businesses. The key element of our strategy is to invest in energy infrastructure to benefit our customers, and in so doing provide important jobs to support the local economy, as well as local suppliers at a time when they are needed most. Looking ahead, we recognize that we will need to be managing the impacts of COVID-19 for some time, with safety and delivering on our mission and strategy at the top of our minds. We plan to continue managing our business under our current COVID-19 protocols, which includes having a significant portion of our workforce working remotely for at least the end of this year. We also continue to carefully monitor the impact of COVID-19 on our electric sales, liquidity and supply chain. To-date, these impacts have been manageable and in line with our expectations. At the same time, we remain focused on exercising financial discipline to mitigate the potential impacts of COVID-19, while capitalizing on some key opportunities that we have identified during this crisis, including benefits we are realizing from our digital transformation investments and streamline operating practices. Turning now to Page 5 for an update on second quarter results and 2020 earnings guidance. Yesterday, we announced second quarter 2020 earnings of $0.98 per share compared to $0.72 per share earned in 2019. The summary of the key drivers of the year-over-year increase of $0.26 per share is provided on this page, which Mike will discuss in more detail in a moment. The strong execution of our strategic plan drove strong quarterly earnings results, and enabled us to affirm our 2020 earnings guidance range of $3.40 per share to $3.60 per share. Moving to Page 6, here we reiterate our strategic plan, which as I just mentioned, we've been executing very well throughout the year. We expect our plan to continue delivering significant value for our customers and strong long-term earnings growth for our shareholders. The first pillar of our strategy stresses investing in and operating our utilities in a manner consistent with existing regulatory frameworks. This has driven our multiyear focus on investing in energy infrastructure for the long-term benefit of customers and all of our jurisdictions. As you can see on the right side of this page, during the first half of this year, we invested significant capital in each of our business segments to better serve our customers, most notably Ameren Transmission, where we effectively managed a nearly 25% increase in infrastructure investment compared to the first half of 2019. These investments are delivering value to our customers and community. Our energy grid is becoming more reliable, resilient and secure, and our digital investments are enhancing our customer's experience. Of course, we're not done. Looking ahead, we continue to see the need for robust energy infrastructure investments to meet our customer's energy needs and exceed their expectations of keeping rates affordable. Our electric rates in both Missouri and Illinois continue to be well below the Midwest and national averages. As we discussed in our first quarter earnings call, new electric rates went into effect on April 1st of this year as a result of a constructive settlement in Ameren Missouri's electric rate review. The settlement included a $32 million annual revenue decrease, which marks the second consecutive decrease since 2018. Since Ameren Missouri's last electric rate review in 2017 if customer rates have decreased by 7%, while at the same time, we've continued to make significant investments in energy infrastructure to benefit our customers. As Michael will cover in more detail later, we have also been very busy managing our electric and natural gas regulatory proceedings in Illinois. We expect the final decision in the electric proceedings by December of this year, and a final decision in the gas proceeding by January of next year. Finally, another important element of the first pillar of our strategy has been and remains our relentless focus on continuous improvements and disciplined cost management to keep rates affordable. Moving to the second pillar of our strategy, which includes enhancing regulatory frameworks for the benefit of all stakeholders. As you know, we continue to support the proposed Downstate Clean Energy Affordability Act in Illinois. This important legislation would allow Ameren Illinois to make significant investments in solar energy and battery storage to improve reliability, as well as to make investments in transportation and electrification, in order to benefit customers and the economy across Central and Southern Illinois. In addition, it would help address the pressing energy policy challenges facing the state, including the need for additional renewable sources and better electric vehicle charging infrastructure. This bill will help address these challenges and move the State of Illinois closer to reaching the score of 100% clean energy by 2050. In addition, this legislation would modify the allowed return on equity formula to increase the basis point adder to the average 30-year treasury rate from 580 to 680 and would also extend the electric performance based rate making framework through 2032. Importantly, this legislation builds on Ameren Illinois’ efforts to modernize the energy grid into a transparent and stable regulatory framework that it support a significant investment to modernize the energy grid, while improving reliability and creating approximately 1,400 jobs, all while keeping rates well below the Midwest and national averages. In fact, all in residential rates in 2020 are down 1% compared to 2012, the first year of performance based rates. Simply put, the performance based grid modernization legislation that was passed in 2011 and extended twice by the Illinois legislature under different administrations has been an overwhelming success for Illinois. With all these benefits in mind, we remain focused on working with key stakeholders to get this important legislation passed. Turning now to Page 7, I’ll provide an update on for regulatory matters. In May, the FERC issued an order on the rehearing request related to its November 2019 order addressing two complaint cases that reduced MISO’s base return on equity. The order establish a new base return on equity methodology using three models, the risk premium model, capital asset pricing model and the discounted cash flow model. To revise order sets of base return on equity of 10.02% for transmission projects for the first complaint case period and effective as of September 28, 2016. This results in return on equity of 10.52% for Ameren Transmission, including the 50 basis point adder being a part of MISO. The FERC also dismissed the second complaint case. We're pleased with the order and believe it is to be constructive as the new three model methodology expands the range of reasonableness used to assess whether current returns on equity are just unreasonable. The FERC also issued a notice of proposed rule making in March. Overall, we believe that the policies outlined in the proposed rule making are constructive. As a result, we along with the other MISO transmission owners, filed comments in June in support of the proposed increase to the RTO adder, reliability and benefit based incentives and the ROE cap. We are unable to predict the ultimate timing or impact of these matters as the FERC is under no timeline to issue decision. Moving now to Page 8 for an update on the third pillar of our strategy, creating and capitalizing on options for investment for the benefit of our customers, shareholders and the environment. Here we provide an update on our $1.2 billion wind generation investment plan to achieve compliance with Missouri's renewable energy standard through the acquisition of 700 megawatts of new wind generation at two sites in Missouri. In short, there's been no significant change to the project schedules from what we discussed on our first quarter call in May. Construction is well underway at both facilities. We are working closely with the developers for both projects to monitor the timing of manufacturing, shipment and installation of facility components. We continue to expect the 400 megawatt facility to be in service by the end of 2020. Regarding the 300 megawatt facility, we expect it to be substantially in service by the end of 2020. However, as a result of certain delays we discussed on our first quarter earnings call in May, we expect the portion of the project, representing approximately $100 million of investment to be placed in service in the first quarter of 2021. We expect no reduction in production tax credits, because of the recent rule changes made by the U.S. Department of the Treasury to extend the in-service criteria by one year to December 31, 2021. Furthermore, we will continue to explore additional renewable energy investment opportunities that will drive long term value for our customers and shareholders. Right now, Ameren Missouri is in the process of finalizing its next integrated resource plan. For several months, we've been working closely with key stakeholders and developing our plan. We are carefully looking at several approaches to best meet our customers’ future energy needs and effectively transition our generation to a cleaner, more diverse portfolio in a responsible fashion. We'll be finalizing our plan for the next 45 days and plan to file our IRP with the Missouri PSC by September 30th. We are excited about the benefits that our current wind generation project will deliver to all stakeholders, as well as the prospects for additional renewable generation resources to meet our customers’ energy needs in the future. Moving to Page 9. Looking ahead through the end of this decade, we have a robust pipeline of investment opportunities of over $36 billion that will deliver significant value to all of our stakeholders and making our energy grid stronger, smarter and cleaner. These investment opportunities exclude any potential new renewable generation from Missouri integrated resource plan, as well as any potential new multivalue transmission projects that would increase the reliability and resiliency of the energy grid, as well as enable additional renewable generation projects. Of course, our investment opportunities not only create a stronger and cleaner energy grid to meet our customers' needs and exceed their expectations, but they will also create thousands of jobs for local economies. Maintaining constructive energy policies that support robust investment and energy infrastructure will be critical to meeting our country's future energy needs and delivering on our customers' expectations. Moving to Page 10. to sum up our value proposition, the consistent execution of our strategy over many years and on many fronts does position as well for future success. We remain firmly convinced that the execution of this strategy in 2020 and beyond will deliver superior value to our customers, shareholders and the environment. In May, we affirmed our five year growth plan, which included our expectation of 6% to 8% compound annual earnings per share growth for the 2020 through 2024 period using the 2020 EPS guidance range midpoint as the base. This earnings growth is primarily driven by our approximate 9% compound annual rate base growth from 2019 through 2024 and compares very favorably with our regulated utility peers. I am confident in our ability to execute our investment plans and strategies across all four of our business segments as we have an experienced and dedicated team to get it done. Further, our shares continue to offer investors a solid dividend. Our strong earnings growth expectations position us well for future dividend growth. Of course, future dividend decisions will be driven by earnings growth in addition to cash flows and other business conditions. Together, we believe our strong earnings growth outlook, combined with our solid dividend, results in a very attractive total return opportunity for shareholders. Again, thank you all for joining us today. And I'll now turn the call over to Michael. Michael? 
Michael Moehn: Thanks, Warner and good morning, everyone. Turning now to page 12 of our presentation. Yesterday, we reported second quarter 2020 earnings of $0.98 per share compared to earnings of $0.72 per share for the year ago quarter. The key factors by segment that drove the overall $0.26 per share increase are highlighted on the page. Ameren Missouri, our largest segment reported increased earnings of $0.18 per share. The increase in earnings is driven by lower operations and maintenance expenses, including the absence of a scheduled Callaway Energy Center refueling and maintenance outage, as well as disciplined cost management and favorable market returns and company owned life insurance investments, which together increased earnings by $0.15 per share. The year-over-year improvement also reflected new electric service rates effective April 1st, driven in part by increased infrastructure investments. The year-over-year impact from electric sales was flat at the $0.05 per share benefit from near normal temperatures in the second quarter compared to milder than normal temperatures in the previous year were offset by $0.05 per share reduction from lower weather normalized sales, primarily due to the impacts of COVID-19. Moving now to Ameren Transmission, earnings per share were up $0.07. This increase reflected the impact of the FERC order on the MISO base allowed return on equity, which increased earnings $0.04 per share, as well as increased infrastructure investments. Earnings for Ameren Illinois Natural Gas were up $0.03 per share due to increased infrastructure investments and lower operations and maintenance expenses. Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution earnings were down $0.01 per share, reflecting a lower expected allowed return on equity under performance based rate making, partially offset by increased infrastructure investments. And finally, Ameren Parent and other results also decreased $0.01 per share, primarily due to increased interest expense resulting from the long-term debt issuance in early April. Moving now to Page 13 of our presentation, I'd like to briefly touch on key drivers impacting our 2020 earnings guidance. As Warner stated, we continue to expect 2020 diluted earnings to be in the range of $3.40 to $3.60 per share. This guidance range assumes normal weather and the remaining six months of the year, as well as reflect sales updates from our first quarter earnings call in May primarily related to COVID-19. On our call in May, we estimated COVID-19 related sales impact to the Ameren Missouri would reduce our 2020 earnings per share expectations by approximately $0.10 per share, and we believe this will be a solid estimate. For the year, we still expect total weather normalized sales to be down approximately 2.5%. Broken down by customer class, we expect 2020 commercial sales to decline approximately 7.5%, industrial sales decline approximately 4.5% and residential sales to increase approximately 4%. While we've seen a slight change in the relative mix of sales. Overall, our update today is largely consistent with our expectations outlined in our call in May in terms of both total sales and EPS impacts for 2020 due to COVID-19. Before moving on, I would note that Ameren Missouri customer sales for June, excluding the impact of warmer than normal weather, were down approximately 0.2% compared to the prior year, reflecting the impact of COVID-19. Broken down by customer class and compared to the prior year, Ameren Missouri June weather normalized commercial and industrial sales declined approximately 9.5% and 3% respectively, which were largely offset by an increased weather normalized sales to residential customers of approximately 11%. These statistics are notable given they represent the first full month of sales after the stay at home orders were lifted. Before moving on, let me briefly cover electric sales transfer at Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution for the first six months of this year compared to the first six months of last year. Weather normalized kilowatt hour sales to Illinois residential customers increased about 4% and weather normalized kilowatt hour sales to Illinois commercial and industrial customers decreased approximately 7% and 8% respectively. Recall that changes in electric sales in Illinois, no matter the cause, do not affect earnings since we have full revenue decoupling. Moving on to other guidance considerations, select earnings considerations by quarter for the balance of the year are listed on this page. Our 2020 earnings guidance range also incorporates an estimated 2020 allowed ROE for Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution of 7.2%, which reflects a 30-year treasury yield yield of approximately 4%. Finally, we also remain very focused on maintaining disciplined cost management for the remainder of the year. Moving now to Page 14 for the regulatory matters. In April, we made our required annual electric distribution rate update filing. Under Illinois performance based rate making, our utilities are required to file annual updates to systematically adjust cash flows overtime for changes in cost of service and to drip any prior period over or under recoveries of such cost. In late June, the ICC staff recommended a $53 million base rate decrease compared to our request of $45 million base rate decrease. A decision is expected in December with new rates expected to be effective in January 2021. Earlier this year, we also filed with the ICC for an annual increase in Ameren Illinois Natural Gas distribution rates using a 2021 future test year, and has since updated our request in our July rebuttal testimony. In June, the ICC staff and other interveners, including the Citizens Utility Board and Illinois Industrial and Energy Consumers filed a rebuttal testimony in a rate review. Our original request as well as our July rebuttal testimony incorporated a 10.5% return on equity, while staff and other interveners have recommended a 9.32% and 9.2% return on equity respectively. We continue to seek 54% equity ratio compared to the ICC staffs and other interveners’ recommendation of 50.43% and 50% respectively. A decision is expected by January 2021 with new rates expected to be effective in February of 2021. Finally, turning to Page 15 and I will summarize. We have a strong team and are well positioned to continue executing on our plan. We continue to expect to deliver strong earnings growth in 2020 and we’re successfully executing our strategy and navigate the impacts of COVID-19. As we look to the longer term, we continue to expect strong earnings per share growth, driven by robust rate based growth and disciplined cost management. Further, we believe this growth compares very favorably to the growth of our utility peers. And Ameren shares continue to offer investors an attractive dividends. In total, we have an attractive total shareholder return story that compares very favorably to our peers. And now, I'll turn it back over to Warner.
Warner Baxter: Great. Thanks, Michael. While we spend a great deal of time this morning talking about how we're effectively addressing issues associated with COVID-19 and delivering strong results for our customers and shareholders, I think it's important to note that another matter is at top of our minds, that matter is that level of profound racial prejudice, injustice and intolerance that we still have in this country and in our own community, especially against black people. We've recently seen too many sizzle tests of African Americans. And to be clear, there’s absolutely no place for racism, injustice or hatred of any kind at Ameren, in our community, in our country or anywhere in the world. We must challenge such behavior when we witness it and take steps to drive positive changes to eliminate it. And that is exactly what we're doing in Ameren. In Ameren, diversity, equity and inclusion is a core value. While we've been recognized by DiversityInc is one of the top facilities in the country for our diversity, equity and inclusion practices, we are not standing still. In fact, we recently conducted a virtual diversity, equity and inclusion summit in St. Louis. The theme of this summit was the courage to love your values. Ameren leaders, community leaders and national leaders came together to begin listening to each other more thoughtfully and to begin taking even more steps to address this critical issue. We have made the entire program available on our Web site. I encourage you to take time and listen to the amazing stories of courage and passion for diversity, equity and inclusion. We're now ready to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question answer session [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Jeremy Tonet: Just want to start off with the IRP here and just want to see how the outreach is progressing and any early thoughts that you can share with us at this point or feedback with the filing coming soon here?
Warner Baxter: Well, as you know noticed, this is an extensive process with stakeholders has been going on for several months. Marty Lyons and his team have been did just a terrific job of just outlining some of our perspectives and getting insights which is really important. So I would say, as you know, we're getting to the tail end of that process. And it would be really inappropriate to say just exactly what the feedback is then because we're putting together all that and we'll ultimately issue our integrated resource plan here at the end of September. But I can tell you the conversations have been constructive, the insight is great and we look forward to submitting that that integrated resource plan. And as you heard in my talking points, we've looked at a lot of things in this integrated resource plan. We certainly look at the technology, which is out there and we’ve certainly seen renewable energy technology and their related costs continue to come down. Take a careful look at our coal-fired energy centers and the useful lives of those plants and we really think about what's really going to deliver value to our customers in the State of Missouri. And so we look forward to submitting that plan at the end of September.
Jeremy Tonet: Just pivoting to the O&M savings side, with what you guys realize so far year to date this quarter. What portion do you think you might be able to retain on an ongoing basis? And do you have any kind of updated thoughts on cost savings into 2021 at this point?
Warner Baxter: Maybe Michael, I want you to hit a little bit on the quarter and then I can maybe address some of the ongoing. So, I'll let you take the first shot at it…
Michael Moehn: Jeremy, we said on that first quarter call and I think even if you think back to sort of the beginning of the year, we said that O&M was going to be up. We didn't say how much for the overall year and then we came forward to the first quarter call and we said O&M was going to be down. And you can see that obviously, we are doing a good job of managing, the teams working hard on managing cost down where we can, being very careful about headcount. Obviously, where we have opportunities on because of reduced load, there's reduced maintenance costs. Obviously, from a travel, entertainment perspective, being very thoughtful there. And so, I think the team has done a nice job continuing to help offset some of these things going into 2020. In terms of sort of what we retain and what is reoccurring. I mean, Warner can certainly touch on 2021. But I mean at the moment, we're just going to continue to watch this closely, it's helping us offset some of these sales headwinds that we have. And it's across the board. I know we focus a lot on the Missouri side, because that's where it hits the bottom line, but it is across Illinois distribution, Illinois natural gas as well.
Warner Baxter: Yes, well said, Michael. Jeremy, the reality is that, obviously, we're very focused on 2020. But we're looking ahead too. We do see several of these savings that we're realizing today that we can really carry over into next year. Things like, what was different perspective on how we think about travel, what was a different perspective in terms of the consultants that we have to bring in to work with us and how they can work remotely. And our digital investments have really been a step change, not just for our current workforce but how we engage and work with others. You think about real estate too and facilities costs. We've had to explore because of our digital team and the investments that we're making, and we're exploring other facilities to lease in the future, because we're simply outgrowing what we currently have. We see opportunities there and that's just not going to be necessary prospectively, because reality is we can work very effectively remotely. And so now that coupled with some really, I said in my talking points, how the team has really done some innovative things and been agile out in the field in terms of our work practices. Not only are they safer than they are. I mean, they're going to give us the ability to work more effectively and productively. And that coupled with our digital investments, I think these are the types of things that we are already going to put in our playbook, not just for this year but for many years ahead. So stay tuned. More to come when we talk more about the future in our O&M.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: If I can follow up on the last question here on the IRT and I understand that with this thing fairly imminent, you can't comment too much. But can you give us a little bit of perspective on how that might eventually flow into your formal CapEx projections, especially to the extent to which we're talking about incremental renewables and how [Multiple Speakers] your future recovery?
Warner Baxter: Julien, it would be just premature to really say how that would play out. I mean, number one, we have to roll out the IRP plan. We'll talk about what additional investment opportunities might be there, of course, associated with renewable energy. And then we'll take a look at that in terms of our five year plans and to what extent that has an impact. So as opposed to doing a piecemeal we’ll be better served for everybody when we roll out the plan to be able to really talk about it in a comprehensive fashion. And so we'll be in a good position to do that certainly during our third quarter conference call. And as we move into EEI, that will be a great topic of conversation just as it was in 2017 when we announced our 700 megawatts of wind generation and 100 megawatts of solar. We anticipate having a very comprehensive discussion at that time as well.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And then if I can also follow up on the last question around cost management and to you off of the sustainable cost savings that you talk about, you've identified and you anticipate holding on to. When you think about the pressures created from these lower 30 year treasury. Is it potentially an offset as you think about it? You could take that anywhere you want. but I'm curious on how you would frame the five year view given those longer data pressures here?
Michael Moehn: Just putting in context of not necessarily a number. But absolutely, I mean O&M customer affordability has always been a lever that we've used. I mean, it's not something that’s sort of we've discovered here during 2020 as a result of this pandemic. But obviously, there's been more accelerated focus on it. But absolutely, I mean, it is something that helps us work through these headwinds that we've had. And as you know that 30-year treasury has been a headwind for a while and we've continued to offset that with it.
Warner Baxter: And Julien as we -- we're mindful of the low 30-year treasuries. And certainly O&M is one of those levers for all the reasons that Michael said. But look we also have levers in terms of robust capital plan as we talked about on the call that we have infrastructure that we can move forward, especially at this lower cost of capital it might make sense for customers and for us to do that. And so we'll look at that and of course, we always take a look at capital allocation and many other levers. So this is how we operate the business in terms of looking not just at one lever but multiple levers to make sure we're delivering on our promises.
Operator: Our next question comes from line of Shahriar Pourreza with Guggenheim. Please proceed with your question.
Shahriar Pourreza: So first, just on the timing of the next rate case in Missouri. Just wondering if you have any updated thoughts here. In the past, you’ve pointed to potentially filing the summer for new rates at the beginning of next year. But obviously, of course, wind has the potential to move into the first quarter of next year. How are you thinking about this now given all the moving pieces and the buyer [Technical Difficulty] Illinois, just wondering why have you been hearing from the legislature in terms of continued interest. Has it still been on the mind of lawmakers, is there having kind of taken a backseat as other pressing issues related to the virus have come to the forefront? And then just [Multiple Speakers] consideration…
Warner Baxter: No, please finish your question…
Shahriar Pourreza: Just wondering if something could get done in the veto session in November, is it more likely to get pushed into next year?
Warner Baxter: Let me try and take that in several pieces, and Rich and Mark and his team have continued to work very hard to have conversations, virtually of course, with the key stakeholders, and not just legislators or stakeholders. So couple things to think about there. In terms of energy policy, I think energy policy broadly in the State of Illinois is still at the top of a lot of folks’ minds and rightfully so, because energy policy is important. That's why as we said as part of our talking points and as well as what you've heard us say before, that’s why we support so strongly the downstate clean energy affordability act, because it really addresses many of the key issues that the State of Illinois is focused on, more renewable energy resources, more investments in electrification, as well as grid modernization. These are things that have been really important for the State of Illinois, and will continue to be. And so we continue to have conversations with key stakeholders around that particular piece of legislation that we still support. Having said that, as you know, there's been a lot of dialog and some concerns raised as a result of the Commonwealth Edison federal investigation, so we understand that. And so consequently, as we think ahead what we're going to do is continue to double down on our efforts to work with stakeholders collaboratively, listen to their concerns, but make sure that we point out the value of the current regulatory framework and our proposal. And at the end of the day, our focus is going to continue to be to try and find a solution that gives us the ability collectively in the State of Illinois to invest in critical infrastructure, and give us the ability to earn a fair return and deliver values to our customers in the State of Illinois. Now in terms of timing, I’ve learned a long time ago that I don't predict when things will be addressed by any legislature or when things will ultimately get done. And obviously, things are a little bit more complicated as we approach this upcoming veto session. In light of a lot of the activities, my best perspective and Rich and I’ve talked a lot about this, whether something gets done in the veto session around the Downstate Clean Energy Affordability Act, I would tell you it’s, from my perspective, a challenge or as I like to use force analogies, I call it a long pot to get done in the veto session. So that's our best perspective on it in terms of what we think may still happen this year but importantly, where we're going to continue to focus our efforts on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson: Some of my questions before have been answered here. But just to sort of follow-up on the Illinois thing, there does seem to be this lease with a vocal group, sort of this unhappiness with the formula rate plan, which you outlined the benefits of and in fact the low cost of capital associated with it and what have you. And I’m just wondering if you could elaborate a little bit more as to what’s sort of driving that? The same people seem to be sort of interested in the issues you also discussed, which are FX and diversity and economic justice that sort of thing. And so I'm just wondering, is there some room here to sort of address their concerns, or is there something more fundamentally that's happening here that’s just not clear to me with respect to this concern about formulate rate plans? And I realized that you guys are just one part of it, there's this big northern part of the state that has its own issues. I was just wondering if you could talk about that? 
Warner Baxter: I guess, a couple of comments. Yes, clearly, we've seen the governor and other groups come out and say they oppose the existing framework that's out there. And look the thing that we think is important, recognizing that a lot of that may be and so I'm speculating a bit, just simply surrounding the issues with Commonwealth Edison and the investigations and how it was linked to when performance based rate making was put in place many years ago. Our job and Rich and his team, they do a terrific job at this. And we're just going to sit down and just make sure we meet with stakeholders in a collaborative way and just sit there and explain what this framework has really done. And that's really what we should do, it’s been some open and transparent framework that essentially every year the Illinois Commerce Commission takes to look at what we're doing. And you've heard me say and espouse the benefits of this particular framework. And the real winner has been the State of Illinois and our customers. It's been an overwhelming success in so many ways. And so it's just important that we make sure that we level set everybody. At the same time, we're going to be at the table listening to their concerns and if they have legitimate concerns, we'll see what ways we can try to bridge whatever gaps there maybe. And so, that's just how we will continue to do business. And as I said a moment ago, really the key from our perspective is sitting at the table and really to put in place constructive energy policies. They're going to support investment and infrastructure, energy infrastructure in particular, gives us the ability to earn a fair return on those investments but also to deliver significant value to our customers in the State of Illinois and create thousands of jobs. So we think there's opportunities and there will be opportunities to sit down and talk with these stakeholders and make sure we have a good understanding of what's been done and what we think can be done prospectively. And so there's a lot of noise. Look, we recognize and that creates challenges, I get it. But at the same time, just because there's noise does it mean that we're not going to sit down and have a collaborative approach with these key stakeholders.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from line of Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Insoo Kim: My only remaining question is, I guess partially relate to the IRP. But could you just give us the latest on the U.S. district disorder from last fall to install scrubbers on couple of your coal plants, including Rush Island and how are you incorporating or thinking about this when you're developing your IRP process?
Warner Baxter: So Insoo, I want to make sure. Are you talking about the new scores reviews? Is that what you're referring to? Or something different?
Insoo Kim: It is just the, I think a violation of the clean air…
Warner Baxter: Yes, that’s right. And so just a quick update on that one. So as you know, this has been a matter of litigation related to our Rush Island energy center back to 2011. And we've been through the courts. And so at the state of play right now is that we've appealed the decision to the court of appeals and made it all the appropriate briefings and filings with the courts. And my sense is that there is no specific time frame but it'll be this fall before you probably see any kind of activity associated with this. But again, there's no specific time frame but all the briefs have been filed here in the first half in May. And so, I would just say stay tuned. No real developments other than going through the standard process.
Insoo Kim: And I guess in terms of the thought on the generation free transformation and the upcoming IRP. Your assumption will be that you haven't violated the act, so you'll plan accordingly based on that assumption?
Warner Baxter: Yes, rest assured we clearly believe we have not violated the act. And so, yes, that would be a fair statement and assumption that we’ll have going into the integrated resource plan.
Operator: Thank you. We have no further questions at this time. Mr. Kirk, I would now like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments.
Andrew Kirk: Thank you for participating in this call. A replay of this call will be available for one year on our Web site. If you have questions, you may call the contacts listed on earnings release. Financial analyst inquiries should be directed to me, Andrew Kirk. Media should call Erin Davis. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren, and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at the time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2020 Q1  (2020-05-12 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Ameren Corporation First Quarter 2020 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions]. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Andrew Kirk, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you. You may begin.
Andrew Kirk: Thank you, and good morning. On the call with me today are Warner Baxter, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Moehn, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; as well as other members of the Ameren management team joining remotely. Warner and Michael will discuss our earnings results and guidance as well as provide a business update. Then we will open the call for questions. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast, and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on the amereninvestors.com homepage that will be referenced by our speakers. As noted on Page 2 of the presentation, comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the Forward-looking Statements section in the news release we issued today and the Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors sections in our filings with the SEC. Lastly, all per share earnings amounts discussed during today's presentation, including earnings guidance, are presented on a diluted basis, unless otherwise noted. Now here's Warner, who will start on Page 4 of the presentation.
Warner Baxter: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. This morning, I'm going to begin our presentation by providing a COVID-19 update and, in particular, highlighting some of the key efforts we are taking for the safety and security of our coworkers and customers during this difficult time, while providing the central electric and natural gas service. I will then touch on our first quarter results and 2020 earnings guidance. Finally, I will discuss our long-term growth prospects while highlighting some important strategic matters that will position Ameren for future success. Before I jump into the details, I hope that you, your families and colleagues are safe and healthy during this unprecedented time. As our world works to address COVID-19, many things are uncertain. But the Ameren's commitment to safety of our coworkers, our customers and our communities remains constant. At Ameren, we never compromise on safety, it is one of our core values. I want to express my profound appreciation for those who are on the front lines battling this virus. To the health care workers, first responders, grocery store workers, local leaders, community workers and, of course, all utility workers across our nation, thank you. In particular, I want to express my sincere appreciation to my Ameren coworkers, who remain focused every day on delivering safe, reliable power and natural gas to millions of people in Missouri and Illinois. To ensure that we could continue to deliver safe and reliable service, we took swift action in January and assembled a cross-functional crisis management response team following reports about threats related to COVID-19. Since January, our team has been planning and implementing a pandemic response, consistent with established guidelines and industry best practices as well as in consultation with world-class health experts and state and local government leaders. We quickly restricted domestic and international travel and implemented from -- work-from-home policies for anyone that could to limit exposure of our coworkers. Of course, our coworkers are crucial to the execution of our mission and many continue to be out in our communities and in our energy centers every day, keeping the lights on and the natural gas flowing for millions of customers in Missouri and Illinois. Our actions to continue safe operations also included securing and supplying personal protective equipment, separating work crews, adjusting more schedules, performing robust health screenings at home and on-site and of course, practicing social distancing with coworkers and customers. Our transition to our new work practices went very well. Not only were we able to quickly take significant actions to protect the safety of our coworkers and customers, we have been able to continue executing our projects and strategic plan across our entire business. We also recognize this is a difficult time for many of our customers, who are struggling financially due to lost wages and other circumstances related to COVID-19. That's why we currently have voluntarily suspended all electric and gas disconnects for nonpayment and waived all late payment fees for customers unable to pay their energy bill on time. In addition, we have contributed $1 million in energy assistance and nearly $1 million to fund other COVID-19 relief efforts to help families and businesses in our Illinois and Missouri communities, and we're not done helping our customers and our communities. As part of our Ameren Missouri rate review settlement, we are working with Missouri Office of the Public Counsel to provide another $3.5 million in energy assistance funds for Missouri residential customers in need. Our proposal is pending approval from Missouri Public Service Commission. In addition, we live and work in our communities. And we want to go beyond keeping the lights on and natural gas flowing for our millions of customers. As a result, we recently launched an Ameren Cares initiative, whereby our leadership team, Board of Directors and all Ameren coworkers can contribute to COVID-19 relief efforts, including energy assistance for our customers. Operationally, we are exercising financial discipline and taking several actions to mitigate the expected financial impacts of COVID-19 on our business. Those actions include, among other things, stringent hiring restrictions, managing spending on outside of consultants, significantly restricting travel and modifying the scope of our energies and our maintenance outages, in large part, to enhance the safety of our coworkers. In addition, we have taken several actions to strengthen our already solid liquidity position. Those steps included proactively accessing the capital markets earlier this year. Michael will share some of those details with you a bit later. Looking ahead, we are putting the final touches on the first phase of our return to facilities transition plan for our coworkers that are working remotely. Safety will remain at the top of our mind, and this transition will be done in a very measured and thoughtful way. We will also continue to work with state and local leaders as well as with the health care community to support reopening of regional economy in a safe, measured and timely fashion. Stay-at-home orders in Missouri were lifted on May 4. On the St. Louis area, those orders will be lifting on May 18. In Illinois, the stay-at-home motor remains in place through May 30. Of course, we expect restrictions on economic and social activity will continue in all of our communities for some time. Since we are an essential business, these orders should not limit our operations or the execution of our strategic plan beyond the safety measures we have implemented for the protection of our coworkers and customers. I am very proud of our work that our coworkers have done over the last several months. Having said that, we are not letting our guard down. We will continue to be relentlessly focused on safety and delivering on our mission to power the quality of life for our customers and communities and managing through this unprecedented period of time. With that, let's now turn to Page 5 for an update on first quarter results and 2020 earnings guidance. Yesterday, we announced first quarter 2020 earnings of $0.59 per share compared to $0.78 per share earned in 2019. This slide outlines some of the key drivers that impacted earnings in the first quarter. While we had some items that drove earnings down compared to last year, I am pleased to tell you that we continue to effectively execute all elements of our strategic plan. In addition, due to the actions we have taken to mitigate the expected financial impacts of COVID-19, which I described earlier, combined with the constructive outcome in our Missouri rate review, which benefited all stakeholders, we remain on track to deliver within our 2020 earnings guidance range or $3.40 per share to $3.60 per share. In affirming our 2020 guidance, we have assessed several economic scenarios and taken into consideration expectations associated with lower Missouri total electric sales, the potential for higher bad debt expenses and lower returns in our Illinois electric distribution business due to lower interest rates, among other things. Michael will discuss our first quarter earnings, 2020 earnings guidance and other related items in more detail later. Turning now to Page 6. Yesterday, we also affirmed our expectation to deliver 6% to 8% compound annual earnings per share growth from 2020 to 2024, driven by robust compound annual rate base growth of approximately 9%. Simply put, we continue to believe our strategy to deliver strong, long-term earnings growth remains intact. This outlook accommodates several factors, including the range of treasury rates, sales growth, spending levels, regulatory developments and impacts of COVID-19. And of course, earnings growth in any individual year will be impacted by the timing of capital expenditures, regulatory rate reviews and sales volumes, including those driven by weather, impacts from COVID-19 and other factors. Moving to Page 7. Here, we reiterate our strategic plan. The first pillar of our strategy stresses investing in and operating our utilities in a manner consistent with existing regulatory frameworks. This has driven our multiyear focus on investing in energy infrastructure for the long-term benefit of customers. As a result, and as you can see on the right side of this page, during the first 3 months of this year, we invested significant capital in each of our business segments, and the pipeline remains robust. In addition, we remain on track to achieve our capital expenditure target for 2020. Regarding regulatory matters, I am pleased to report that in March the Missouri Public Service Commission approved a constructive settlement in Ameren Missouri's electric rate review that included a $32 million annual revenue decrease. It incorporates lower fuel and transportation costs, taxes and regulatory asset amortization expenses, while providing for recovery of significant infrastructure investments as well as an opportunity to earn within the implicit range of 9.4% to 9.8% return on equity on a growing Missouri rate base. This decrease marks the second consecutive decrease since 2018 when customers received a 6% rate cut as a result of the federal corporate income tax reduction and our Smart Energy Plan. In Illinois last month, we made our required annual electric distribution formula rate update filing, requesting a $45 million base rate decrease. If we're approved as requested, all-in 2021 residential electric rates for customers taking delivery and energy supply from Ameren Illinois would be down approximately 1% since formula ratemaking began in 2012. As you can see with these rate decreases, we are clearly focused on keeping our customers cost competitive and affordable through continuous improvement and disciplined cost management, while we make significant investments in energy infrastructure to deliver long-term value. Michael will provide more detail about the electric and natural gas rate reviews in a moment. Turning now to Page 8 and the second pillar of our strategy, enhancing regulatory frameworks and advocating for responsible energy and economic policies, beginning with Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution. The Downstate Clean Energy Affordability Act legislation was filed in February. This important legislation would allow Ameren Illinois to make significant investments in solar energy and battery storage to improve reliability as well as to make investments in transportation electrification in order to benefit customers and the economy across Central and Southern Illinois. In addition, this legislation would modify the allowed return on equity formula to increase the basis point adder to the average 30-year treasury rate from 580 basis points to 680 basis points and would also extend electric formula ratemaking to 2032. The Downstate Clean energy Affordability Act will move the state of Illinois closer to reaching its goal of 100% clean energy by 2050, and builds on Ameren Illinois' efforts to modernize the energy grid under a transparent and stable regulatory framework that has supported significant investment to modernize the energy grid, while improving reliability and creating jobs, all while keeping rates well below the Midwest and national averages. With all these benefits in mind, we are focused on working with key stakeholders to get this important legislation passed. Prior to adjournment of the Illinois General Assembly in mid-March due to COVID-19, the House Bill had advanced to the Public Utilities Committee and a Senate Bill still awaited assignment to the Energy and Public Utilities Committee. In light of the challenges that exist with COVID-19, it's unclear whether these bills will advance in the spring session, which is currently set to end May 31, that's extended by the leadership in the Illinois House and Senate. If not past the spring, these bills could also be addressed in a veto session or potentially other special sessions later this year. Turning to Page 9 for an update on FERC regulatory matters. In terms of the FERC's November 2019 order and its subsequent order to extend time to reconsider hearing requests, I do not have any significant updates. However, the FERC did recently take some constructive actions that could further support investment in transmission. In particular, in March, the FERC issued a Notice of Proposed Rulemaking on electric transmission ROE incentives. In the notice, the FERC proposed several changes to ROE incentives, including an increase in the regional transmission organization, or RTO, participation adder from 50 basis points to 100 basis points. For perspective, every 50 basis point change in our FERC ROE impacts annual earnings per share by approximately $0.04. The notice also proposes incentives on new projects by considering the benefits rather than the risks of a project. We are pleased with the direction the FERC has taken with this notice. It suggests that the FERC understands the importance of incentivizing transmission investment to both upgrade and replace the aging infrastructure and to also enable the transition to more renewable generation across the country. We expect to file comments by the July 1st deadline. Of course, we are unable to predict the ultimate timing or impact of these FERC matters as the FERC is under no time line to issue a decision. Moving now to Page 10 for an update on the third pillar of our strategy, creating and capitalizing on opportunities for investment for the benefit of our customers, shareholders and the environment. Here, we provide an update on our wind generation investment plans to achieve compliance with Missouri's renewable energy standard and continue to transition our generation portfolio. We've received all regulatory approvals to acquire 700 megawatts of new wind generation at 2 sites in Missouri. Construction is well underway and continues at both wind generation facilities. We continue to work closely with the developers for both projects to monitor the timely manufacturing, shipment and installation of facility components, which are coming from various parts of the world. We continue to expect the 400-megawatt facility to be in service by the end of 2020. However, the 300-megawatt facility is facing greater challenges, given that this project was originally scheduled to be completed later in the year. The developer continues to work towards completing the entire project in 2020. However, manufacturing, shipping and other supply chain issues have negatively impacted the schedule on this project. While we have not received formal notice from the developer that any portion of this project will be delayed beyond December 31, 2020, at this time, our discussions with the developer indicate that completion of a portion of the project representing approximately $100 million of investment may go in service in the first quarter of 2021. While we would be disappointed that this entire project is not completed in 2020, it is important to keep some key factors in mind. First, if only this portion of this project is not completed in 2020, we would still be closing on approximately $1.1 billion or 92% of our planned 2020 wind generation investment of $1.2 billion. In addition, for any portion of the project completed in 2021, we have contractual protections to pay a reduced amount to account for the potential loss of production tax credits, subject to an obligation to later pay the original contracted amount should Ameren be entitled to receive those credits.  Finally, late last week, U.S. Department of the Treasury indicated plans to modify the wind production tax credit rules, which is expected to result in a 1-year extension of in-service criteria. The bottom line is, we expect to deliver on the vast majority of our wind generation investment in 2020. We believe these investments will deliver clear, long-term benefits to our customers, the communities we serve and the environment. Finally, consistent with our goal to meet our customers' long-term energy needs in a responsible manner, we will assess additional renewable generation opportunities in the context of our next integrated resource plan, which will be filed in September of this year. This comprehensive stakeholder process is well underway to evaluate our future customer demand as well as generation resources needed over the next 20 years and beyond. We continue to work with key stakeholders in this process and are committed to transitioning Ameren Missouri's generation to a cleaner, more diverse portfolio in a responsible fashion for our customers, our shareholders and the environment. Moving to Page 11. Looking ahead through the end of this decade, we have a robust pipeline of investments of over $36 billion that will deliver significant value to all of our stakeholders by making our energy grid stronger, smarter and cleaner. These investment opportunities exclude any potential new renewable generation from the next Missouri integrated resource plan, which, as I just noted, will be filed in September as well as any potential new multi-value transmission projects. Of course, our investment opportunities will not only create a stronger and cleaner energy grid to meet our customers' needs and exceed their expectations, but they will also create thousands of jobs for local economies. Needless to say, this is very important for our country and the communities we serve at this time. Maintaining constructive energy policies that support robust investment in energy infrastructure will be critical to meeting our customers -- country's future energy needs and delivering on our customers' expectations.  Moving to Page 12. To sum up our value proposition, while the current environment is challenging, we are optimistic about the future. The consistent execution of our strategy over many years and on many fronts has positioned us well for future success. We remain firmly convinced that the execution of this same strategy in 2020 and over the next decade will deliver superior value to our customers, shareholders and the environment. We believe the expectation of a 6% to 8% earnings per share compound annual growth rate from 2020 through 2024 driven by strong rate base growth compares very favorably with our regulated utility peers. I am confident in our ability to execute our investment plans and strategies across all 4 of our business segments as we have an experienced and dedicated team to get it done. Further, our shares continue to offer investors a solid dividend. Our strong earnings growth expectations outlined today position us well for future dividend growth. Of course, future dividend decisions will be driven by earnings growth in addition to cash flows and other business conditions. Together, we believe our strong earnings growth outlook, combined with our solid dividend, results in a very attractive total return opportunity for shareholders.  Before I turn the call over to Michael, I'd like to mention an important report that we recently issued. Just last week, we published the Annual Ameren Sustainability Report. This report outlines how we are effectively managing a wide range of environmental, social and governance matters for the benefit of all stakeholders. I encourage you to read it at amereninvestors.com. Again, thank you all for joining us today. I'll now turn the call over to Michael.
Michael Moehn: Thanks, Warner, and good morning, everyone. Turning now to Page 14 of our presentation. Today, we reported first quarter 2020 earnings of $0.59 per share compared to earnings of $0.78 per share for the year ago quarter. The key factors that drove the overall $0.19 per share decrease are highlighted by segment on this page. Earnings from Missouri, our largest segment, were down $0.20 per share. The results reflected lower electric retail sales, primarily driven by mild winter temperatures in 2020 compared to colder-than-normal temperatures in the year ago period as well as the absence of energy efficiency performance incentives in the first quarter of 2020, which, combined, reduced earnings by $0.11 per share. In addition, earnings were impacted by higher operations and maintenance expenses, which reduced earnings by $0.08 per share. This increase in operation and maintenance expense was primarily driven by changes in the cash surrender value of our company-owned life insurance. Finally, under terms of the Missouri rate review settlement in order, we recognized a onetime charitable contributions in the first quarter, which reduced earnings by $0.02 per share. Earnings for Ameren Illinois natural gas were slightly lower due to higher operation and maintenance expenses, also due to change in the cash surrender value of COLI, mostly offset by increased investments in infrastructure. Ameren Illinois electric distribution earnings were flat, reflecting increased investments in infrastructure, offset by a lower allowed return on equity. Ameren transmission earnings were $0.01 per share higher due to an increased investments in infrastructure, partially offset by a lower allowed return on equity. Finally, Ameren parent and Other results also increased $0.01 per share, driven primarily by the timing of income tax expense, which is not expected to impact full year earnings, offset by reduced tax benefits associated with share-based compensation. Before moving on, let me briefly cover electric sales trends for our Missouri and Ameren Illinois electric distribution for the first 3 months of this year compared to the first 3 months of last year. While we did see an impact on electric margins for Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois electric distribution due to COVID-19, the impact was not material in the first quarter due in part to the timing of the stay-at-home orders in Illinois that began March 21 and the stay-at-home orders in the city -- St. Louis City and St. Louis County that began March 23. In addition, March is a solar month. As a result, we tend to have less earnings exposure to large percentage changes in sales than we would otherwise have in the winter or summer months. Weather-normalized kilowatt hour sales to Missouri residential customers increased 2.5%, excluding the effects of our Missouri Energy Efficiency Plan under MEEIA. Weather-normalized kilowatt hour sales to Missouri commercial and industrial customers decreased 1.5% and 2%, respectively, after excluding the effects of our energy efficiency plan. We exclude MEEIA effects because the plan provides rate recovery to ensure that earnings are not affected by the reduced electric sales resulting from our energy efficiency efforts. Weather-normalized kilowatt hour sales to Illinois residential customers increased about 1% and weather-normalized kilowatt hour sales to Illinois commercial and industrial customers decreased 1.5% and 2%, respectively. Recall that changes in electric sales in Illinois, no matter the cause, do not affect our earnings since we have full revenue decoupling. I'll touch a bit more on sales expectations for the second quarter and the balance of the year in a moment. Turning to Page 15. As you think about the financial uncertainties for the remainder of the year due to COVID-19, this page lays out the regulatory mechanisms available in our business segments to mitigate certain COVID-19 uncertainties, including lower sales revenues, higher bad debt and pension expense. As you can see on this slide, we have constructive regulatory mechanisms to address these uncertainties for business segments that accounted for approximately 50% of our 2019 earnings. We have limited exposure to changes in sales in Illinois as we are fully decoupled in our electric distribution business as well as for residential and small nonresidential natural gas sales.  In addition, any variance in bad debt expense in Illinois are recovered through the electric and gas uncollectible adjustment riders. Also, formula rates in our Ameren transmission business provide for a recovery of any variance in revenues, bad debt expense or pension expense. In Missouri, we currently do not have any -- have a regulatory mechanism to mitigate the financial impacts of changes in sales volume or bad debt expense. For perspective, approximately 50% of our annual Missouri electric margins are residential, 40% are commercial and 10% are industrial. The earnings impact of a 1% change in annual sales in 2020 by class is approximately $0.03 for residential, $0.02 for commercial and $0.005 for industrial. It should be noted that we have seasonal electric rates in Missouri. Because of seasonal rates, approximately 50% of our electric margins are typically realized from June through September, assuming normal weather. We are mining the financial impacts of COVID-19 and have the ability to seek an accounting authority order from the Missouri PSC to track such impacts for recovery in a future rate review. Finally, any variance in pension expense from Missouri is recovered through a pension tracker. With that in mind, turning to Page 16, I'd like to briefly touch on key drivers impacting our 2020 earnings guidance. As Warner stated, we continue to expect 2020 diluted earnings to be in the range of $3.40 to $3.60 per share. This guidance range assumes normal weather in the remaining 9 months of the year as well as reflects several other updates from our February call, primarily related to COVID-19. While it's still very difficult to predict the ultimate impacts of COVID-19 on our business, our team viewed several COVID-19 scenarios incorporated what we believe are prudent and reasonable assumptions into our earnings guidance. Our guidance contemplates the stay-at-home orders currently in effect. As Warner mentioned, the Governor of Missouri lifted the statewide stay-at-home order on May 4, although St. Louis City and County will begin lifting in their orders on May 18. While these restrictions are being lifted in May, our guidance assumes limited business activity during the entire second quarter, which will significantly impact commercial and industrial sales, while favorably impacting residential sales. As the year goes on, we expect to see commercial and industrial sales improve in the third and fourth quarters, but never fully recovering by year-end. We also expect residential sales to taper off as the year goes on, especially in the fall when schools reopen. As a result, our guidance assumes a gradual recovery. As we sit here today, we expect lower sales in Missouri due to COVID-19 to reduce earnings approximately $0.10 per share compared to 2019 weather-normalized sales. For the year, we expect total weather-normalized sales to be down approximately 2.5%. Broken down by class, we expect 2020 commercial sales to decline approximately 7%, industrial to decline approximately 4% and residential to increase approximately 2.5%. Before moving on, I would note that Ameren Missouri customer sales for April, excluding the impact of colder-than-normal weather, were down approximately 7%, reflecting the negative impact from COVID-19 compared to the prior year. Broken down by class and compared to the prior year, preliminary Ameren Missouri April weather-normalized commercial and industrial sales declined approximately 15% and 10%, respectively, which more than offset the margins on increased weather-normalized sales to residential customers of approximately 6%. Similar to March, April and May are mild weather months. As a result, our annual earnings have less exposure to large percentage changes in residential and commercial sales than in those months. Moving on to other guidance considerations. Despite the extensive federal actions being taken to provide COVID-19 relief to individual and businesses across the country as well as the energy assistance funding that Ameren is providing, we understand that some customers will still face challenges in paying their bills, and we incorporated an increase in bad debt expense into our guidance for the balance of the year. Today's guidance also incorporates an estimated 2020 allowed ROE for Ameren Illinois electric distribution of 7.3%, which reflects a 30-year treasury yield of approximately 1.5% as well as an increase in parent interest expense associated with the accelerated $800 million note issuance at Ameren Corp., which I'll touch on more in a moment. On the positive side, we've incorporated the final terms of the Ameren Missouri Electric rate review settlement, which we'll discuss later as well. In addition, as Warner mentioned, we've already taken certain actions, put in place other actions to reduce cost to help mitigate the expected negative financial impacts of COVID-19. Rest assured, we will remain very disciplined in managing our costs for the remainder of the year. Finally, select earnings considerations by quarter for the balance of the year are listed on this page.  Moving now to Page 17 for a discussion of Ameren Missouri regulatory matters. In March, the PSC approved a stipulation and agreement that resolved the Ameren Missouri rate review. As many of you know, the agreement was a black box settlement, and therefore, the final order does not provide certain specific details. Effective April 1, base electric revenues were decreased by $32 million annually or a decrease of approximately 1%, 80% of which we expect to realize this year. Concurrently, net base energy costs, which will be the basis used for prospective changes to the fuel adjustment clause rider, decreased by approximately $115 million annually. In addition, net regulatory asset and liability amortization expenses and the base level of expenses for regulatory tracking mechanisms reduced by approximately $50 million annually. The agreement did not specify an allowed ROE at rate base level or a common equity ratio. However, the PSC determined that an implicit ROE in the range of 9.4% to 9.8% is reasonable. In the absence of a stated ROE, our goal continues to be earn as close to 9.6%, the midpoint of the ROE range as possible. The agreement also called for a continued use of a 9.53% ROE to calculate allowance for funds used during construction. Finally, the approved agreement provided for a continuation of key trackers and riders, including the fuel adjustment clause, where the sharing percentage of 95%-5% was affirmed by the commission in April.  Looking ahead, we will continue to assess the timing of our next Missouri rate review. In making this determination, we will take into account consideration of the constructive rate settlement of this recent rate review; the ongoing impacts of COVID-19 on our customers and our business; our capital expenditures, including the planned wind acquisitions coupled with the flexibility provided by Senate Bill 564 Plan and Service Accounting and other cost of service considerations. Turning to Page 18 for a financing and liquidity update. We feel very good about our liquidity and financial position today, in particular, after taking a number of steps in March and early April to access the capital markets. On March 20, Ameren Missouri issued $465 million of 2.95% first mortgage bond due in 2030. This tied for the lowest rate for a 10-year bond issuance in Ameren Missouri's history, which helps keep customers rates low as proceeds were used to repay short-term debt, including short-term debt incurred to repay a maturity in a $85 million of 5% senior unsecured notes that matured on February 1. Additionally, on April 3, Ameren Corp. issued $800 million of 3.5% senior unsecured notes due in 2031. These proceeds were used for general corporate purposes, including to repay short-term debt and to fund the repayment of Ameren Corp.'s 2.7% senior notes due November 15, which is the only maturity remaining in 2020. We decided to accelerate the holding company debt offering to secure our liquidity position during an uncertain time in the credit markets. We continue to expect to issue long-term debt at Ameren Missouri later this year to fund a portion of the wind generation investments expected to be in-service by the end of 2020. And I would note there are no long-term debt maturities in 2021. In December, we also increased the capacity of our credit facilities by $200 million and extended the maturity dates out to December 2024. Ameren's available liquidity on April 30 was approximately $2.5 billion. This includes the $2.3 billion of combined credit facilities available and approximately $150 million of cash on hand at the end of the month. There are no outstanding credit facility or commercial paper borrowings as of April 30. In addition, we also expect to receive between $540 million and $550 million upon the physical settlement of the August 2019 forward sale agreement on or before March 31, 2021, which is expected to be used to fund a portion of the Ameren Missouri's wind generation investments. Finally, I'm pleased to report that last month, both Moody's and S&P affirmed their credit rating outlooks of stable. Moving now to Page 19 for an update on Ameren Illinois regulatory matters. Last month, we made a required annual electric distribution formula rate update filing requesting a $45 million base rate decrease. Under Illinois formula ratemaking, Ameren Illinois is required to make an annual rate updates to systematically adjust cash flows over time for changes in cost of service and to true-up any prior period over or under recoveries of such costs. If approved, as requested, all-in 2021 residential electric rates for customers taking delivery and energy supply from Ameren Illinois would be down by approximately 1% since formula ratemaking began in 2012. The ICC will review the matter in the months ahead with a decision expected in December of this year and new rates effective in January of next year. This along with our natural gas rate review remain on track. Finally, turning to Page 20, I'll summarize. We have a strong team and are well positioned to continue executing on our plan during these unprecedented times. We continue to expect to deliver strong earnings growth in 2020 as we successfully execute our strategy. As we look to the longer term, we continue to expect strong earnings per share growth driven by robust rate base growth and disciplined cost management. Further, we believe this growth compares very favorably with the growth of our regulated utility peers. And Ameren shares continue to offer investors an attractive dividend. In total, we have an attractive total shareholder return story that compares very favorably to our peers. This concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hope you all are doing well.
Warner Baxter: Hope you are doing well as well. Good to hear your voice.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Likewise. I wanted to follow-up on Missouri. And I mean, this is mostly in context of 1Q, you had a number of, call it, higher expenses. You've listed them out fairly in some detail. How do you think about those cascading through the course of the year and into '21? I imagine much of it like weather and onetime contributions are pretty limited to 1Q '20. But separately from focusing on higher expense, how do you think about the totality of O&M opportunities to offset the details that you provided on the lower 2.5% sales altogether?
Michael Moehn: Perfect. Julien, this is Michael. So I'll take a stab at this and then certainly Warner can add anything as well. But I mean, if I heard you right, you broke up a little bit there, but in terms of the higher costs that we saw in the first quarter, clearly, we're impacted by this company-owned life insurance, which we indicated in there, so that obviously provided a headwind. As you think back in terms of where we were at the beginning of the year, we talked about O&M costs being higher in general. We didn't guide to a specific number, we just said that we were going to be higher. Obviously, you have these headwinds that are occurring in the first quarter. As we think about all these COVID-related issues that we outlined in terms of what's going on with sales and bad debt, we are clearly focused on guiding to a lower O&M number today. And so hopefully, it gives you some context, not giving you the specifics of it. But clearly, we were higher O&M going into the year, got these headwinds. We've taken a number of actions, as Warner said, in terms of just managing headcount, obviously travel, conferences, watching overtime where we can, all those kind of things to make sure that we can keep a firm grasp on this.
Warner Baxter: Yes. I think, Michael, you hit it right. So look, we're guiding down now from O&M expenses from where they were last year. And look, in looking at some of those things, Julien, clearly, we're mindful of several things. Of course, we're mindful of the expected impacts of COVID-19, which Michael did a nice job of outlining before. But of course, we're also mindful that we need to make sure we're delivering safe and reliable service to our customers. But clearly, we never lose our focus to earn as close to allowed return as possible. So when we think about all those things and providing that guidance, that's how we think about the O&M actions that we've taken.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Okay. But no specific pinpoint number here for the total -- totality of the year. And then a follow-up...
Warner Baxter: Yes, not at this point. I think we're going to continue to monitor it. And as you can appreciate here, we're here in the first quarter. And so we'll continue to monitor operations for the rest of the year, so yes. But that gives you, I think, a good sense of the direction that we're headed.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Absolutely. And then related to this, if I can, what about the Missouri's rate case strategy? I know you put a bullet in your slides about that, but can you elaborate on your thinking today? And again, also being cognizant that, yes, we're still in the first quarter here in terms of results, but how are you at least conceptually thinking about approaching it?
Warner Baxter: Yes. So Julien, just a couple of thoughts there. And then Marty, who's joining us remotely, all of our leaders, just so you know, our presidents are joining us remotely today as we continue to make sure we do the proper social distancing. So look, I think, at the end of the day, really no decision has been made at this time. But clearly, when you think about your next rate case filing, there are several things you have to think about. And certainly, the wind projects, right, which we've talked about on the call, but we also have to be mindful of the implications and impacts of COVID-19. And so those coupled with the fact that we just completed our last rate review, and those are some of the things that you would put on the list in terms of making a final determination there. And Marty, I know that you're on, anything that you would add to some of the things that you and your team are kicking around?
Martin Lyons: Well, Warren, you hit on a couple of the key ones. I think, Julien, when you look back at our last rate review filing, it was really to set up the timing for this next one, given the wind projects that we have going into service later this year, so those projects will still be top of mind in terms of getting those completed and making sure we think about how to time a rate case around those. Of course, Senate Bill 564, the Plan and Service Accounting, has really provided us some better flexibility on capital expenditures and the ability to be able to defer depreciation, return and get full recovery, so that's a consideration. But as Warner said, we feel good about the constructive rate settlement that we just had in this past rate review. I think that puts us in a good position to really think about the timing going forward. COVID-19, obviously, having impacts on our customers and our business, as Warner mentioned. And so all of those will be considerations as well as other cost of service considerations that will go into it. So I think all of that considered just means that we'll be thinking about really the best timing for this next rate review.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Jeremy Tonet with JPMorgan.
Rich Sunderland: It's Rich Sunderland, on for Jeremy. So just starting off with the wind project, appreciate the update there. Could you speak to any regulatory obligations with regards to the in-service dates? And maybe just a little bit more color with the line of sight to the potential end of year versus a slight push into Q1 for the 300 megawatts?
Warner Baxter: Yes. So this is Warner. So in terms of regulatory obligations, really none by the end of this year. Of course, we're very focused on getting those done in a timely fashion, as we outlined during the call. But if some of the projects -- and we talked about, at this time, we think there's a possibility for $100 million of that second project to get pushed into 2021. That doesn't cause any particular regulatory challenges for us. So that's how I see that.
Michael Moehn: Yes. I mean, you got the renewable standard here in the state of Missouri. You got 15% by 2021, but we'll be in compliance with that. That's what Warner is saying that no issues with that.
Rich Sunderland: Great. And then on bad debt expense, could you speak to a little bit about trends from maybe '08, '09 and what you're baking into guidance for 2020?
Warner Baxter: Yes, Michael, why don't you take that one, please?
Michael Moehn: Yes, you bet. So look, we're looking and mindful of everything that's happening to the customers. They're looking at in terms of LIHEAP is providing, obviously, an unprecedented amount of dollars here. I think Warren mentioned as well that we have dollars that are being allocated, obviously, to energy assistance as well. But as we step back and look at and going back to '08, '09, you're right, I think that's a great place for us to spend some time. I mean, we've done a nice job of driving down bad debt expense over time. We're probably at about $8 million today in bad debt expense. If you think about '08, '09 time frame, you're probably closer to $14 million, $15 million. So that's probably a good proxy to think about in terms of a couple of cents, about $6 million in terms of headwind potentially associated with bad debt expense.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock.
Paul Patterson: Just on your comments, you mentioned that the long-term growth had certain expectations with respect to the 30-year treasury. And I know you guys have legislation pending in Illinois, which you mentioned and went over. But how should we think about what the long-term growth rate is if we do have this 30-year treasury where it is at? And also just your rate base growth seems to be unchanged and what have you. How should we think about what your expectation is, absent any legislation changing what the treasury -- the 30-year treasury would be?
Warner Baxter: So Michael, why don't you address sort of the overall 30-year treasury, and then maybe I can jump in and talk about the potential allocation of capital and -- okay?
Michael Moehn: Got it. I appreciate the question. I think as you think about the long-term guidance, and if you think about the 350 as the midpoint for 2020 and you take the 6% to 8% off of that, Paul, I mean, you get to about a $0.35 range out there in 2024, so a decent size range. And I think that range accommodates a number of things, which I think Warner maybe even referred to earlier. I mean, it refers potential treasury outcomes, certainly rate case outcomes, the timing of CapEx, other things. I mean, there are a number of levers that can be pulled over time. I would remind you a couple of, I think, key data points just to keep in mind. I mean, for every 50 basis points move in that distribution business, it's worth about -- it's an impact of about $0.035. And the other thing to keep in mind, too, is, I mean, as you think about how we're allocating capital today and where rate base growth is going over time, I mean, you get out to 2024, that Illinois distribution business is only about 18% of the overall rate base. So those are things just to keep in the back of your mind as you think about different impacts associated with that $0.35 range. I don't know if Warner...
Warner Baxter: I think that's a good point. So maybe I'll add then a little bit more color because you had a specific question around how we might think about our investments in Illinois. So look, we're mindful of the fact that our return on equity in Illinois is below industry averages. And I mean, that's why we're supporting legislation that's going to add 100 basis points to the current 580 basis points to the 30-year treasury. And so at the same time, too, we recognized that we're currently in an, frankly, unprecedented period in our country's history that's obviously driving historically low interest rates. And so what I would say is that, look, we're not going to have a knee-jerk reaction to our investment strategy because the investments that we've been making in Illinois have been delivering value to both our customers and shareholders. But look, we're also going to continue to monitor the situation. And at the same time, Rich and his team, they're going to be relentless and trying to make sure we pass what we think is really good legislation for our customers, the state of Illinois and certainly for our shareholders. And in so doing, we're going to continue to advocate for fair returns on those infrastructure investments. And then so doing, too, we think if we continue to make them, they're going to deliver a lot of value to our customers. So that's the color, that's in terms of how we think about it right now.
Paul Patterson: Okay. I mean -- and I appreciate the color. I'm just sort of wondering, though, if we don't get legislation and if the rate is so low, would you -- I mean, I would assume that there would probably be some change in how you would allocate capital. I mean, it is a pretty robust rate base growth that you have in those slides and stuff where...
Warner Baxter: Sure. Like I said before, we're going to be mindful of our returns in our businesses. We always are mindful about how we allocate capital. We obviously are very thoughtful and strategic and so doing. But at the same time, as I sit here today, we're not going to be making any predictions or knee-jerk reactions.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Fair enough. And these are some technically...
Warner Baxter: Thanks, Paul. Please -- if you have another comment, please.
Paul Patterson: Okay. I'm sorry. Just on the COLI, you broke it out for Missouri. And I just was sort of -- just trying to understand why the Illinois distribution isn't affected apparently by it? And could you just give us a little bit more color about how that COLI is distributed and -- I mean, not anything huge, if it's very complicated, don't bother your time, but just want to get more on that.
Michael Moehn: No worries. Good question. Certainly, it's not complicated. I mean, it really -- Illinois -- it doesn't impact the Illinois distribution business because of the formula rate nature of it. So where you do have a little bit of impact is on the Illinois natural gas side. And so really focused in on the primary piece of Missouri because that's where the biggest impact is just because of the nature of that regulatory regime.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of James Thalacker with BMO Capital Markets.
James Thalacker: Just following up real quickly on Paul's question. As you kind of look out at the reaffirmation of the 6% to 8% in the past, I know you guys have used kind of the forward curve for treasuries. Is that kind of what we should assume as embedded in the growth rate from here?
Michael Moehn: Yes. No, Paul -- no, Jim. Historically, I think we maybe did guide to that several years ago. I think we kind of moved away from that a bit ago. And so again, just we have various internal assumptions in there. And again, as Warner stated, when we have a lot of different levers that we can pull, I know there's some sensitivity about just given, obviously, where that 30-year treasury sits today. But again, it's a $0.35 range, talked about the size of that overall distribution out there in 2024. I talked about the sensitivity to those rates. And so I think there are things that we continue to do to manage around that.
Warner Baxter: Yes. I think, too, Michael, just to add. I mean, so don't lose sight of the slide that we show up there about the robust pipeline of investment that we have across all of our enterprises that goes not just beyond this first 5 years, but the $36 billion in total over 10 years. So that's certainly a lever that we have. And of course, all along, we're mindful of customer affordability and those types of things. So look, we don't -- we never say anything is a lay up, right? But at the same time, we're going to be very thoughtful in terms of how we manage the business that drives value for our customers and value for our shareholders.
James Thalacker: Got it. Okay. And I guess, just as a real quick follow-up. As you look at the range, I know that you affirmed it today, but are you guys comfortable at this point in kind of talking about with your cost containment, and what you see for your sort of sales progression through the year through the various scenarios of kind of where you see yourself within that range? Would it be sort of at the midpoint, upper half, sort of lower half? Like how are you thinking about that?
Warner Baxter: Yes, Jim. So this is Warner again. So I assume you're talking about our 2020 EPS guidance. And so look, consistent with our past practice, we just don't disclose where we're at within our guidance range, frankly, at any given time. And so the only thing I would say is that this team is focused and has a strong record of not just being focused but delivering within our guidance, and that's where we're going to continue to be focused in 2020.
James Thalacker: Hope everyone is safe and well.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that concludes our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the floor back to Mr. Kirk for any final comments.
Andrew Kirk: Thank you for participating in this call. A replay of this call will be available for 1 year on our website. If you have questions, you can -- may call the contacts listed on our earnings release. Financial analysts' inquiries should be directed to me, Andrew Kirk. Media should call Erin Davis. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q4  (2020-02-26 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, welcome to Ameren Corporation’s Fourth Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] Please note this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Andrew Kirk, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Kirk. You may begin.
Andrew Kirk: Thank you, and good morning. On the call with me today are Warner Baxter, our Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and Michael Moehn, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; as well as other members of the Ameren management team. Warner and Michael will discuss our earnings results and guidance, as well as provide a business update. Then we will open the call for questions. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today’s live broadcast, and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on the amereninvestors.com homepage, that will be referenced by our speakers. As noted on Page 2 of the presentation, comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the forward-looking statements section in the news release we issued today, and the forward-looking statements and Risk Factors sections in our filings with the SEC. Lastly, all per-share earnings amounts discussed during today’s presentation, including earnings guidance, are presented on a diluted basis, unless otherwise noted. Now, here’s Warner, who’ll start on Page 4 of the presentation.
Warner Baxter: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. This morning, I'm going to kick off our presentation by summarizing our team strong 2019 financial and operating performance, as well as highlight some of our key accomplishments, that will position Ameren for success in the future. Importantly, I will then look ahead and discuss how we plan to continue delivering superior long-term value in 2020 and beyond to our customers, communities and shareholders. I'll then turn it over to Michael to discuss key drivers of our 2019 earnings results, and 2020 earnings guidance, as well as some key regulatory matters. And as always, we will turn it over to you for Q&A after our remarks. Before I jump into the details of our accomplishments and strategic areas of focus, I want to reiterate that strategy that has been delivering significant long-term value to all of our stakeholders. Specifically, our strategy is to invest in a robust pipeline of regulated energy infrastructure, continuously improving operating performance, and advocate for responsible energy policies to deliver superior value to our customers and shareholders. As always, our customers continue to be at the center of our strategy. As a result, we're focused on meeting our customers energy needs and exceeding their expectations, and in so doing, delivering on our shareholders' expectations for sustainable and strong long-term earnings per share and dividend growth. Our customers' expectations include providing them with safe, reliable and affordable service. They want new tools, products and services to enhance their interactions with us and to better manage their energy usage. And our customers also want us to continue to be forward thinking, when it comes to environmental, social and governance matters. I'm pleased to say that our actions and performance in 2019, as well as our strategic areas of focus for the future, are aligned with our customers and shareholders expectations, which brings me to a discussion about 2019 performance. As I said earlier, we delivered strong financial and operational performance in 2019. Earlier today, we announced 2019 earnings of $3.35 per share, compared to core earnings of $3.37 per share, earned in 2018. Excluding the impact from weather, 2019 normalized earnings increased to $3.32 per share, or approximately 9% from 2018 normalized base of $3.05 per share. With our customers and shareholders expectations in mind, we made $2.4 billion of infrastructure investments in 2019, that resulted in a more reliable, resilient, secure and cleaner energy grid, as well as contributed to strong rate base growth, at all of our business segments. Consistent with these objectives, we successfully completed several important projects in 2019. I'm sure that you're familiar with some of the more notable projects on this slide, as we've discussed them with you throughout 2019. I also want to congratulate our Callaway Energy Center for receiving an exemplary rating, from the World Association of Nuclear Operators in 2019. It was a great team effort that demonstrates our focus on operational excellence. In 2019, we also achieved constructive outcomes and several regulatory proceedings, that will help drive additional infrastructure investments that will benefit customers and shareholders, while keeping our customer rates affordable. Those constructive regulatory outcomes are outlined on this slide. We're also able to obtain regulatory approvals in 2019, for our planned acquisition of 700 megawatts of wind generation, along with several other innovative programs, such as Charge Ahead and Community Solar, which will drive incremental investments in electric vehicle charging stations, and renewable energy. Further, we continue to deliver robust energy efficiency programs for our customers. All these programs are consistent with our ESG initiatives, to bring cleaner energy and innovative solutions to the grid and our customers. The bottom line is that we successfully executed our strategy in 2019, which will drive significant long-term value for all of our stakeholders. Turning to Page 5, as you can see on this page, our laser focus on executing this strategy for the last several years has delivered strong results. From our customer standpoint, our investments in infrastructure have improved reliability, while at the same time, our disciplined management of costs have kept our electric rates among the lowest in the country. Not surprisingly, these factors have also driven higher customer satisfaction scores. We've also delivered superior value to our shareholders, as you can see on Slide 6. Weather normalized core earnings per share has risen 60%. We're at approximately 8% compound annual growth rate since 2013, while our dividend has increased 20% over the same time period. This has resulted in a significant reduction in our weather normalized dividend payout ratio from over 77% in 2013 to 58% in 2019, near the bottom of our 55% to 70%, targeted dividend payout range, position us well, for continued strong infrastructure investment and rate base growth, as well as future dividend growth. I want to express my appreciation to all of our coworkers, who have been relentlessly focused on executing our strategy over the last several years. Their actions are clearly consistent with our mission to power the quality of life. While, I'm very pleased with our performance over the last several years, we're not sitting back and taking a deep breath. We will remain focused on accelerating and enhancing our performance in 2020, and in the years ahead. Which brings me to Slide 7, earlier this morning, we also announced that we expect our 2020 earnings to be in a range of $3.40 to $3.60 per share. Mike will provide you with more details on our 2020 guidance a bit later. Building on our robust earnings growth over the past several years, I'm pleased to say, we continue to expect to deliver long-term earnings growth that is among the best in the industry. Today, we affirm our expected 6% to 8% compound annual earnings per share growth rate from 2018 to 2023, issued last February. In addition, we expect to deliver 6% to 8% compound annual earnings per share growth from 2020 through 2024. Using the midpoint of our 2020 guidance, $3.50 per share as the base, our long-term earnings growth will be driven by continued execution of our strategy, including investing in infrastructure for the benefit of our customers, while keeping rates affordable. This outlook accommodates several factors, including the range of Treasury rates, sales growth, spending levels and regulatory developments. And of course, earnings growth in any individual year will be impacted by the timing of capital expenditures, regulatory rate reviews and weather, among other factors. Turning to Page 8, the first pillar of our strategy stresses investing in and operating our utilities in a manner consistent with existing regulatory frameworks. The strong earnings growth that I just discussed, is primarily driven by our rate base growth outlook. Today, we are rolling forward our five year investment plan. And as you can see, we expect to grow our rate base in an approximately 9% compound annual rate for the 2019 to 2024 period. This growth is driven by a robust capital plan of $16 billion over the next five years, that will deliver significant value to our customers and the communities we serve. Our plan also includes strategically allocating significant capital to all four of our business segments. Finally, we remain relentlessly focused on disciplined cost management, to earn as close to our allowed returns as possible in all of our businesses. Moving out of Page 9, this morning, Ameren Missouri filed its updated Smart Energy Plan with the Missouri Public Service Commission, which includes a status update for 2019, and a capital investment plan for 2020 to 2024. Ameren Missouri is making significant investments to modernize the energy grid, and enhance how customers receive and consume energy. In 2019, Ameren Missouri invested $1 billion under the plan of more than 900 projects that are already delivering value to our customers. Some examples of the important projects undertaken in 2019 are shown on this slide. Our work in 2019 was just the beginning and the pipeline for investment remains robust. The $7.6 billion updated Smart Energy Plan filing today, includes investments focused on improvements and upgrades, modernizing energy grid, as well as our approximately $1.2 billion wind generation investment. In 2020, we will also begin the deployment of 1 million Smart meters over the next five years, which will provide more visibility and choices for our customers to control their energy usage. We look forward to working with the Missouri PSC and other key stakeholders, as we implement the second year of the Smart Energy Plan and continue to provide benefits to customers, while we transform the energy grid of today to build a brighter energy future for generations to come, as well as create significant jobs. Moving to Page 10, for an update on Ameren Missouri's pending electric rate review, I'm pleased report that as a result of extensive collaboration, all the major parties participating in this rate review, Ameren Missouri, the staff of the Missouri PSC. the Office of Public Council, industrial consumer groups and others, recently reached an agreement in principle on nearly all the issues in this case. As a result, we expect non-unanimous stipulation and agreement to be filed with the Missouri PSC this week, with requests that the agreement be approved by the commission. At this point, the terms of the agreement in principle are confidential. This page outlines the remaining open items, which will be taken to hearings in early March. Specifically, we will defend the current sharing ratio for the fuel adjustment clause, which we've successfully defended since 2009. In addition, we will strongly defend the recovery of all of our affiliate transaction costs, and investments and expenses later to our coal-fired energy centers. We look forward to presenting our views to Missouri PSC. Turning now to Page 11, next, I want to cover the second pillar of our strategy, enhancing regulatory frameworks and advocating for responsible energy and economic policies. Beginning with Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution. Downstate Clean Energy Affordability Act legislation was filed recently. This important legislation would allow Ameren Illinois to make significant investments and lower cost solar energy and battery storage to improve reliability, as well as in transportation electrification, in order to benefit customers and the economy across Central and Southern Illinois. The Downstate Clean Energy Affordability Act, would also extend electric formula rate making through 2032, and builds on Ameren Illinois efforts to modernize the energy grid under a transparent and stable regulatory framework, that has supported significant investment to modernize the energy grid, while improving reliability and creating approximately 1400 jobs, all while keeping rates well below the Midwest and national averages. In addition, this legislation would modify the allowed return on equity formula to increase the basis point adder to the average 30 year treasury rate, from 580 to 680, and set an ROE cap at no more than 50 basis points above the national average for electric utility ROEs. This bill will move the State of Illinois closer to reaching its goal of 100% clean energy by 2050 and is a great example, of how Ameren Illinois is supporting our ESG initiatives to bring cleaner energy to our customers. With all these benefits in mind, we are focused on working with key stakeholders to get this important legislation passed this year. Turning to Page 12, earlier this month, the Missouri PSE approved the unanimous stipulation and agreement that allows the expenses for Callaway Energy Center, refueling and maintenance outages to deferred and amortized over approximately 18 months, beginning with our fall of 2020 outage. This change will allow the timing of expense recognition associated with these outages, to more closely align with the timing of related revenue recognition, starting with our fall outage this year. Moving on the FERC regulatory matters, Ameren, along with other MISO transmission owners, EEI and many other parties, requested a rehearing of FERCs November, 2019 order related to the MISO ROE complaint cases. From an overall policy perspective, we believe first order is inconsistent with this longstanding policy to incentivize transmission investment, particularly at a time when meaningful investments are needed for reliability, and to enable the nation to continue to transition to cleaner and more diverse generation sources. Strong arguments were presented by several parties, and we're pleased that the FERC issued an order extending the time to consider the rehearing requests. We look forward to addressing this important matter with the FERC in the months ahead. It should be noted that FERC has no set timeline to address this matter, and of course, we can't predict the timing and ultimate outcome of these proceedings. Moving onto Page 13, for an update on our wind generation investment plans, to achieve compliance with Missouri's renewable energy standard and continue to transition our generation portfolio to benefit our customers, the communities we serve, and the environment. As I discussed earlier, we've received regulatory approvals from the Missouri PSC in 2019, to acquire 700 megawatts of new wind generation at two sites in Missouri. We expect our investment in these projects to be approximately $1.2 billion, which is included in the five year capital expenditure and rate base growth plans, we laid out today. Both facilities will be significant additions to our renewable energy portfolio, and importantly, will help us continue our transition to a cleaner and more diverse generation portfolio, in a responsible fashion. Construction is well underway at both sites. Of course, we continue to work closely with the developers for both projects to monitor the time of the manufacturing and shipment of certain facility components coming from China, due to the potential for issues associated with the coronavirus. At this time, both projects remain on schedule, to be in service by the end of 2020, and we expect to see meaningful contributions to earnings in 2021, from these investments. I'd now like to provide an update on the Renewable Choice Program. As you may recall, the Renewable Choice Program enables Ameren Missouri to provide certain commercial, industrial and municipal customers with up to 400 megawatts of wind generation to meet their energy needs. Under this program, we can own 200 megawatts of this wind generation. Over the last several months, we've been working to meet our customers' top priorities for the program, including prices competitive with existing rates, long-term price predictability, and for renewable power generated in Missouri. Today, we've not been able to put together a project that effectively meets the needs of our customers, who have expressed an interest in this program. Given that our customers are at the center of our strategy, we remain focused on finding solutions to best meet their needs and expectations. For example, we're exploring the possibility of allowing solar projects to qualify under this program, given our success with similar programs for our residential customers. This and certain other modifications to the program could require Missouri PSC approval. The bottom line is that we will continue to relentlessly work with our customers and the Missouri PSC as needed, to design and develop projects to best serve our customers' needs. We will keep you posted on developments associated with this program. Finally, consistent with our goal to meet our customers long-term energy needs, we will assess additional renewable generation opportunities, in the context of our next comprehensive integrated resource plan, which is expected to be filed in September of this year. This comprehensive stakeholder process is well underway to evaluate our future customer demand, as well as the existing and new generation needs over the next 20 years and beyond. We're excited about working with key stakeholders in this process and are committed to transition Ameren Missouri's generation to a cleaner, more diverse portfolio in a responsible fashion for the environment, our customers and our shareholders. Turning now to Page 14, as we look to the future, the successful execution of our five year plan is not only focused on delivering strong results through 2024, but, is also designed to position Ameren for success over the next decade and beyond. We believe that a safe, reliable, resilient and secure energy grid will be increasingly important, and bring even greater value to our customers, our communities and shareholders. With this long-term view in mind, we're making investments that will position Ameren to meet our customers' future energy needs and rising expectations, support increased electrification of the transportation sector and other industrial processes and provide safe and reliable natural gas services. The right side of this page shows that our allocation of capital is expected to grow our energy delivery investments, to nearly 80% of our rate base by the end of 2024. As a result of Ameren Missouri's investment in 700 megawatts of wind, combined with the scheduled retirement with the Meramec Coal-Fired Energy Center in 2022, we expect coal-fired generation to decline to just 8% of rate base by yearend 2024. These steps are consistent with our goals to reduce carbon emissions by at least 80%, low 2005 levels by 2015. These actions are just some more examples of the actions we're taking to address our customers and shareholders focus on ESG matters. Bottom line is that we're taking steps today, across the board, to position Ameren for success in 2020 and beyond. Moving to Page 15, looking ahead to the end of this decade, we will remain focused on delivering superior long-term value to our customers. In addition to our robust $16 billion, five year capital plan in years 2025 to 2029, we foresee a strong pipeline of additional investment opportunities of at least $20 billion that will deliver significant value to all of our stakeholders. These projects will be consistent with the Missouri's Smart Energy Plan, as well as Illinois modernization action plan, both of which were designed to make our energy grid stronger, smarter, and cleaner. We also plan to continue to bolster our nation's transmission infrastructure to enhance reliability, and support greater levels renewable generation on the grid. And speaking of renewable generation, our current plan reflects 700 megawatts of wind generation, and 100 megawatts of solar generation over the next decade. As I noted previously, we will be filing our integrated resource plan in Missouri in September. In that plan, we will be taking a close look at additional renewable generation opportunities that will help us transition to an even cleaner, and more diverse portfolio in a responsible fashion and deliver significant long-term benefits to our customers. Of course, these investments will not only create a stronger and cleaner energy grid to meet our customers' needs and exceed their expectations, but they will also create, thousands of jobs for our local economies. Our ability to make these critical infrastructure investments has been facilitated by constructive state, and federal energy policies across all of our businesses. Maintaining constructive energy policies, with support robust investment, and energy infrastructure will be critical to meeting our customers' future energy needs, and living on our customers’ expectations. Moving to Page 16, to sum up our value proposition, we remain firmly convinced, that the execution of our strategy in 2020 and over the next decade, will deliver superior value to our customers, shareholders and the environment. We believe the expectation of a 6% to 8% earnings per share compound annual growth rate from 2020 to 2024, driven by strong rate based growth, compares very favorably with our regulated utility peers. I'm confident in our ability to execute our investment plans and strategies across all four of our business segments, as we have an experienced and dedicated team to get it done. That coupled with our sustained past execution of our strategy on many fronts has positioned us well for future success. Further, our shares continue to offer investors a solid dividend. In the fourth quarter of last year, Ameren’s Board of Directors' expressed its confidence in our long-term growth plan, by increasing the dividend by approximately 4%, the sixth consecutive year with the dividend increase. Our strong earnings growth expectations outlined today positions us well for future dividend growth. Of course, future dividend decisions will be driven by earnings growth, in addition to cash flows and other business conditions. Together, we believe our strong earnings growth outlook, combined with our solid dividend, results in a very attractive total return opportunity for shareholders. Again, thank you all for joining us today. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Michael. Michael?
Michael Moehn: Thanks Warner, and good morning, everyone. Turning now to Page 18 of our presentation, today, we reported 2019 core earnings of $3.35 per share, compared to core earnings of $3.37 per share in 2018. Ameren Missouri, our largest segment, experienced a decrease of $0.24 per share, from $1.98 per share in 2018, to $1.74 per share in 2019. This decrease was largely due to lower electric retail sales driven by weather, with reduced earnings by approximately $0.26 per share. In 2019, we experienced near normal summer and winter temperatures, compared to warmer summer and colder winter temperatures, in the year ago period. Ameren Missouri's results also reflected this year scheduled refueling outage at our Calloway Energy Center, which reduced earnings by $0.09 per share compared to 2018, when there was no refueling outage. The next Calloway refueling is scheduled for the fall of 2020. Higher property taxes also reduced earnings by $0.05 per share in 2019, when compared to 2018. These items were partially offset by the positive comparative impacts related to MEEIA performance incentives, which contributed $0.08 per share, in addition to lower other operations and maintenance expenses. Turning to other segments, Ameren Transmission earnings were up $0.08, which reflected increased infrastructure investments. Earnings for Ameren Illinois Natural Gas, were up $0.05, which reflected higher rates effective the November 2018, and increased infrastructure investments. In addition, Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution earnings were up $0.02 due to the increased investments, mostly offset by a lower-allowed return equity under formula ratemaking of 8.4% compared to 8.9% for the prior year. The 2019 allowed ROE is based on a 2019 average 30 year Treasury yield of approximately 2.6%, down from the 2018 average of 3.1%. Ameren parent and other results reflected higher tax benefits, primarily associated with share based compensation, and charitable donations returning to more normal levels. Before moving on, let me briefly cover electric sales trends for Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution for 2019, compared to 2018. Weather normalized kilowatt-hour sales to Missouri residential and commercial customers on a combined basis, were up a little over a 0.5%, excluding the effects of the Missouri Energy Efficiency Plan under MEEIA. Sales to low margin Missouri industrial customers decreased about 4%, excluding the effects of our energy efficiency plan. We exclude MEEIA effects because the plan provides rate recovery to ensure that earnings are not affected by reduced electric sales resulting from our energy efficiency efforts. Weather normalized kilowatt-hour sales to Illinois residential and commercial customers on a combined basis, decreased 1.5% and sales to industrial customers decreased 2%. Recall, the changes on electric sales in Illinois, no matter the cause, do not affect earnings since we have full revenue decoupling. Moving to Page 19 of the presentation, here, we provide an overview of our $16 billion of plan capital expenditures for the 2020 through 2024 period, by business segment. That underlines the approximately 9% projected rate based growth that Warner discussed earlier. This plan includes an incremental $2.7 billion compared to the $13.3 billion five year plan for 2019 through 2023, that was laid out last February. Turning to Page 20, we outlined here the expected funding sources for the infrastructure investments noted on the prior page. We expect continued growth and cash from operations as investments are reflected in customer rates. We also expect to generate significant tax deferrals. The tax deferrals are driven primarily by timing difference between financial statement depreciation reflected in customer rates, and accelerated depreciation for tax purposes under makers. I should note, that over the five year time horizon of our plan, we expect to make income tax and payments, totaling $150 million to $200 million over our five year plan. In addition to the benefits of accelerated tax depreciation, as a result of our expected $1.2 billion investment and 700 megawatts of wind generation, we expect to begin generating production tax credits over this period. From a financing perspective, we expect to continue to issue long-term debt in Ameren parent, Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois, to refinance the maturing obligations and to fund a portion of our cash requirements. We also plan to continue to use newly issued shares from our dividend reinvestment employee benefit plans over the five year guidance period. We expect us to provide equity funding of approximately $100 million annually. Our plan also includes the settlement of the forward equity contract in 2020, to generate between $540 million and $550 million to fund in part in Missouri's wind generation investment, by the end of the year. In order for us to maintain a strong balance sheet while we fund our robust infrastructure plan, we expect incremental equity issuances of approximately $150 million a year, starting in 2021. All these actions are expected to enable us to maintain a consolidated capitalization target of approximately 45% equity. Moving to Page 21 of our presentation, I would now like to discuss key drivers impacting our 2020, earnings guidance. As Warner stated, we expect 2020 diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $3.40 to $3.60 per share. On this page and the next, we have listed key earnings drivers of and assumptions behind our 2020 earnings guidance broken down by segment and compared to the 2019 results. Beginning with Ameren Missouri, earnings are expected to rise in 2020. Earnings are expected to be favorably affected by the electric service rates that are expected to be effective as of April, as early as April 1. In addition, we also expect the deferral expenses for the fall 2020 scheduled Callaway refueling and maintenance outage to increase earnings by approximately $0.08 per share compared to the spring 2019 outage. Outage expenses will be differed and amortized over approximately 18 months after completion. Partially offsetting these favorable earnings drivers, we expect lower energy efficiency performance incentives in 2020 of approximately $0.09. Finally, In Ameren Missouri, we expect a 700 megawatt wind generation investment by the end of 2020, to not have a material impact on 2020 earnings. Ameren transmission earnings are expected to benefit from additional investments in Ameren Illinois and ATXI projects made under FERCs formula ratemaking. Our guidance assumes the current 10.38% FERC allowed ROE for the full year of 2020, which includes a 50 basis point adder for the MISO participation, except for the Mark Twain project, which assumes an allowed ROE of 10.88%. Turning to Page 22, for Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution, we anticipate increased earnings in 2020, compared to 2019, from additional infrastructure investments made under Illinois formula ratemaking. Our guidance incorporates a formula based ROE of 8% using a forecasted 2.2%, 2020 average yield for the 30 year treasury bond, which is lower than the allowed ROE of 8.4% in 2019. For Ameren Illinois Natural Gas distribution earnings, we expected benefit from qualified investments that are included in rates, on a timely basis under the state's gas infrastructure rider. Moving now to Ameren live drivers and assumptions, we expect lower tax benefits associated with share based compensation in 2020, compared to 2019. In addition, the increased number of shares outstanding as a result of issuance under our dividend reinvestment employee benefits plans is expected to unfavorably impact earnings, by $0.02 per share. I'd also like to take a moment to discuss our electric sales outlook. We expect weather normalized Missouri kilowatt-hour sales to customers to be up approximately 0.5% compounded annually, over our five year plan, excluding the effects of our MEEIA energy efficiency plan. Again, we exclude MEEIA effects, because the plan provides rate recovery to ensure that earnings are not affected by reduced electric sales, resulting from our energy efficiency efforts. Turning to Illinois, we expect our weather normalized kilowatt-hour sales to customers, including energy efficiency, to be flat to down slightly over our five year plan. Turning to Page 23, in Ameren Illinois regulatory matters, in December the ICC approved an electric distribution rate change consistent with our filing in our annual rate update proceeding, with new rates effective at the beginning of this year. In Ameren Illinois Natural Gas regulatory matters, last week we filed a request for $102 million annual increase in gas distribution rates, using a 2021 future test year with the ICC. This $102 million included an estimated $46 million of annual revenues that would otherwise were recovered in 2021, under Ameren Illinois qualifying infrastructure plant and other riders. The details of this gas rate case filing are noted on this page. And ICC decision is required by January 2021, with new rates expected to be effective in February of 2021. Finally, turning to Page 24, we delivered strong earnings growth in 2019 and we expect to again deliver strong earnings growth in 2020, as we continue to successfully execute our strategy. As we look ahead, we expect strong 6% to 8% compound earnings per share growth from 2020 to 2024, driven by robust rate base growth and disciplined cost management. Further, we believe this growth will compare favorably with the growth of our regulatory utility peers. And Ameren shares continue to offer investors an attractive dividend. In total, we have an attractive total shareholder return story that compares very favorably to our peers. That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith, Bank of America. Please proceed.
Warner Baxter: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Good morning. Congratulations, what an update here. I appreciate it.
Warner Baxter: Thanks, Julien. Thanks. Appreciate it.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Absolutely. So perhaps just to kick it off here, first, I want to turn it back to Illinois and some of the legislative efforts you described here. Can you perhaps at least begin to allude to what the opportunity would be under the downstate element here, specifically, I think you highlighted in the transcript solar, EV and further distribution investments, but I just want to try to put of at least an initial number around what that totality could be. And I presume that's largely not reflected in your outlook, as you just updated. And I got a follow-up as well.
Warner Baxter: Yes. So thanks. Look, a couple of things. Number one, we're excited about this legislation. We think it really has some really important elements in terms of trying to move Illinois to the cleaner energy future that they've been talking about, but also, doing the things that we have been doing for the past eight years, and that's modernizing the grid. So number one, one of the things in terms of trying to put some perspective on it, clearly, the grid modernization efforts, we talk a lot about those and those are, in some respects reflected back in the slide that we showed in terms of our 10 year outlook, some of those dollars are certainly a mirror. But I think, right now, it's premature for us to put a specific number on the solar and energy storage opportunities or electrification. I think clearly, as you've seen us too in Missouri, we see these solar plus battery storage projects and they've been really important to help reliability. Richard and his team in Illinois certainly see those same types of opportunities. And look, at electrification, I think across the country, we're just scratching the surface in terms of what those opportunities can be. So, I'd like to put something around that for you, but I think it's just a little early for us to do that. But clearly, we see this as an important opportunity for the State of Illinois and especially, downstate Illinois.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. And just wanted to clarify a little bit more on your financing plan here. Two further points. When you talk and perhaps emphasize at points throughout the transcript dividend growth. And obviously, you're broadly at the lower end of your contemplated payout ratio. You also increased a little bit the equity funding plan through the outlook. How do you think about dividend growth given the pace of CapEx that you have? Do you think that ultimately, we're still looking at trending towards the lower end of that payout, just through at least the bulk of this high growth period?
Warner Baxter: Yes. Thanks Julien. It's a great question. So look, we've talked a lot about the dividend and no doubt it's an important area of focus for our Board of Directors. I think what we did today, we pointed out the obvious, our execution of our strategy over the last several years has driven our dividend payout ratio down meaningfully, to the lower end or our 55% to 70%. And so as a result, as you look ahead, there's no doubt that we have been allocating a great deal of capital to rate based growth. And as you see in this plan, we continue to do that and we've had a solid dividend. And so, as we look ahead, I think the fact that we've been able to bring the dividend payout ratio down, it just gives us greater flexibility with respect to capital allocation, including from my perspective, position us well for future dividend growth.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Well, thank you. I'll leave it there.
Warner Baxter: Thanks, Julien. I appreciate the time.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed.
Warner Baxter: Good morning, Steve. How are you doing?
Steve Fleishman: Hey, good morning Warner. So, I guess, first question just on the Illinois law proposal, could you just maybe give us a little bit color of kind of who's supporting that and how that - how, if at all that this proposal might interact with the clean air, clean jobs bill that's also going on?
Warner Baxter: Look, couple of things to start there. The bill is sponsored by Senator Hastings and Senator Hunter on the Senate side and on the House side, it is - sponsors are a Representative Greenwood and Representative Huffman. So when you step back and you look at the fundamental elements of this bill in this legislation, number one, it's very consistent with things that have been talked about in Illinois really for the past 12 months in terms of trying to put greater levels of investment for solar, for battery storage, electrification. These are all things which are consistent with the governor's package. So, we think, as we've talked around with key stakeholders, these are important elements of any forward-thinking legislation. And so that's in this bill. Secondly, I think over time, you have seen the modernization of the grid and the legislation associated with that, how that has received widespread support for all the right reasons, for reliability purposes, for customer affordability purposes, for job creation. All those things are really spelled robust support for that. When you put these two things together, we think this legislation has really the opportunity to gain broad based support. Having said that, it's early in the session here, and so Richard and his team had done a fantastic job of educating key stakeholders, talking with many folks that are at the table, including those that are looking at other pieces of legislation. And so we're not done doing that. So, I would say that, a lot of these elements of this legislation are very consistent and much aligned with what key stakeholders want to see, but there's still more work to do. But we're pleased with where things are at today, and look forward to engaging with these folks in the future.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, great. One other question, just have to ask that there's I guess, noise going on with your neighboring utility and begs the question kind of whether you would be interested or your policy on M&A activity?
Warner Baxter: Sure. Of course, Steve, we don't comment on rumors or certainly speculate on any M&A transaction, but let's just be clear, our team remains very focused on executing our strategic plan. As you heard me just talk about a little bit earlier, that plan is based on strong organic growth across all of our regulated businesses. And as you've seen in our presentation, there is certainly delivered strong returns in the past through the execution of that strategy. And that is absolutely our focus going forward, because, we believe it's going to continue to deliver superior value, not just to our shareholders, but especially, to our customers. So we're going to continue to stay focused on that plan, because we think that's going to deliver superior value in the long-term for all of our stakeholders.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Okay. We have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back over to Andrew Kirk, for closing remarks.
Andrew Kirk: Thank you for participating in this call. A replay of this call will be available for one year on our website. If you have questions, you may call the contacts listed on our earnings release. Financial analysts' inquiries should be directed to me, Andrew Kirk. Media should call Erin Davis. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q3  (2019-11-08 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Ameren Corporation’s Third Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Andrew Kirk, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Kirk. You may begin.
Andrew Kirk: Thank you, and good morning. On the call with me today are Warner Baxter, our Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer; and Marty Lyons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; as well as other members of the Ameren management team. Warner and Marty will discuss our earnings results and guidance as well as provide a business update. Then we will open the call for questions. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call contains time-sensitive data that’s accurate only as of the – of today’s live broadcast, and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on the amereninvestors.com homepage that will be referenced by our speakers. As noted on Page 2 of the presentation, comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the Forward-looking Statements section in the news release we issued today and the Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors section in our filings with the SEC. Lastly, all per-share earnings amounts discussed during today’s presentation, including earnings guidance, are presented on a diluted basis, unless otherwise noted. Now, here’s Warner, who’ll start on Page 4 of the presentation.
Warner Baxter: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Earlier today, we announced third quarter 2019 GAAP and core earnings, $1.47 per share, compared to 2018 core earnings of $1.50 per share. A summary of the key drivers of the third quarter year-over-year change in earnings per share is provided on Page 4. Marty will discuss these and other items in more detail a bit later. Overall, we delivered solid results during the third quarter. From an operations standpoint, our team continues to perform very well, and we continue to execute on all elements of our strategy, which includes significant investments in energy infrastructure and disciplined cost management. I’ll share my perspectives on the progress we’ve made in executing key elements of our strategy during the whole third quarter in a moment. Due to the strong execution of our strategy, I’m pleased to report that we are narrowing our 2019 earnings guidance range to $3.23 to $3.33 per share from our initial 2019 guidance range of $3.15 to $3.35 per share. In so doing, we are raising the guidance midpoint $0.03 per share from $3.25 to $3.28 per share. Moving to Page 5. Here, we reiterate our strategic plan, which we expect continued delivery in significant value for our customers and strong long-term earnings growth for our shareholders. First pillar of our strategy stresses investing in and operating our utilities in a manner consistent with existing regulatory frameworks. This has driven our multiyear focus on investing in energy infrastructure for the long-term benefit of customers and jurisdictions that are supported by modern, constructive regulatory frameworks. As we have discussed with you in the past, all 4 of our business segments have constructive regulatory frameworks that support investment in energy infrastructure. As a result, and as you can see on the right side of this page, during the first 9 months of this year, we invested significant capital in each of our business segments. You may recall, it was in the third quarter of last year that Ameren Missouri began using plant and service accounting, enabled by Senate Bill 564. Enactment of Senate Bill 564 improved our ability to earn a fair return while making significant infrastructure investments for the benefit of our customers. Consequently, capital expenditures at Ameren Missouri are up approximately 15% in the first 9 months of this year versus the comparable period in 2018. Consistent with the Ameren Missouri smart energy plan, we are putting meaningful dollars to work to modernize the energy grid. For example, as of the end of September, we’ve installed 120 distributed automated switches. We placed or upgraded 6 substations and installed 15,000 fortified polls. And speaking of making progress, in Illinois, we are on track to complete the installation of over 1.2 million electric chart meters and over 830,000 gas modules by year-end. Installation of these important tools for our customers will be completed ahead of schedule and on budget. In our transmission business, we are on track to finish the Mark Twain Multi-Value Project by the end of this year. Looking ahead, there is much more to come in the way of energy infrastructure investments in all of our segments, which will deliver long-term value to our customers and the communities we serve. We have a vast energy transmission and distribution system that we will continue to prudently and systematically invest in. In addition, we’ll continue to transition our generation portfolio to a cleaner and more diverse portfolio in a responsible fashion. That transition will include significant investments in renewable energy, which I’ll cover in more detail in a moment. And we will continue to invest in advanced technologies, including digital technologies, to meet our customers’ rising expectations. Of course, as we make these investments, it is important that we continue to be focused on keeping rates affordable and competitive. And we’re doing just that. Our pending Ameren Missouri Electric rate review request for a $1 million decrease in annual electric revenues demonstrates that focus. Similarly, in late August, the Missouri PSC issued an order approving a $1 million annual revenue decrease in the Ameren Missouri Natural Gas rate review. And just last month, administrative law judges recommended a decrease in Ameren Illinois’ annual electric formula rate update, consistent with Ameren Illinois’ request of $7 million. In addition, we continue to make significant investments in Missouri and Illinois and robust energy efficiency programs that allow our customers to better manage their energy usage and control their overall energy costs. These programs are delivering significant results. These rate review filings, coupled with our robust energy efficiency programs, demonstrate that we are clearly focused on keeping our customers’ rates competitive and affordable, while we make significant investments in energy infrastructure to improve service to our customers and drive earnings growth for our shareholders. Moving to the second pillar of our strategy, which focuses on enhancing regulatory frameworks and advocating for responsible energy and economic policies. Earlier this year, constructive electric grid modernization legislation that would extend electric formula ratemaking through 2032, while widely supported was not brought to a vote before full Illinois general assembly due to other legislative matters taking priority during this year’s general session. To date, this important grid modernization legislation has not been addressed during the veto session which is scheduled to end on November 14. If not addressed during the veto session, we will continue to support extension of electric formula ratemaking in the future. Shifting to Missouri. I’m pleased to report that last month, we received Missouri PSC approval for the next phase of our Charge Ahead Program, which will bring significantly more electric vehicle charging stations to our service territory. This program provides incentives to develop electric vehicle charging stations along highways and in communities throughout Ameren Missouri’s service territory. The program is expected to drive the installation of over 1,000 charging ports at more than 350 locations to enable long-distance vehicle travel, reduce range anxiety and incur electrification of the transportation sector. This program is consistent with our focus on reducing economy-wide carbon emissions to address risks and concerns over climate change and to meet our customers’ rising energy needs and expectations. Of course, we’re doing our part in driving down carbon emissions in many ways, which leads me to an update on the third pillar of our strategy, which includes creating and capitalizing on opportunities for investment that will benefit our customers and shareholders. On Page 6 of our presentation, we outlined our investment plans to achieve compliance with Missouri’s Renewable Energy Standard and continue to transition our generation portfolio. Specifically, we have 2 build transfer agreements in place for 700 megawatts of new wind generation. We expect our investment in these projects to be approximately $1.2 billion, which is $200 million above the guidance we provided at the beginning of the year for our wind generation investment. I’m also pleased to report that we now have all regulatory approvals for these 2 projects and both interconnection agreements have been executed. Construction is also now underway on these 2 important renewable energy projects for the state of Missouri. Both facilities will be significant additions to our renewable energy portfolio and expected to be in service by the end of next year. We expect to see meaningful contributions to earnings in 2021 from these investments. At this time, these investments are also expected to fulfill our 2021 compliance needs under Missouri’s renewable energy standard. Consistent with our plans to reduce carbon emissions by 80% from 2005 levels by 2050, we will assess additional renewable generation opportunities for the benefit of our customers in the context of our next comprehensive-integrated resource plan which we plan to file in September 2020. Before moving on, and while discussing our generation portfolio, I’d like to provide an update on litigation regarding Ameren Missouri’s past compliance with the new source review provisions of the Clean Air Act. As you may recall, this litigation dates back to 2011 when the Department of Justice, on behalf of the APA, filed a complaint against Ameren Missouri alleging them at performing certain projects at the Rush Island Energy Center. We violated the new source review provisions of the Clean Air Act. In 2017, the District Court issued a liability ruling, and in September 2019, ordered the installation of Pollution Control equipment at the Rush Island Energy Center as well as at the Labadie Energy Center. We believe in [reaching] this liability and remedying the decisions, the district court both misinterpreted and misapplied the law on several accounts. As a result, we immediately filed a stay of this decision with the District Court and appealed this decision to the United States Court of Appeals for the eighth circuit. Recently, the District Court granted a stay of the majority of its order, which will help us to avoid unnecessary and costly expenditures for our customers while the case is on appeal. We strongly believe that we have complied with the Clean Air Act, and we look forward to presenting our arguments to the Court of Appeals. Based on the initial procedural schedule, all arguments are expected to be heard in 2020. However, the Court of Appeals is under no deadline to issue a ruling in this case. Turning now to Page 7. I’d like to expand a bit more on how we are leaning forward on a host of innovative programs and investments to deliver a brighter and cleaner energy future, consistent with our customers’ energy needs and rising expectations. As I’ve said before, our customers are at the center of our strategy. In addition to the robust energy infrastructure investments we are making to modernize the energy grid, our customers are asking for innovative programs and investments to enhance reliability and produce cleaner forms of energy at affordable and competitive costs as well as to enable them to better manage their energy usage. As you can see on this page, we are listening to our customers. In addition to the Charge Ahead Program and 700 megawatts of wind generation, I spoke about earlier, we are investing in innovative technologies and have developed several programs to help bring clean energy to the grid and our customers. These include Ameren Missouri’s Neighborhood Solar Program, Community Solar Program, Renewable Choice Program and Solar + Storage, in addition to robust energy efficiency programs in Missouri and Illinois. I’ll briefly touch on a few of these programs now. Our Renewable Choice Program allows large commercial and industrial customers and municipalities to elect to receive up to 100% of their energy from renewable resources. This program enables us to supply customers with up to 400 megawatts of wind generation, up to 200 megawatts of which we could own. We are currently in the process of reviewing wind generation projects for this program and soliciting binding interest from customers. We don’t expect any projects associated with this program to go into service until 2021. We will give you a more comprehensive update during our year-end conference call next February. Our Community Solar Program allows the residential and small business customers to elect to enroll for up to half of their average annual energy usage to participate in the solar generation. This program launched in the fall of 2018 and quickly reached full subscription. Based on customer demand, we plan to file a request with the Missouri PSC to expand the program in 2020 from 1 megawatt to 7 megawatts. During our second quarter call, we discussed the 3 10-megawatt Solar + Storage facilities. These facilities will be the first of their kind in the state and designed to meaningfully enhance reliability for our customers in a cost-effective manner. We have already filed for a certificate of convenience and necessity with the Missouri PSC and expect a decision by the first quarter of 2020. In summary, we believe that the robust energy infrastructure investment plans that I described earlier, coupled with these and other innovative customers’ programs will help create a smarter, cleaner and more reliable and resilient integrated energy grid that will deliver a brighter energy future for our customers and the communities we serve. Moving now to Page 8. We believe that the execution of our strategy in 2019 and beyond will continue to deliver superior value to our customers and shareholders. In February, we rolled forward our 5-year growth plan, which included our expectation of 6% to 8% compound annual earnings per share growth for the 2018-2023 period, using 2018 weather-normalized core earnings per share as a base. This earnings growth is primarily driven by expected 8% compound annual rate base growth over the same period. As I noted earlier, we have a strong pipeline of investments in each of our jurisdictions that will deliver value to our customers. In addition, we will continue to advocate for constructive regulatory frameworks and energy policies to support these important investments for the future. We will provide an update on our 5-year capital plan during our earnings call next February. Finally, our strong earnings growth expectation positions us well for future dividend growth. Last month, Ameren’s Board of Directors expressed its confidence in our long-term growth plan by increasing the dividend by over 4%, the sixth consecutive year with a dividend increase. Together, we believe our strong earnings growth outlook, combined with our solid dividend, which currently provides a yield of approximately 2.7%, results in an attractive total return opportunity for shareholders. Before I turn the call over to Marty, I’d like to touch on the executive rotation announced last month. Effective December 1, Marty, currently our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and President of Ameren Services, will become President of Ameren Missouri; and Michael Moehn, currently President of Ameren Missouri will assume Marty’s current responsibilities. This rotation of responsibilities is consistent with Ameren’s robust leadership development plan. I firmly believe this rotation will not only broaden our already strong work experiences but will also further strengthen our senior leadership expertise and better position us to execute our long-term strategic plan. I’m sure that many of you know that, Marty and Michael have worked closely together for many years. And I am very confident that the transition would be seamless and that they will perform exceptionally well in their new roles, just as they have for almost 20 years as leaders at Ameren. So in closing, we accomplished a great deal during the third quarter. Our operations and financial results were solid. Our investments are delivering results for our customers of keeping rates affordable and competitive, and we narrowed our 2019 earnings guidance while also increasing our guidance midpoint $0.03 per share. Simply put, we are doing what we said we would do. We are delivering superior and long-term value for our customers, the communities we serve and you, our shareholders. Again, thank you all for joining us today. And I’ll now turn the call over to Marty.
Marty Lyons: Thank you, Warner, and good morning, everyone. On Page 11 of the presentation is a table outlining the GAAP to core earnings reconciliations. I’ll simply note that there was a noncore charge in 2018, but no noncore activity in 2019. Turning to Page 12 of our presentation. As Warner mentioned, today, we reported third quarter 2019 GAAP and core earnings of $1.47 per share compared to core earnings of $1.50 per share for the year-ago quarter. Here, we highlight the key factors by segment that drove the overall $0.03 per share decrease. Earnings per share for Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution were down $0.02 compared to last year, driven by a lower-allowed return on equity due to a projected average 30-year treasury bond yield in 2019 compared to 2018. This was partially offset by earnings on increased infrastructure and energy efficiency investments. The expected allowed return on equity this year is 8.3% down from the 2018 average of 8.9%. The 2019 allowed ROE is based on an expected average 30-year treasury yield of 2.5% down from the 2018 average of 3.1%. Ameren Illinois Natural Gas results decreased $0.01 due to a change in rate design, which was partially offset by earnings on increased infrastructure investments. The rate design change is not expected to impact full year results. Ameren Parent results decreased $0.02 per share primarily due to timing of income tax expense, which is also not expected to impact full year results. Ameren Transmission earnings were up $0.02, reflecting increased infrastructure investments. And finally, Ameren Missouri, our largest segment, reported earnings that were comparable to prior year results. Ameren Missouri’s 2019 earnings reflect EMEA performance incentive related to the 2016 energy efficiency plan, which contributed $0.05 per share. I am pleased to report that we met the energy-savings goals needed to earn the maximum performance incentive available under the 2016 EMEA plan. Ameren Missouri’s earnings comparison also reflects the positive comparative impacts of timing differences in 2018 related to federal tax reform, which are not expected to impact full year earnings comparisons. These favorable factors were mostly offset by lower-electric retail sales, which decreased earnings by an estimated $0.04 per share primarily due to milder mid-summer temperatures in this quarter compared to the year-ago period. However, I will note the cooling-degree days for the quarter were above normal, driven primarily by the month of September, which was the hottest on record for St. Louis. Finally, Ameren Missouri’s 2019 earnings reflect increased property tax expense due to higher-assessed values, which decreased earnings by $0.02 per share. Before moving on, let me briefly cover electric sales trends for Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution for the first 9 months of this year compared to the first 9 months of last year. Weather-normalized kilowatt-hour sales to Missouri residential and commercial customers on a combined basis increased 0.5%, excluding the effects of our energy efficiency plan under EMEA. Kilowatt-hour sales to low-margin Missouri industrial customers decreased about 3% after excluding the effects of our energy efficiency plan. We exclude EMEA effects because the plan provides rate recovery to ensure that earnings are not affected by reduced electric sales resulting from our energy efficiency efforts. Weather-normalized kilowatt-hour sales to Illinois residential and commercial customers on a combined basis decreased about 2%, and kilowatt-hour sales to Illinois Industrial customers decreased 1%. Recall that these changes in electric sales in Illinois reflect the impacts of our robust energy efficiency programs and, no matter the cause, do not affect our earnings since we have full revenue decoupling. Moving then to Page 13 of our presentation. Despite the lower 30-year treasury yields discussed earlier, our year-to-date results are solidly on track. As Warner noted, due to the solid execution of our strategy, we narrowed our 2019 earnings guidance to a range of $3.23 to $3.33 per share, increasing the midpoint by $0.03. Select earnings considerations for the balance of the year are listed on this page. I will not comment specifically on these considerations since they are largely self-explanatory and consistent with the 2019 earnings drivers and assumptions discussed on our February earnings call and the balance of your considerations outlined on our second quarter call. Moving now to Page 14 for a discussion of select regulatory matters, starting with Ameren Missouri. As you will recall, on July 3, we filed for a $1 million revenue decrease with the Missouri Public Service Commission. The request includes a 9.95% return on equity, a 51.9% equity ratio and a December 31, 2019 estimated rate base of $8 billion. It is based on the 2018 test year with certain pro-forma adjustments through the end of 2019 and January 1, 2020. Intervenor testimony will be filed in early December with responsive testimony filed in early 2020. Absent a comprehensive settlement, evidentiary hearings are scheduled to begin in early March 2020. A Missouri PSC decision is expected by late April 2020, with new rates expected to be effective by late May. Regarding our Ameren Missouri natural gas rate review, a Missouri PSC decision was issued in late August for a $1 million annual revenue reduction and new rates were effective on September 1. While this was a black box settlement, it specifically provides for the use of the actual Missouri capital structure as of May 31, 2019, of 52% equity and a range of reasonable-allowed ROE of 9.4% to 9.95%, including the use of 9.725% for the infrastructure rider. Finally, last week, we requested Missouri PSC approval for a change to the way we account for scheduled Callaway Energy Center refueling and maintenance outage expenses. If the request is approved prior to the fall 2020 outage, we expect to defer the maintenance expenses incurred related to the outage and begin amortizing those expenses over approximately 18 months after completion of the outage. We believe this change would allow the timing of expense recognition associated with these outages to more closely align with the timing of related revenue recognition. Moving to Page 15, in Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution regulatory matters. In April, we made our required annual electric distribution rate update filing. Under Illinois’ formula rate making, our Ameren Illinois utility is required to file annual rate updates to systematically adjust cash flows over time for changes in cost of service and to true-up any prior period over or under-recovery of such costs. In October, the administrative law judges issued a proposed order consistent with Ameren Illinois’ request. An ICC decision is expected in December, with new rates expected to be effective in January 2020. Finally, we expect to file a rate review with the ICC for our Ameren Illinois Natural Gas business in early 2020, using a future test year ending December 31, 2021. Turning now to Page 16 for an update on notable financing activities that we would like to highlight. On August 5, we entered into an equity forward sale agreement to fund a portion of the 700-megawatt wind generation investment expected to be in service by the end of next year, with expected proceeds of $540 million to $550 million upon settlement. This was another important milestone for our wind generation investment. Settlement of the forward sale agreement is expected to occur as we close on the wind project acquisitions. In addition, to take advantage of the decline in interest rates that occurred during the quarter, on September 16, Ameren Corporation issued $450 million of 2.5% senior unsecured notes due in 2024. Proceeds of the issuance were used to repay short-term debt. Finally, on October 1, Ameren Missouri issued $330 million of 3.25% first mortgage bonds due in 2049. This was the lowest rate for a 30-year bond issue in Ameren Missouri’s history, which helps keep customer rates low as proceeds were used to repay at maturity $244 million, a 5.1% senior secured notes due October 1 as well as to repay short-term debt. Lastly, Ameren Illinois is expected to issue long-term debt by the end of this year. Moving now to Page 17. We plan to provide 2020 earnings guidance when we release fourth quarter results in February next year. Using our 2019 year-to-date results and guidance as a reference point, we have listed on this page select items to consider as you think about the earnings outlook for next year. Beginning with Missouri, we expect new electric service rates to be implemented in 2020 as a result of our pending rate review. These rates are expected to reflect recovery of and return on new infrastructure investments, lower-fuel and transportation costs as well as more recent sales and other costs, which collectively are expected to increase earnings when compared against 2019. I would note that due to the excellent results stemming from our robust energy efficiency programs for our customers, we earned strong performance incentives in Missouri in 2019. As a result, we expect energy efficiency performance incentives to be approximately $0.09 per share lower than 2019. Further, we expect a return to normal weather in 2020 will decrease Ameren Missouri earnings by approximately $0.02 compared to 2019 results to date, assuming normal weather in the last quarter of this year. Absent a Missouri PSC approval of our requested change in the way we account for Callaway scheduled refueling and maintenance outages which I discussed earlier, we expect expenses associated with the fall 2020 outage to be approximately $0.02 per share higher than those experienced for our spring 2019 outage and prospective outages. We are going to perform some additional maintenance activities for this fall 2020 outage that will result in the cost being approximately $0.11 per share versus $0.09 per share this year. As previously noted, the 700 megawatts of wind generation are expected to be in service by the end of 2020. As a result, we expect to see contributions to earnings from these investments in 2021. Earnings from our FERC-regulated electric transmission activities are expected to benefit from additional investments in Ameren Illinois and ATXI made under forward-looking formula ratemaking. Ameren Transmission earnings would, of course, be affected by any change, positive or negative, to the current-allowed ROE of 10.82%. For Ameren Illinois Electric distribution, earnings are expected to benefit in 2020 compared to 2019 from additional infrastructure investments made under Illinois’ formula ratemaking. The allowed ROE under the formula will be the average 2020 30-year treasury yield plus 5.8%, which is applied to year-end rate base. For Ameren Illinois Natural Gas, earnings are expected to benefit from an increase in infrastructure investments qualifying for rider treatment that will earn the current-allowed ROE of 9.87%. Finally, the issuance of common shares for our dividend reinvestment and employee benefit plans are expected to unfavorably impact earnings per share. Of course, in 2020, we will seek to manage all of our businesses to earn as close to our allowed returns as possible, while being mindful of operating and other business needs. Turning to Page 18, I will summarize. We continue to expect to deliver strong weather-normalized earnings growth in 2019 as we successfully execute our strategy. As we look to the longer term, we continue to expect strong earnings per share growth driven by rate base growth and disciplined financial management. Our outlook includes a strong pipeline of investments, which allows us flexibility to manage headwinds as we look to deliver on our long-term earnings per share growth goals. Further, we expect this growth to compare favorably with the growth of our regulated utility peers. In addition, Ameren shares continue to offer investors an attractive dividend. In total, we have an attractive total shareholder return story that we believe compares very favorably to our peers. That concludes my prepared remarks. With that, we now invite your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America.
Warner Baxter: Good morning, Julien.
Alex Morgan: It’s actually Alex Morgan calling in for Julien. Congrats on the guide up in 2019 earnings. Marty, I have two quick questions. The first one, I was just hoping you might be able to confirm that you have not received the letter from the SEC or the FBI regarding any of your activities in Illinois, just thinking about some of your peers in the state?
Warner Baxter: Sure. Sure. This is Warner. So look, the simple answer to that question is no, on both counts. And just to be clear, in the normal course, we don’t normally comment on litigation matters and subpoenas unless they’re material or have a financial impact. But I recognize the sensitivity of this. And so I’ll just reiterate again, no on both counts, period.
Alex Morgan: Okay. Thank you. I just wanted to ask that one quickly. And then the other question that I had was just a little bit on that 2020 driver slide that you had included. In Ameren Missouri, I know you talked a little bit about the $0.09 lower-energy efficiency performance. I was hoping you could delve into that a little bit more. Specifically, how we should be thinking about energy efficiency going forward? And also, for 2020, how should we be thinking about that being offset?
Marty Lyons: Sure, Alex. This is Marty. Let me talk a little bit about that. In 2019, we’ve had a little bit of an unusually positive year in terms of MEEIA performance incentive benefits. In Q1, you may recall that we had about a $20 million benefit. And in Q3, we’ve recognized another approximately $18 million benefit. So the total is about $38 million for the year or approximately $0.11, maybe a little over $0.11. And really, that’s because of incentives related to 2 prior programs, both the 2013 program and the 2016 programs. And in the quarter, we actually had, as I mentioned, in the third quarter, we have this $18 million benefit. And the range could have been anywhere from a target incentive of about $5 million up to the $18 million that was recognized, as I mentioned in our prepared remarks, where we achieved the maximum under the program. So we actually had a fairly positive year. Just to give you a little bit of a sense of history, if you go back in time, in 2017, we had really no benefit. In 2018, I think it was about a $0.03 benefit. And then this year, we had, as I said, about $0.11 benefit. And like I said, it was something that was – could have been a range of 5 – $5 million to $18 million in Q3. So a bit of a positive benefit there relatively and versus expectations. As you look ahead to next year, we roll into – we’re into now, this year, the MEEIA 3, the third version of this energy efficiency program. And depending upon the performance under this first year, we expect that the benefits next year could be in the range of $7 million to $8 million. So down next year, which is why we’re guiding at this point to about a $0.09 negative year-over-year. But I just do want to highlight again that when you look at this year, the fact that we are raising guidance here in the quarter, raising the midpoint of our guidance by $0.03, certainly part of our ability to do that is the performance incentive that we did earn in Q3 at that maximum level.
Alex Morgan: Thank you so much. have a great day.
Operator: Our next question comes from Greg Reiss with Centenus.
Warner Baxter: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Reiss: Hey, congrats on a good quarter.
Warner Baxter: Thank you.
Greg Reiss: I was wondering, can you guys quantify this Callaway deferral request? I know that you’ve embedded about $0.11 for next year as a headwind. But if you get this deferral, I guess, how much of that $0.11 would get pushed out and kind of spread over the next period?
Marty Lyons: Yes, Greg, this is Marty again. You’re right. The outage next year, we’re forecasting being about $0.11 outage. If the request we made is accepted by the commission, what we would expect then is that we would defer that $0.11 and then amortize it over approximately an 18-month period. So to a large extent, that $0.11 would be removed from earnings next year. There would be a little bit of amortization sort of at the end of next year. But then, of course, the next year, when you roll around to 2021, when we otherwise – when we won’t have an outage, that we would see approximately 2/3 of an outage expense reflected in that year. So that’s how we do it. I’ll tell you, Greg, in terms of this ask we’ve made of the commission, and it’s really not a change in ratemaking per se, or revenue requirement. But I think what this would allow us to do is, over time, not have fluctuations in our earnings due to the timing of this Callaway outage and give us a smoother trajectory of earnings growth going forward. So that’s part of the goal with respect to this ask.
Greg Reiss: Got you. And then would you envision this being something that you’d be able to utilize to potentially help offset some of the headwinds you’re experiencing from the 30-year treasury move down?
Marty Lyons: No, no, no. Not really specifically, Greg, in terms of that. I think that really, like I said, the thrust behind this is to, over time, have a more normalized level of growth over time and not have the sort of fluctuations associated with Callaway. If you look at what we did this year, Greg, I mean, just in terms of this 30-year treasury, this year, we went into the year thinking it was going to be about 3.1%, and we’re booking to about 2.5%, so down about 60 basis points, which created this year about $0.04 of headwind. As you heard today, we raised the midpoint of our guidance $0.03. A little bit of that is positive weather. We’ve had a couple of cents of positive weather. We also had these MEEIA performance incentives I spoke to earlier, but also contributing to that ability to raise guidance at a disciplined cost control. As we look ahead towards the longer term and the growth that we’re expecting, of 6% to 8%, look, the long-term guidance we’ve given, 6% to 8% growth out through 2023, yields about a $0.40 earnings range out there in 2023. If you look at where we are from the beginning of this year until today from, say, a 3.1% treasury down to about a 2.4% today, it’s about 70 basis points. We’re talking about a nickel or so of earnings if those 2.4% treasury rates hold. A nickel, in and of itself, certainly, not going to move us outside that $0.40 range. If we look to the longer term, we’ve got a number of tools in our toolbox. We have actions we believe we can take, and we’ve discussed many times that we’ve got a very robust pipeline of capital investments that we can make over time. And certainly, a tool in our toolkit. But bottom line is, Greg, that range we’ve got out there accommodates a range of treasury rates, allowed returns on equity, spending levels, regulatory decisions, rate review timing, economic conditions, financing plans, et cetera. And we’ll continue to take actions prospectively as we have in the past to deliver on our commitments.
Greg Reiss: Got you. Thank you very much.
Warner Baxter: Thanks, Greg.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: So I wanted to follow-up a little bit on Greg’s question regarding the change in sort of the ROE in Illinois. And I’m just wondering, I mean, you went over pretty well the sort of impact on EPS, in general. But just the difference in return versus other jurisdictions is pretty significant. And I’m wondering – I know you’re going to give the CapEx update in February. But could you give us a little bit of a flavor of how it may or may not change in terms of your investment outlook, just simply given the differential that you’re now seeing in Illinois distribution versus the other jurisdictions you have?
Warner Baxter: Sure, Paul, this is Warner. I’ll touch a little bit on it and then, Marty, feel free to jump in. But no, look, at the end of the day, we’ve said before, we like the formula rate framework. There are many things to like about it, including the ability to not only earn our allowed returns but also to give our retirement cash flows to make these investments. And so that’s worked very well for us for a long time. And as you heard us say and me say on the call, it’s a framework that we’re going to continue to support whether it’d be in the veto session or the next legislative session. Look, we’re mindful of the lower ROEs, too. And it’s not lost upon us. And certainly, as we think about the overall framework, if there’s an opportunity in the context of a legislative initiative for a good reasonable fix to the ROE, Richard and his team, they’ll take a look at that. But we are clearly focused on this formula rates legislation passed through 2032 because we think that has delivered significant results to Illinois for so many reasons, not just investments, reliability, jobs and affordability. Now, when we think about capital allocation, certainly, we’ll be mindful of that, too. But right now, we’ll come out with a more specific plan next year. That is potentially a lever. But as Marty also said, we have robust capital expenditures that we can put to work in all 4 of our business segments. So stay tuned. We’ll talk more about that in February. Marty, anything more to add to that?
Marty Lyons: Warner, I think that was – it was a great response. And I think one of the things, Paul, to look at is, especially on Slide 8, I mean, over time, we have allocated more growth capital to the places where we’ve had the more robust ROEs. And as Warner said, we do have robust pipelines of infrastructure investment opportunities in all of our jurisdictions. So without giving any specifics as to what we might unveil in February, certainly, we’ve carefully allocated capital over time based upon ROEs and quality of regulatory frameworks. The other thing I just mentioned, this gets a little bit back to Alex’s question, as well as yours too, Paul. I mean in each one of our jurisdictions, we’ll continue to work to earn as close to our allowed returns as we can. Alex was specifically asking about Missouri overcoming some of this decline in the performance incentives. And I would just note as I reflect on her question as it relates to Missouri in each one of our jurisdictions and earning the allowed, certainly, we’re going to exercise disciplined financial management, both capital allocation as well as O&M controls, as well to work to earn as close to those allowed as we can as we deploy that growth capital.
Paul Patterson: Okay, great. And just in terms of the outlook on the legislation in Illinois, is there a potential, do you think, for changing the legislation significantly? Or is it pretty much more just sort of an effort of getting what’s been working for you pretty well extended? Do you follow what I’m saying?
Warner Baxter: Paul, this is Warner again. Look, we’ve been real clear. Our objective is to take the existing formula rate framework and extend it to 2032. We’ve been – that’s what we’ve been advocating throughout this year. It’s what we continue to advocate today, and that’s what I said on the call. Whether we have an opportunity to address the ROE, that is something that we will look at. But look, we like what we have. And if we can make it even better, we will do that as well.
Paul Patterson: Thanks so much guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Kevin Fallon with Citadel.
Kevin Fallon: Hey guys, how are you?
Warner Baxter: Good morning.
Marty Lyons: Good Kevin, thanks.
Kevin Fallon: I just wanted to ask just a little bit more specifically, on the FERC transmission subs, what kind of opportunity is there to add more capital? And also in terms of the kind of rolling five-year period on the PISA in Missouri, what’s the headroom beyond what you currently have in the plan?
Warner Baxter: So a couple of things there, Kevin. I think when you look at – I’ll start with transmission, and Michael, I’ll let you jump in on the Missouri piece there. When we look together at transmission, as we’ve said before, we think there are many robust transmission opportunities. I think, number one, we’ve said in other calls that when you see the level of renewable generation being added in the broader MISO footprint and you see all the interconnection agreements that are being put in place today, we believe when you step back and we get through these interconnection agreements that MISO will have an opportunity to step back and say, look, is this the most efficient and effective way for the transmission system to be configured? And we’ll give those that are in MISO an opportunity to look at potentially multi-value projects down the road. Now, that’s not tomorrow. But we do see that as certainly an opportunity down the road that could be in a robust expansion there. Even today, we have a vast transmission system. And so today, we’re continuing to address aging infrastructure. We continue to address sort of new compliance standards. That’s not ending, both in Missouri and Illinois, and so we continue to see those investment opportunities to be real and significant. And certainly, beyond that, there’s certainly grid modernization with regard to security and all these other types of things. And so, Shawn, in the transmission business, we’ve talked often about this, but we see the pipeline to continue to be robust. Anything that I missed in those areas that you and your team are looking at?
Shawn Schukar: No. I think you got to hear – well, Warner, there’s a lot of opportunity that we see coming down the road, especially as we think about the transition to a carbon-free generation portfolio that will affect not only the upgrades on our system, but the flows on our system, which will cause us to think about additional investments.
Warner Baxter: Sure. Michael, why don’t you hit on Missouri, please?
Michael Moehn: Really just similar, Warner, I don’t think we specifically have commented about sort of where the complete opportunities are, other than to say, we have a robust pipeline there, right? I mean we’re investing quite a bit of capital already year-over-year this year. But as we look, I mean, we’re just beginning to scratch the surface in terms of making the investments to continue to improve the grid and make the – and meet the expectations that customers have for us from an increasing standpoint. So we feel that we have room underneath the cap to continue to do that over time.
Warner Baxter: Yes, if you look, as I said during the – my prepared remarks, Missouri is going in for a rate review, and it’s asking for a $1 million rate decrease. And so I think that’s evidence of the work that we’re doing to be very disciplined in our cost management as well as putting to work really significant investments that have driven significant value to our customers and our communities.
Kevin Fallon: That’s very helpful. And just a follow-up, when you guys raised the growth rate before, obviously, it was driven by a lot of the stuff you were just highlighting in terms of the sizable capital program that you have going forward. And I know people are focused on the headwind from the 30-year. Should we still think that you guys have the program in place to do the midpoint of the range through the guidance period?
Marty Lyons: Yes, Kevin, this is Marty. Look, it goes back to the statement I made earlier. The guidance range we gave that 6% to 8%, it’s about a $0.40 range. If you look at where our treasury rates were at the beginning of the year, about 3.1%. We gave guidance and now about 2.4%. It’s about a $0.05 delta. So that is not going to move you outside the range and, frankly, not move you all that far off the midpoint. And as I said earlier, we have a lot of tools in our toolkit as well as actions that we can take to offset a $0.05 decline. So look, I mean, we just talked about the robust pipeline we have in all of our jurisdictions. So we do believe we have a robust pipeline in transmission as well as Missouri, Illinois Gas, Illinois Electric delivery, really across the board, and it’s a major tool that we have in our toolkit. But as I said, over time, that range we have out there accommodates a lot of variables, and we expect to continue to allocate capital wisely. We expect to exercise disciplined management with respect to our costs with a real eye towards affordability for our customers. And we talked here today about making sure that we do the right things regulatorily, legislatively to make sure we deliver on our commitments.
Kevin Fallon: Okay. So it just doesn’t sound, the nickel is basically the bogey for where – what you guys are – have to offset with the capital or whatnot?
Marty Lyons: Well, as I outlined, we’re at 3.1% at the beginning of the year, we’re at 2.4% today. That’s about a nickel.
Kevin Fallon: Okay. That’s very helpful. Thanks guys.
Warner Baxter: Thanks, Kevin.
Operator: Mr. Kirk, there are no further questions at this time. I’d like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments.
Andrew Kirk: Thank you for participating in this call. A replay of this call will be available for 1 year on our website. If you have questions, you may call the contacts listed on our earnings release. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q2  (2019-08-02 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Ameren Corporation Second Quarter 2019 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Andrew Kirk, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you. Mr. Kirk, you may begin.
Andrew Kirk: Thank you. Good morning. On the call with me today are Warner Baxter, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Marty Lyons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; as well as other members of Ameren management team. Warner and Marty will discuss our earnings results and guidance as well as provide a business update. Then we will open the call for questions. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call contains time-sensitive data that's accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on the amereninvestors.com homepage that we will reference by our speakers. As noted on Page 2 of the presentation, comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the Forward-looking Statements section in the news release we issued today and the Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors sections in our filings with the SEC. Lastly, all per share earnings amounts discussed during today's presentation, including earnings guidance, are presented on a diluted basis, unless otherwise noted. Now here's Warner, who will start on Page 4 of our presentation.
Warner Baxter: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Earlier today, we announced second quarter 2019 earnings of $0.72 per share compared to $0.97 per share earned in 2018. A summary of the key drivers of the year-over-year decrease to $0.25 per share as provided on Slide 4, which Marty will discuss in more detail in a moment. I'm pleased to report that despite some weather related headwinds in the second quarter, we continue to effectively execute our strategic plan. And today reaffirmed our 2019 earnings guidance range of $3.15 per share to $3.35 per share, reflecting solid year-to-date results. In particular, I would like to note that during the second quarter some of our customers and the communities we serve were affected by historic flooding and tornadoes. While, the impact on our operations and financial results was manageable, the impact on our customers and communities by these severe weather events was in some cases devastating. Our thoughts and prayers remain with those who have been affected by these events. We continue to work with our customers, local communities, agencies, and governmental leaders to help our customers in several ways, including providing energy assistance funds. I also want to thank our co-workers for their extraordinary efforts to safely restore service to our customers, maintain safe and reliable service throughout our operations as well as volunteering their time to help those in need during this challenging period. It was clearly a tremendous team effort. Moving to Page 5, here we reiterate our strategic plan, which we have been executing very well throughout the year, we expect our plan to continue delivering significant value for our customers and strong long-term earnings growth for our shareholders. The first pillar of our strategy stresses investing in and operating our utilities in a manner consistent with existing regulatory frameworks. This has driven our multi-year focus on investing in energy infrastructure for the long-term benefit of customers and our jurisdictions that are supported by modern constructive regulatory frameworks. As you can see on the right side of this page, during the first half of the year, we invested significant capital in each of our business segments to better serve our customers. These investments are delivering value to our customers. Our energy grid is becoming more reliable, resilient, and secure, new smart meters are providing our customers with better tools to manage their energy usage and our digital technology investments are enhancing our customer's experience with us. Of course, we're not done, looking ahead, we continue to see the need for robust energy infrastructure investments to meet our customers’ energy needs and exceed their rising expectations. And we remain relentlessly focused on operational excellence, continuous improvement and discipline cost management to keep our customers cost competitive and affordable. For example, in mid-May we completed the 23rd nuclear refueling and maintenance outage and Ameren Missouri Callaway Energy center safely on time and on budget. This is just one example of many focused efforts across the company that has helped keep our electric rates in both Missouri and Illinois, well below the Midwest and national averages. Speaking of keeping our electric rates low and competitive for our customers, in early July, Ameren filed a request for a $1 million decrease in annual electric service revenue with the Missouri Public Service Commission. This marks the second potential reduction in electric rates since August, 2018 the request incorporates the benefits of lower coal and transportation expenses as well as other operating costs and provides for recovery of and a return on important new infrastructure investments. This filing also provides flexibility to time next rate review to include wind generation investments planned for the fourth quarter of 2020. We look forward to working with the Missouri PSC staff and other stakeholders in this important matter in the months ahead. I am also pleased to report that in late July Ameren Missouri was able to reach a non-unanimous stipulation and agreement in our pending natural gas rate review. Consistent with our focus on keeping our customers energy costs competitive and affordable, this agreement will lower Missouri's natural gas customers rates by $1 million as well and will continue to enable us to use the gas infrastructure recovery mechanism between rate reviews to support important and timely investments for our natural gas customers in the future. These two Missouri rate review filings are in addition to Ameren Illinois’ annual electric formula rate update request for a $7 million rate decrease filed in April. Marty will go into more detail on both the Missouri Electric and gas rate reviews, as well as the Illinois electric rate update in a moment. But as you can see, we are clearly focused on keeping our customers costs competitive and affordable while we make significant investments in energy infrastructure investments to deliver long-term value. Moving to the second pillar of our strategy, which includes enhancing regulatory frameworks. Constructive electric grid modernization legislation that would extend electric formula rate making for 2032 while widely supported was not brought to a vote before the full Illinois General Assembly due to other legislative matters taking priority during this year's general session.  It is clear that modernizing energy policies in Illinois, including formula rate making are driving significant incremental investments on it's electric and natural gas energy infrastructure. Together, these investments are not only delivering meaningful long-term benefits to our customers at affordable costs, but they have also created thousands of new jobs in the state of Illinois. With these benefits in mind, Policymakers have already extended electric formula rates twice since 2012 which are currently effective through 2022. We will continue to work to extend this important grid monetization legislation again in the future. This fall, the Illinois legislature is scheduled to conduct this annual veto session with the electric grid modernization legislation and other proposed energy legislation could be considered. At this time, it is premature to predict whether any of these legislative proposals will be addressed during the veto session. Turning to Page 6, for an update on the third pillar of our strategy, which includes creating and capitalizing on opportunities for investment for the benefit of our customers and shareholders. Here we outline our renewable energy investment plans to achieve compliance with Missouri's renewable energy standard and continue to transition our generation portfolio. We have previously announced three build-transfer agreements for a total of 857 megawatts of wind generation at an estimated costs of approximately $1.4 billion. And as you might recall, the capital spending and related rate base guidance that we provided to you in February of this year included approximately $1 billion for 557 megawatts of wind generation to be placed in service in 2020. There have been several recent developments with our wind generation projects to update you on. I will begin with our build-transfer agreement with EDF for 157 megawatt facility, the smallest of our three projects. Last week, Ameren and EDF mutually agreed to terminate this project due to unacceptably high transmission and its connection cost estimates that were received from both MISO and SPP during the second of three phases of interconnection cost studies. During this phase of the process, it was determined that the addition of this wind project would require significant costs to enhance the transmission system. These projected costs were far greater than those anticipated and MISO’s estimate after the first phase of this process. We simply had to terminate this project due to the unacceptably high transmission costs that made this project no longer economic and not in the best long-term interest of our customers. Of course, we are disappointed that we had to take this action. We felt that the EDF wind facility had the potential to bring significant value to our customers and the state of Missouri. That said, we are very pleased with progress on our larger proposed wind generation investments. A 400 megawatt wind facility located in northeast Missouri and a 300 megawatt wind facility located in northwest Missouri. In particular, in May 2019, we announced that Ameren Missouri, reached an agreement with the subsidiary of Enel to acquire after construction a 300 megawatt wind facility. Shortly thereafter we filed for a certificate of convenience and necessity or CCN with the Missouri PSC. I am very happy to report that this week we reached a non-unanimous stipulation and agreement with the Missouri PSE staff and other parties that recommended the Missouri PSC grant a CCN for this project. Missouri PSC decision is expected by October. If ultimately approved the CCM would be in addition to the previously granted CCN for the 400 megawatt Terra-Gen wind facility. Notably, a lot of my comments a few minutes ago on transmission interconnection costs. I am also pleased to inform you that we have already received the third and final phase transmission and a connection cost estimates from MISO for both projects, which were in-line with our expectations. We expect to finalize the interconnection agreements later this fall. We believe we are very well positioned to obtain all necessary regulatory approvals and move forward with the time the construction of these two important renewable energy projects for the state of Missouri Both facilities will be significant additions to our renewable energy portfolio and are expected to be in service in the fourth quarter of next year. As a result, we expect to see meaningful contributions to earnings in 2021 from these investments. To summarize, we now have in place build-transfer agreements for 700 megawatts of wind generation. Together, our investment in these two projects is expected to approximate $1.2 billion or approximately $200 million in excess of the capital spending and rate base guidance we provided to you in February. At this time, these investments are also expected to fulfill our needs to comply with the Missouri Renewable Energy Standard in 2021. We will continue to explore additional renewable energy investment opportunities that will drive long-term value for our customers and shareholders. These opportunities include our previously announced Renewable Choice program. This Missouri PSC approved program allows large commercial and industrial customers and municipalities to elect to receive up to 100% of their energy from renewable resources. The program enables us to supply customers with up to 400 megawatts of wind generation of which up to 200 megawatts we could own. We're still in early stages of this program. Further and consistent with Ameren Missouri Smart Energy plan, this month we expect to file CCNs with the Missouri PSC to build three solar plus storage facilities across the state. Each location will connect solar energy generation and battery storage. The installations are expected to be completed by the end of 2020 and we'll be the first of their kind in the state. Importantly, these proposed facilities will bring increased reliability to our customers in a cost effective manner. Finally, we will assess additional renewable generation opportunities for the benefit of our customers in the context of our next comprehensive integrated resource plan which we plan to file in September, 2020. Needless to say, we have a lot of exciting things going on in the renewable energy space in Missouri. Moving on to Page 7, to sum up our value proposition, we believe that the execution of our strategy in 2019 and beyond, we'll continue to deliver superior value to our customers and shareholders. In February, we rolled forward our five-year growth plan, which included our expectation of 6% to 8% compound annual earnings per share growth for the 2018 through 2023 period, using 2018 weather normalized core earnings per share as a base. This earnings growth is primarily driven by expected 8% compound annual rate base growth over the same period. And I will point out that we have a strong pipeline of investments that benefit our customers in the future. Our strong earnings growth expectation positions us well for future dividend growth. Of course, future dividend decisions will be driven by earnings growth in addition to cash flows and other business conditions. Together, we believe our strong earnings growth outlook combined with our solid dividend, which currently provides a yield of approximately 2.5% results in a very attractive total return opportunity for shareholders. Again, thank you all for joining us today and I'll now turn the call over to Marty.
Marty Lyons: Thank you, Warner and good morning everyone. Turning now to Page 9 of our presentation. As Warner mentioned, today we reported second quarter 2019 earnings of $0.72 per share, compared to earnings of $0.97 per share for the year ago quarter. Here we highlight the key factors by segment that drove the overall $0.25 per share decrease. Ameren Missouri, our largest segment reported decreased earnings of $0.25 per share. This reflected lower electric retail sales which decreased earnings by an estimated $0.22 per share, primarily due to mild early summer temperatures in the quarter compared to extremely warm temperatures in the second quarter of last year. Ameren Missouri’s results also reflected this year's scheduled refueling and maintenance outage at our Callaway Energy Center that reduced earnings by $0.08 per share compared to 2018 when there was no refueling outage. The next Callaway refueling is scheduled for the fall of 2020. These items were partially offset by the positive comparative impacts of timing differences in 2018 related to federal tax reform, which are not expected to impact full year earnings comparisons. Earnings for Ameren Illinois Natural Gas were down $0.01 per share primarily due to a change in rate design, which is not expected to impact full year results. And finally, Ameren Parent and other results decreased $0.02 per share, primarily due to timing of income tax expense, which is also not expected to impact full year results. Earnings per share for Ameren Transmission and Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution were up $0.02 and $0.01, reflecting increased infrastructure investments. In addition, Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution earnings reflect a lower expected allowed return on equity under formulaic rate making of 8.5% in 2019, compared to 8.9% for the prior year. The 2019 ROE is based on a projected 2019 average 30-year treasury yield of 2.7%, down from the 2018 average of 3.1%. Before moving on, let me briefly cover electric sales trends for Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution for the first six months of this year compared to the first six months of last year. Weather-normalized kilowatt-hour sales to Missouri residential and commercial customers on a combined basis increased 1%, excluding the effects of our energy efficiency plan under MEEIA. Kilowatt-hour sales to low margin Missouri industrial customers decreased 2.5%, after excluding the effects of our energy efficiency plan. We exclude MEEIA effects because the plan provides rate recovery to ensure that earnings are not affected by reduced electric sales resulting from our energy efficiency efforts. Weather-normalized kilowatt-hour sales to Illinois residential and commercial customers on a combined basis decreased 2%, and kilowatt-hour sales to Illinois industrial customers decreased 2%. Recall that changes in electric sales in Illinois, no matter the cause, did not affect our earnings since we have full revenue decoupling. Moving then to Page 10 of our presentation, despite the weather-related headwinds discussed earlier, our year-to-date results are solidly on track and we continue to expect 2019 diluted earnings to be in a range of $3.15 to $3.35 per share. Select earnings considerations for the balance of the year are listed on this page. I will not comment specifically on these considerations since they are largely self-explanatory and consistent with the 2019 earnings drivers and assumptions discussed on our February earnings call and the balance of the year considerations outlined on our first quarter call. Moving now to Page 11, here we begin to outline in more detail, our recently filed Missouri electric rate review that Warner mentioned earlier. Base rates were last reset April 1, 2017, and are required to be reset at least every four years to allow for continued use of the fuel adjustment clause. This filing will allow us to meet that requirement and provide flexibility to time our next rate review to include our wind generation investments. Missouri PSC decision is expected by late April, 2020 with new rates expected to be effective in late May. Now let me take a moment to go through the details of this filing. The request includes a 9.95% return on equity and 51.9% equity ratio and at December 31, 2019 estimated rate base of $8 billion. It is based on a 2018 test year with certain pro forma adjustments through the end of 2019 and January 1, 2020. Further as outlined on Page 12, the key drivers of our $1 million annual revenue decrease include decreased net energy costs, otherwise subject to recovery through the fuel adjustment clause reflecting lower coal and transportation expenses, a higher level of weather-normalized customer sales volumes to recover costs, decreased expenses other than net energy costs of which a portion was otherwise subject to regulatory recovery mechanisms and recovery of and return on increased infrastructure investments made for the benefit of customers including those otherwise deferred under plant-in-service accounting or PISA. We've received a number of questions with respect to PISA mechanics between rate reviews and in this rate review. While PISA meaningfully reduces regulatory lag, we still experience some lag on recovery of depreciation expenses and the return on projects placed in service between rate cases. PISA allows us to defer and recover 85% of depreciation expense and return on rate base related to qualifying plant, which is nearly all plant placed in service. Such deferrals continue to accumulate until the related plant becomes part of rate base included in a subsequent rate review. As a result, 15% of such costs continue to result in lag between rate reviews. In addition, accounting rules only allow for the recognition and earnings of Ameren Missouri's cost of debt, with respect to the 85% of return on rate base deferred under PISA, until such deferrals are reflected in rates. This results in a temporary lag and reported returns but no ultimate economic loss. Of course, we seek to manage Ameren Missouri's business to reduce regulatory lag inherent in its framework to earn as close to our allowed returns as possible while being mindful of operating and other business needs. Moving out of Page 13, for other regulatory reviews. In December, 2018, we filed a natural gas rate review with Missouri PSC. In late July, we reached a non-unanimous stipulation and agreement with the Missouri PSC staff and certain interveners for $1 million annual revenue reduction and no other parties to the rate review object. While this was a black box agreement, it specifically provides for the use of the actual Ameren Missouri capital structure as of May 31, 2019 of 52% equity in a range of reasonable allowed ROE of 9.4% to 9.95% including the use of 9.725% for the infrastructure rider. The Missouri PSC decision is expected in August with new rates expected to be effective in September. Moving to Illinois, in April, we made our required annual electric distribution rate update filing under Illinois formula rate making our utilities required to file annual rate updates to systematically adjust cash flows over time for changes in cost of service and to true up any prior period over or under recovery of such costs. In late June, the ICC staff issued its recommendation which was comparable to Ameren Illinois’ request. And ICC decision is expected in December with new rates expected to be effective in January, 2020. Finally, turning to Page 14, I will summarize. We continue to expect to deliver strong earnings growth in 2019, as we successfully execute our strategy. As we look to the longer term, we continue to expect strong earnings per share growth driven by rate base growth and disciplined financial management. Further, we expect this growth to compare favorably with the growth of our regulated utility peers. In addition, Ameren shares continue to offer investors an attractive dividend. In total, we have an attractive total shareholder return story that we believe compares very favorably to our peers. That concludes my prepared remarks. With that, we now invite your questions.
Operator: At this time, we'll be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Warner Baxter: God morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey good morning.
Warner Baxter: How are you doing?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: How are you?
Warner Baxter: Terrific, thank you. How are you?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Not bad. So maybe just to kick things off, if I can, I'd love to go back to your comments Warner on the terminated agreement with EDF and how you're thinking about next step? And also just to make sure that you've secured your interconnection upgrade costs and firm those up on the other projects as well, do you think this was very much isolated in this project or is this kind of a wider theme that you're seeing in the MISO footprint?
Warner Baxter: Yes, thanks Julien. So a couple of things, number one, yes, with regard to the two projects that we have, the 400 megawatt project and the 300 megawatt project we have the final interconnection costs done. And that the case with the EDF that was only in the second stage so now those other two are done. So now keep in mind for the 400 megawatt project, we have the CCN already and so a well positioned that can move forward on that. We still have to get the interconnection agreement, but we expect that by the fall. And so we don't see any major issues with that. With the 300 megawatt project, as you heard me say, we’re real pleased to get a non-unanimous stipulation with the Missouri Public Service Commission staff.  And so we're well positioned to have that the review by the Missouri Public Service Commission and we look forward to having that in, hopefully a decision by October. So as I step back and look where we're at with the 700 megawatts that we have in place, I think we're very well positioned to get the necessary regulatory approvals and to begin construction in those projects and to get them all in service by the end of 2020.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And just to clarify here, with respect to the initial project that was terminated, your expectation then you'd go back to try to find an alternative project, restructure this project somehow to address some of the transmission costs, however that might ever be possible or perhaps just forego it altogether because obviously as you said, you're ahead of the plan as you initially described anyway.
Warner Baxter: Yes, so good question Julien. So look, the bottom line is, is that with the 700 megawatts now that we've announced, we are in compliance with the Missouri Renewable Energy Standard. So we're well positioned and in fact that's consistent with what we've said at the outset of these conversation and consistent with our integrated resource plan. But like I also said, we continue to look at renewable energy investment opportunities and now I mentioned that the Renewable Choice program certainly will file an updated integrated resource plan next year. So we're not done taking entire renewable energy projects is my message. But with regard to the Missouri Renewable Energy Standard, we will be in compliance with these two projects that we plan on executing next year.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And if you permit me just to follow up here, with respect to transmission once more, we've seen some interesting headlines thus far on the MISO 2019 plans and where those budgets are coming in. Also, I suppose September we're going to see the next round of the draft FY2020. How are you thinking about altogether, transmission spending trajectories, if you can comment at least initially on some of the procedures?
Warner Baxter: Look, this is why I sit here today obviously with regard to the other project. I can't speak to the other projects, I can speak to ours. And as I said a moment ago, all the two projects that we got across the finish line, they were in line with what our estimates were. We certainly don't have visibility to all the projects that are going on in the system. That's certainly something that MISO has the visibility. But what I will say when you talk about broader transmission, you think about all the interconnection agreements and all the things going on here. I do continue to say and believe that when you look to the long-term that there is an opportunity for us as a system in MISO to look at multi-value projects to try and address the transmission matters issues that we see today and the continued desire to put more renewable energy generation on our system. So this is an area of focus as Shawn Schukar and all of our team are working with MISO and many others to be thinking about. We have to get through these interconnection agreements today, but we need to be speaking about those multi-value projects down the road because that's what's going to enhance our overall system prospectively.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Great. Another round of MVP. Excellent. Well, thank you there. I'll leave it.
Warner Baxter: Thank you, Julien.
Operator: Our next question is from Greg Gordon with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Warner Baxter: Good morning, Greg. Good morning, Greg. Greg, you there?
Operator: Greg, are you muted? Greg, you're live with our speaker.
Warner Baxter: Well, let me go to the next question. If Greg can get back into queue, if he jumps back on, please.
Operator: Okay. Our next question is from Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Warner Baxter: Good morning.
Insoo Kim: Thank you. Good morning. Go back to your comments, I just want to clarify – want to make sure I understand regarding the potential solar/battery facilities. Is that something that new or something new that you guys are considering for the CCN? And again, it seems like the timing that you talked about at the end of 2020, kind of matches up with the last 157 megawatts of the other wind but is this potentially to serve as an offset to your plans?
Warner Baxter: So I'm going to let Michael Moehn talk about this exciting project. And so Michael, I know this is part of your Smart Energy plan, so why don’t you talk a little bit about the benefits that he's going to bring to customers.
Michael Moehn: Perfect. Thanks, Warner. Good morning. Yes, so really these three projects that Warner referred to these battery plus storage facilities, there's three projects across the Missouri footprint. And they really are focused primarily on reliability enhancement. So we are making these investments in lieu of investments that we would need to make in sub stations, et cetera, to enhance the reliability on that system. There will be some environmental benefits associated with them. They have some renewable energy credits that come as part of the solar project. So, I mean they – we will account for those, but they really are being driven by economics and reliability thing. We're excited about them, so hopefully more to come there. But as Warner said, we're going to be filing those CCN very, very soon for those two projects.
Warner Baxter: So Insoo, you also had a question in there as to whether this was incremental to our existing plan. They are not incremental. They have been part of our five year plan, part of the smart energy plan. We mentioned these projects as part of our comments because these are innovative technology projects that we're doing on behalf of our customers and certainly have part of the renewable energy space as well.
Marty Lyons: So yes, I think just one important note on that 15% requirement that we have as part of the Missouri Renewable Standard, there is a 2% requirement for solar as well 2% of that 15%. So these will go to satisfy some of that as well.
Insoo Kim: Understood. That's all I had. Thank you.
Warner Baxter: Terrific. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Agha with SunTrust Robinson. Please proceed with your question.
Warner Baxter: Good morning.
Ali Agha: Good morning. First question, can you Marty, give us any more insight to your thinking on how you're planning to fund the wind acquisitions next year? Should we assume for planning purposes that the financing will be next year or any thoughts to any kind of a forward component to get that off the table today, just what’s your latest thought there?
Marty Lyons: Sure, Ali. Good morning. Thanks for the question. Overall, I have to say our financing plans haven't really changed from what we communicated to you and others on the February call and then again on the May call. On the February call, you recall that, we laid out our $13.3 billion five-year capital expenditure plan that included about, at that time $1 billion for wind, today as you heard on the call, it looks like $1.2 billion of wind. And as you also heard, we do feel confident about those projects. We said at that time, of course, and we reiterated May, I should say that our financing plan included equity issuances under our DRIP and our employee benefit plans about a $100 million a year and the issuance of common equity to fund a portion of Ameren Missouri’s wind acquisitions. We believe those two sources of equity, Ali, will allow us to fund the capital expenditure plan while maintaining approximately the same capitalization levels we have currently and our current credit ratings, which as you know, we've worked hard to achieve. So sifting through all that and answer your question, I would say that other than the DRIP and employee benefit plan issuances and with respect to our current capital expenditure plans, we have no plan to equity – external equities other than for these wind projects, which are expected to close next year in the fourth quarter of 2020. So with respect to your question about options, we do have options in terms of accessing the equity markets. We're clearly aware of the ways our peer utilities have approached the equity markets. We're monitoring market conditions and ultimately we'll move forward in the manner that we think is most appropriate given the funding needs. So I think that's what we've got to say on it, I don't think I'll comment beyond that but we recognized the options that we have before us.
Ali Agha: And Marty, can you also remind us, do you still believe there is a further debt capacity at the [indiscernible] company level at this stage for Ameren?
Marty Lyons: Look, we've laid out the financing plans that we have. I think you're aware of the credit ratings that we have overall and where the thresholds are. We've talked about that on prior calls, Moody's, we have a BBB+ and FFO to debt threshold of 13%. At Moody's, Baa1, the threshold is a little bit higher there with a CFO pre-working capital to debt of 17%. And so a little bit – I can say, less cushion there with respect to the Moody's rating. So we're conscious of that. We watch where the credit metrics are. We like those credit ratings, we'd like to hold those credit ratings. And we think about other factors, maintaining a strong balance sheet, positioning these various investments like the wind for success in the regulatory environments. And ultimately, all of that led us to the conclusions that we reached and communicated earlier this year. And as I just repeated that, overall we want to keep our capitalization levels approximately where they're at today at all of our legal entities. And we do plan to fund a portion of these wind investments with equity and we think that's the right balance overall.
Ali Agha: Got it. And my second question related to the 13.3 billion five year plan. I know in the past you all have talked about that the Missouri legislation, incentive, that there was more CapEx potentially you could spend, there was more need for CapEx at Missouri. And I'm just wondering when's the next time you all will update us on the CapEx plans and should we assume that there is potentially upside to this plan that currently is at 13.3 billion.
Marty Lyons: This is Marty and I'll start off in case others want to jump in, but I would say that, traditionally we update our long-term capital expenditure plans in February, on our year end call. As we noted on this call, we put out a $13.3 billion plan this past February. That included $1 billion for wind now we stand at $1.2 billion. So, logically we'd include that in February. And then with respect to further grid modernization, we'll continue to assess that. Last year when we rolled forward our five year plan, we updated our capital expenditures across the board, notably in Missouri, increased our capital expenditure plan excluding the wind about $1.5 billion versus the prior five year plan. So we've incorporated a considerable amount of incremental, infrastructure spending, in that plan. But you're absolutely right in terms of that $1.5 billion, that was only a percentage, a fraction of the overall, potential incremental capital expenditure that we can make, at Ameren Missouri over time. So I don't want to speculate today on what we may or may not add next February, but clearly we have a very large infrastructure, investment pipeline and some great projects incremental to those that we've already put in the current five year plan, incremental projects that we think would bring great value to our customers.
Ali Agha: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gregory Gordon with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Gregory Gordon : Yes. So I know you did talk about the energy infrastructure legislation that I guess has been tabled for the potentially the veto session coming up in the fall. Can you talk about what it is that you specifically would like to see that legislation, accomplish if it does get considered and then also, Vistra had their earnings call earlier today and they've made a proposal with regards to coal to solar plant that I think, is the basically impacts the assets that you sold Dynegy all those years ago. How do you see that even though it doesn't have obviously a direct financial impact at Ameren’s P&L, how do you see that proposal? Do you think it's beneficial overall to your customers? Would you be supportive of it or any other comments you might want to, give us on that topic?
Warner Baxter: Sure. Thanks Greg. This is Warner. So look, I think we've been clear and we'll continue to be clear that our focus has been and will continue to be on passing the grid modernization legislation that supports the extension of formula rates to the 2032. You heard me talk on the call about the significant benefits that it's brought to Illinois in terms of investment, reliability, jobs and still affordable. And so we think, and this is why this has been extended twice and it's why it's received such favorable votes in the committees, in both the Senate and the house. And we're hoping that the legislature takes it up because we think it would be a good thing for the state of Illinois for many years to come. So that's going to continue to be our primary focus. There's no doubt that there are several other legislative proposals being looked at in the state of Illinois. Very, comprehensive, very complex and so the only thing I can say is that Richard Mark and his team are at the table speaking with all these stakeholders trying to sort through all the details, including Vistra's proposal. So it would be premature for me to speculate just exactly where those proposals are, all the pros and the cons. The only thing I can tell you is that they're complicated, they're complex. They're big bills and that, doesn't mean that they won't be considered either in the veto session or next year. The only thing, rest assured we're at the table.
Gregory Gordon : Okay Warner, thank you.
Warner Baxter: Thanks Greg.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sophie Karp with KeyBanc. Please proceed with your question.
Sophie Karp: Hi. Good morning guys.
Warner Baxter: Hello. Morning.
Sophie Karp: So a couple of questions if I may. First, I wanted to follow-up on the solar plus battery projects that you discussed and I was wondering if, you looked at other applications of battery storage technology at this point, maybe replacing picking generation capacity or even addressing the one with some of those transmission interconnection issues that you discussed. Is that a potential solution to transmission interconnection costs?
Warner Baxter: So, Michael, why don't you talk a little bit about this innovative project that we're doing in Missouri and then we can talk a little bit more. Shawn, you can weigh in on some of the things on the transmission side.
Michael Moehn: Yes. Again, these are, exclusively focused on the distribution side. So, again, looked and found places within our system that we need to make some reliability enhancements and combining these two projects together to make those reliability improvements in lieu of traditional sort of substation investments. My sense is, and Sean can comment on this, with respect whether those kind of applications are available on the transmission side as well.
Shawn Schukar: Yeah, this is Shawn, on the transmission side, we do look across the system to see where there are alternatives just like Michael was describing on the distribution side. And, and continue to look for those, as we look for solutions to enable both reliability improvements on the system and those generating generator interconnection.
Warner Baxter: Yes. So look at the bottom line is energy storage is something that we as a company look very carefully at per variety of different reasons. And, and we're pleased that we're – we'll look forward to having a conversation with the stake holders in Missouri on this Missouri project and we're going to continue to kick the tires on energy storage is probably, because this is, as I think we all know the costs continue to come down. There are various applications and so we'll continue to put our innovative efforts forward to see if we can actually do some of these projects for the benefit of our customers.
Sophie Karp: Thank you.
Warner Baxter: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gregg Orrill with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Gregg Orrill: Good morning, Gregg. Thank you. You spoke a little bit about the lag, in between cases on I guess the gaps in the PISA mechanism and I was wondering if it's possible to, scale that impact or quantify it in some way, how you're thinking about it.
Marty Lyons: Yes, Greg, this is Marty. Hey, thanks for the question. I don't know that I have a way to really, scale it, our objective and walking through those piece of mechanics was really just to help you and investors understand some of the nuances of the accounting rate making, because we still do receive a number of questions about it in the context of the need for this current rate review and the next one to incorporate the wins. So, look bottom line is, as you know this piece is really been a big step forward for us in terms of improving the Missouri regulatory framework for infrastructure investment. We've significantly increased our ongoing and planned investment, so it's really terrific. It's really, I guess to say again, there's a small amount of lag in terms of the rate making. That's for the 15% that doesn't get PISA deferrals. And then we have this delayed recognition of equity earnings due to the accounting for the piece of deferrals and that needs to be understood. Today we're booking those, debt returns at about a 5% rate. So, that may help you in terms of some of your modeling, and as we stated, we're going to continue to manage the business in terms of cost management, and regulatory rate reviews to earn as close to the allowed returns as possible. While as I said earlier, being mindful of operating and business needs. So, I think Greg, those are the components that we wanted to communicate and lay out and hopefully you can use that to help with your modeling.
Gregg Orrill: Yes, thank you.
Marty Lyons: You're welcome.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from Neil Kalton with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Neil Kalton: Hi Guys. Good morning. Quick question just to clarify on new wins, so as you're evaluating and thinking about it, so ex the RCP would you will necessarily have to go be a part of the IRP process or not necessarily?
Michael Moehn: Good Morning Neil. It's Michael Moehn, I’ll answer that question. Yes, I think as Warner stated earlier, I mean as we think about the future and think about future opportunities, it's really going to be part of that integrated resource planning process that we have here in the state of Missouri. And so those renewable opportunities will be, considered in the context of that again, we are complying with the Missouri renewable standard with the 700 megawatts and the $1.2 billion investment today. So future investments are really going to be contemplated in the IRP.
Warner Baxter: Neil I'll just add to this and you broke up a little bit at the front-end. Of course, the renewable choice program though is different. That would be outside of, that's a separate program that's been approved by Missouri Public Service Commission. And we already talked about that in the past, so just want to clarify that.
Neil Kalton: Perfect. Thank you.
Warner Baxter: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentleman, we've reached the end of the question-and-answer session. At this time, I'd like to turn the call back to Andrew Kirk for closing comments.
Andrew Kirk: Thank you for participating in this call. A replay of this call will be available for one year on our website. If you have questions, you may call the contacts listed on our earnings release. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference, and you may disconnect your lines at this time. And we thank you for your participation.

===== 2019 Q1  (2019-05-09 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Ameren Corporation's First Quarter 2019 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I will now turn the conference over to your host Andrew Kirk, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Mr. Kirk you may begin.
Andrew Kirk: Thank you and good morning. On the call with me today are Warner Baxter, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Marty Lyons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, as well as other members of the Ameren management team. Warner and Marty will discuss our earnings results and guidance as well as provide a business update. Then we will open the call for questions. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call contains time-sensitive data that's accurate only as of the date of today's call and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning we have posted a presentation on the amereninvestors.com homepage that we will be referenced during this presentation. As noted on page 2 of the presentation comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements including – include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors please read the Forward-looking Statements section in the news release we issued today and the Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors sections in our filings with the SEC. Lastly, all per share earnings amounts discussed during today's presentation including earnings guidance are presented on a diluted basis unless otherwise noted. Now here's Warner who will start on page 4 of our presentation.
Warner Baxter: Thanks Andrew. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Earlier today we announced first quarter 2019 earnings of $0.78 per share compared to $0.62 per share earned in 2018. Year-over-year increase of $0.16 per share reflected the benefits of increased infrastructure investments that will drive significant long-term benefits for our customers. The key drivers of first quarter results are described on this slide. Ameren Illinois Natural Gas earnings increased as a result of higher delivery service rates incorporating increased infrastructure investments and a change in rig design. Increased infrastructure investments also drove higher earnings at Ameren Transmission and Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution each of which benefits from formulaic ratemaking. Ameren Missouri earnings also rose reflecting higher weather-driven electric retail sales and energy efficiency performance incentives that offset the impact of timing differences in 2018 related to federal tax reform. Marty will discuss these and other factors driving the quarterly results in more detail in a moment. I am also pleased to report that we continue to effectively execute our strategic plan and remain on track to deliver within our 2019 earnings guidance range of $3.15 per share to $3.35 per share. Moving to page 5. Here we reiterate our strategic plan which we have been executing very well over the last several years. We expect our plan to continue delivering significant value for our customers and strong long-term earnings growth for shareholders. As you can see on the right side of this page during the first three months of this year we invested significant capital in each of our business segments to better serve our customers. Each segment is carrying out comprehensive grid modernization plans and we continue to believe the pipeline of potential investments remains robust. Of course we remain relentlessly focused on continuous improvement and disciplined cost management to keep rates affordable and earn returns close to the allowed returns in all of our jurisdictions. Moving now to page 6, for an update on our wind generation investment plans to achieve compliance with Missouri's, Renewable Energy Standard and continue to transition our generation portfolio. Ameren Missouri has reached agreements with two developers to acquire after construction up to 557 megawatts of wind generation representing about 80% of our compliance needs under the Missouri Renewable Energy Standard. In early March the Missouri PSC approved our Certificate of Convenience and Necessity Request for the proposed 157-megawatt facility to be located in Northwestern, Missouri. Now 557 megawatts off wind generation have been approved by the Missouri PSC. Additional key milestones for each wind facility are to finalize MISO interconnection costs and obtain transmission interconnection agreements. These two wind generation facilities collectively represent an approximate $1 billion investment and are expected to be in service by the end of 2020. Of course, we are not done. Our team continues to actively negotiate with developers for additional wind generation to comply with the Missouri Renewable Energy Standard. Any additional investments in wind generation will be incremental to the five-year capital and rate-base growth plan discussed on our call in February. We remain confident in our ability to complete these negotiations, obtain necessary regulatory approvals and have these facilities constructed in a timely fashion. We believe these investments will deliver clear long-term benefits to our customers, the communities we serve and the environment. Moving now to page seven and an update on Illinois business activities. Today, there was legislation pending in both the House of Representatives and the Senate of the Illinois General Assembly that would extend the Illinois Energy Infrastructure Modernization Act beyond the December 2022 sunset date and continue performance metrics and energy assistance programs to low-income consumers. Since 2012, this constructive electric regulatory framework included in this legislation has supported significant investment to modernize the energy grid. Ameren Illinois has installed hundreds of miles of storm-resistent utility poles and power lines along with advanced technology that detects service disruptions and immediately reroutes power. In addition, more than one million smart meters are providing customers with enhanced energy usage data and access to programs to help them save on their energy bills. These investments have contributed to a 20% overall improvement in reliability since 2012. In addition, our investments in infrastructure enabled by this constructive energy policy have created approximately 1400 new jobs in Illinois. Finally, we've been able to make all of these investments and create jobs while keeping customer rates well below the Midwest and national averages. We expect that all-in 2020 residential electric rates for customers taking delivery and energy supply from Ameren Illinois will be lower by approximately 1% since electric formula ratemaking began in 2012, even after incorporating substantial infrastructure investments made for the benefit of customers and the communities we serve. With these benefits in mind, I am pleased to report that House Bill 3152 which would extend the formula rate framework for 10 years from 2022 to 2032 passed the public utilities committee in mid-April. This Bill is now pending before the full House of Representatives. House Bill 2080 awaits action by the full Senate. If either of these bills is enacted, it will help to ensure that Illinois continues to be one of the leading states for grid modernization. Policymakers have already extended formula rates twice since 2012 and we are focused on working with key stakeholders to get this important legislation passed this year. In addition, there are several other legislative proposals that we are monitoring. As you would expect, we're carefully analyzing these proposals and engaging with key stakeholders with an eye towards ensuring that any changes to state energy policy are in the best long-term interest of Ameren Illinois customers. The legislative session ends on May 31. Moving to page 8. To sum of our value proposition, we believe that the execution of our strategy in 2019 and beyond will continue to deliver superior value to our customers and shareholders. In February, we rolled forward our five-year growth plan which included our expectation of 6% to 8% compound annual earnings per share growth for the 2018 to 2023 period using 2018 weather-normalized core earnings per share as a base. This earnings growth is primarily driven by an expected 8% compound annual rate base growth over the same period. Our strong earnings growth expectation positions us well for future dividend growth. Of course, future dividend decisions will be driven by earnings growth in addition to cash flows and other business conditions. Together, we believe our strong earnings growth outlook combined with our solid dividend which currently provides a yield of approximately 2.7%, results in a very attractive total return opportunity for shareholders. Now before I turn the call over to Marty, I would like to mention two recent and important additions to our disclosures on environmental, social and governance matters. First, in March, we published a report called Building a Cleaner Energy Future. This report outlines how we are effectively managing and balancing climate-related risks. And just last week, we issued our annual Corporate Social Responsibility Report. Both reports are available at amereninvestors.com. I would also like to call your attention two slides in the appendix of our presentation today dedicated to environmental, social and governance matters. Again, thank you all for joining us today. And I'll now turn the call over to Marty. Marty?
Marty Lyons: Thank you, Warner and good morning everyone. Turning now to page 10 of our presentation. Today, we reported first quarter 2019 earnings of $0.78 per share compared to earnings of $0.62 per share for the year-ago quarter. The key factors that drove the overall $0.16 per share increase are highlighted by segment on this page. Earnings for Ameren Illinois Natural Gas were up $0.05 reflecting higher delivery service rates that were effective in November 2018 incorporating increased infrastructure investments and a higher allowed ROE as well as a change in rate design. The first quarter 2019 benefit from the change in rate design is not expected to impact full year results. Earnings for Ameren Transmission and Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution were up $0.03 and $0.02 respectively reflecting increased infrastructure investments. Ameren Missouri, our largest segment reported earnings that were also up though slightly. The results reflected higher electric retail sales due in part to colder winter temperatures in 2019 compared to the year-ago period, which contributed approximately $0.03 per share as well as recognition of MIA performance incentives related to the 2013 and 2016 energy efficiency plans, which contributed $0.05 per share. These favorable factors offset $0.08 of timing differences in 2018 between income tax expense and revenue reductions related to federal tax reform. These timing differences will impact 2019 quarterly earnings comparisons, but are not expected to impact the full year comparison. Finally, Ameren Parent and Other results increased $0.06 reflecting a lower effective tax rate, primarily due to tax benefits associated with share-based compensation and timing of income tax expense. This income tax expense item is not expected to impact full year results. Before moving on let me briefly cover electric sales trends for Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution for the first three months of this year compared to the first three months of last year. Weather-normalized kilowatt-hour sales to Missouri residential and commercial customers on a combined basis increased about 1% excluding the effects of our Missouri energy efficiency plan under MIA. Kilowatt-hour sale to Missouri industrial customers decreased 3% after excluding the effects of our energy efficiency plan. We exclude MIA effects, because the plan provides rate recovery to ensure that earnings are not affected by reduced electric sales resulting from our energy efficiency efforts. Weather-normalized kilowatt-hour sales to Illinois residential and commercial customers on a combined basis decreased about 1.5% and kilowatt-hour sales to Illinois industrial customers decreased 2%. Recall that changes in electric sales in Illinois no matter the cause did not affect our earnings, since we have full revenue decoupling. Moving to page 11 of our presentation. I would now like to briefly touch on key drivers impacting our 2019 earnings guidance. We're off to a solid start in 2019 and as Warner stated, we continue to expect 2019 diluted earnings to be in a range of $3.15 to $3.35 per share. Select earnings considerations for the balance of the year are listed on this page and are supplemental to the key drivers and assumptions discussed on our earnings call in February. I will note that our second quarter earnings comparison will be negatively impacted at Ameren Missouri by the return to normal weather and the spring 2019 Callaway refueling and maintenance outage. Together, these two items are expected to reduce second quarter earnings by approximately $0.30 per share year-over-year. I encourage you to take this into consideration as you develop your expectations for our second quarter earnings results. In addition, we expect the first quarter timing differences related to income tax expense in Ameren Missouri and Ameren Parent to cause quarterly variations for the balance of the year. However, they are not expected to impact the full year earnings comparison. Moving now to page 12 for a discussion of select regulatory matters. Last Friday Ameren Missouri provided a 60-day notice to the Missouri Public Service Commission of its intention to file for an electric rate review, which we plan to file as early as July. Some of the key drivers of this rate review include increased infrastructure investments and other costs of service, and it will incorporate lower coal and transportation expenses into base rates. Base rates were last reset, April 1 2017 and are required to be reset at least every four years to allow for continued use of the fuel adjustment clause. This filing will allow us to meet that requirement and provide flexibility to time our next rate review to include our wind generation investments. We will provide additional information when we file and won't go into any further details today. Our goal remains to invest in energy infrastructure to improve customer service and satisfaction while keeping rates affordable and keeping earned returns close to the allowed returns in all of our jurisdictions. Moving to Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution regulatory matters, last month we made our required annual electric distribution rate update filing, requesting a $7 million base rate decrease. Under Illinois' formula ratemaking, Ameren Illinois is required to file annual rate updates to systematically adjust cash flows over time for changes in cost to service and to true-up any prior period over or under recovery of such costs. The ICC will review the matter in the months ahead with a decision expected in December of this year and new rates effective early next year. Turning to page 13, for Ameren Transmission there have been recent developments that may impact the base allowed ROE from MISO transmission owners. In November 2018, the FERC issued an order in the MISO ROE complaint cases proposing a new methodology for determining the base allowed ROE. The MISO transmission owners, including Ameren filed initial briefs and reply briefs regarding the proposed new methodology. We believe the FERC proposed methodology with certain modifications, would be an improvement over the existing approach. In addition, in March the FERC issued two notices of inquiry regarding transmission ROEs and incentives. The base ROE notice of inquiry broadens stakeholder input beyond the parties to ongoing complaint cases. The transmission incentives notice of inquiry seeks comments on FERC's electric transmission incentives policy. We are unable to predict the timing and ultimate impact of the proposed ROE methodology on the complaint cases or the notices of inquiry at this time. Finally, turning to page 14 I will summarize. We expect to deliver strong earnings growth in 2019 as we successfully execute our strategy. As we look to the longer term, we continue to expect strong earnings per share growth driven by rate base growth and disciplined financial management. Further, we expect this growth to compare favorably with the growth of our regulated utility peers. In addition, Ameren shares continue to offer investors an attractive dividend. In total, we have an attractive total shareholder return story that we believe compares very favorably to our peers. That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith from Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Warner Baxter: Good morning, Julien.
Nick Campanella: Hey. Good morning. This is actually Nick Campanella on for Julien today.
Warner Baxter: Hey, Nick. How are you doing?
Nick Campanella: Hey, good and I hope you guys are doing well too.
Warner Baxter: We are. Thank you.
Nick Campanella: Just to kick it off here. I know that you guys mentioned in your prepared remarks, the Missouri rate review is for the timing of some of these wind investments and whatnot, but just given you have the RESRAM there and then also the PISA, and the fact that the fuel tracker, it implies that it doesn't need to be renewed until 2021. I guess the question is why now?
Marty Lyons: Yeah, sure, Nick. This is Marty. Thanks for the question. So as we said on the call, we do plan to file for an electric rate case as early as July. Recall that we've been saying for a while that we expected to file between May 1 of this year 2019 and May 1, 2020. We really have to file before May 1 of 2020 in order to keep the fuel adjustment clause. And, of course, our rate case when you think about it, Missouri typically takes 11 months and only allows for rate base true-ups to a date about six months post-filing. So those are some considerations or constraints when you think about the timing of these cases and you think about the wind assets being completed in late 2020. So in any event as we said on the call, the file in July allows us to do a couple of things; updates rates for infrastructure investments and other cost of service that have changed over the past few years and incorporate these lower coal and transportation costs into base rates; and then number two, it provides us flexibility around the timing of that next rate review to include the wind. A couple things to note related to your question. I mean, our last rate update was in April of 2017. It was based on a 3/31/16 test year with the true-up to 12/31/16 so it has been a few years. And, of course, the PISA that we began to use late in 2018, again didn't apply to any rate base infrastructure investments made before that date. So those types of things would be picked up in this base rate increase. With regard to your prospective question on the wind assets, I mean you're right. The PISA and RESRAM will allow investors to make sure that they're whole in terms of the return on the wind. But as you might recall both the cash and the recognition of a full equity return will not be recognized until after a subsequent rate review. So including those wind assets in a rate review will be important in that regard.
Nick Campanella: That was very clear. I appreciate it. I guess just on financing the plan. I think everyone saw Moody's come out with a lower floated debt target at the parent. Has this changed your equity need for the wind CapEx at all in your mind?
Marty Lyons: Yeah. Nick thanks again for the question. So, look the bottom line answer to your question is, no. We still feel like the financing plans we talked about on the second quarter call are appropriate. You recall that as it relates to equity that includes issuing equity through our dividend reinvestment employee benefit plans over the course of the next five years, it's about $100 million per year. And then also incremental common equity issuance to fund a portion of our ultimate total wind investment. And so those are the plans that we have and we're going to stick with those. I appreciate your question about the Moody's action though. Just one consideration amongst the number when we think about financing our business going forward, we were pleased with the action Moody's took. For those on the call, you'll recall that our Ameren Corp. issuer rating at S&P is a BBB+ with a stable outlook. There we have an FFO-to-debt threshold of 13%. At Moody's we have a BAA1 issuer rating with -- also with a stable outlook. And there's where as Nick points out, Moody's lowered the threshold on the cash flows from operations pre-working capital to total debt. They lowered that threshold from 19% to 17%. So we are pleased that Moody's took that action. We believe it brings us that threshold closer in line with our peers. And certainly it does provide us some more flexibility with regard to financing within that range. But again it's just one consideration that we think about when we look at financing the business. We've always looked to maintain very strong balance sheets. On our call in February we said, one of our expectations over the next five years was to be able to maintain capitalization structures similar to those that existed at year-end and as existed March 31. And we seek to make sure that as we carry out these infrastructure investments including the wind that we position those for success in the regulatory proceedings that follow. So there are lot of things that we take into consideration but bottom line is we expect the financing plan we laid out in February to continue to be our plan going forward.
Nick Campanella: Hey, thanks a lot. I’ll leave it there. Congrats on a strong quarter.
Marty Lyons: Thanks, Nick.
Warner Baxter: Have a good day.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Insoo Kim from Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Insoo Kim: Hey, good morning. Just one question on the wind investments. Maybe just a quick update on beyond the 700 megawatts that you guys plan to have by the end of 2020. Have your strategy or outlook changed on the incremental megawatts through the 2023 planning horizon?
Warner Baxter: Good morning, Insoo. How are you doing?
Insoo Kim: Good.
Warner Baxter: I appreciate the question. This is Warner. No, the bottom line is, no. As we said before we are focused on obtaining at least 700 megawatts of additional wind generation. And as I said on the call a moment ago, we continue to negotiate with developers for that additional wind generation. And we remain confident in our ability not only to negotiate successfully with those developers, but also to move through the regulatory approval process and get the facilities constructed in a timely fashion. So while we like to point to 700 megawatts, I mean we're very pleased with the fact that as we sit here today we have 557 megawatts not only negotiated, but approved by the Missouri Public Service Commission. So Michael Moehn and his team have worked effectively with stakeholders to get those deals across the finish line from an approval perspective. And so we look forward to bringing more to the Missouri Public Service Commission in the future. Keeping in mind as you I'm sure understand that trying to find projects that fit just nicely into 700 megawatts that just is not likely just because projects don't come in sort of byte sizes. And so as we look forward we'll look forward to the next deal to get done in a timely fashion and get it across the finish line.
Insoo Kim: Yes, that's clear. And then in terms of the rate case filing. Beyond this rate case cycle and given the different mechanisms you do have in place like PISA and RESRAM is it -- should we expect the next timing of the Missouri rate case to be at least two to three years down the line to meet the every 4-year requirement? Or could we see a potential filing sooner than that?
A – Marty Lyons: Yes. This is Marty again. Look, we'd like to have as much time as possible between rate case filings. As I mentioned, it's this next one we plan to file this next rate review in July would represent three years between the last one and this one and is somewhat being driven by the infrastructure investments made prior to PISA, but also driven by as I mentioned earlier the expected timing of our wind investments and the timing of the next rate case. So I wouldn't read anything into that other than what we've laid out in terms of future cycles or periods of time between cases. Again we said many times that the fuel adjustment clause does require us to file for rate reviews at least every four years. So I would say four years or less, but we'd like to make the period as great as possible frankly.
Insoo Kim: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: Good morning guys. Just on Illinois. As you know there's a legislation -- there's lot of legislative activity I guess going on there with both the utilities and non-utilities or budgetary related kind of issues. And I'm just wondering sort of how you see the politics sort of working there procedurally? And whether or not the EIMA extension bill might get wrapped in with others? Or just sort of how you see all that stuff sort of unfolding? And sort of just in general the I know you guys don't own generation in Illinois, but just how you look at the capacity procurement legislation vis-à-vis potential -- just how it might influence you or just your thoughts on that if you'd like to opine on that?
Warner Baxter: Sure Paul. This is Warner and I invite Richard Mark to add anything after I offer some of these comments. Look talking about the EIMA provision -- or the modernization act that we've been talking about that I referred to in my talking points.  Look we certainly can't predict what happens here over the next several weeks. But the only thing we can say about that legislation is that, it has produced significant benefits for all stakeholders. Our customers the state of Illinois and certainly our shareholders and I've outlined those benefits in terms of reliability, affordability, job creation and really driving a more modernized grid in Illinois. So as a result when we think about what might happen here over the next several weeks, the fact that that legislation or that policy has been so strong and has been extended twice that puts us in a good position. We believe for legislators to take notice that this is something that we want to continue. And so I think this is why you saw the strong votes in the committee and Rich and his team has done a great job with many other stakeholders to position two bills, one in the House and one in the Senate to move forward. So we can't predict right now where they stand. They stand with nothing else on them. And certainly we will -- hopefully that will -- the way it will continue here over the next several weeks. As you said before, you're right. There are several legislative proposals in Illinois that relate to what I would call energy policy. And look I think our vested interest in all of those bills is what the impact could be on our customers. And so we are at the table working with stakeholders to make sure that our customer’s best interest are being looked out for. Now I'm not going to comment on any particular piece of legislation at this point. Yes there is certainly legislation out there related to the capacity markets, related principally to Exelon, but it's just -- it's too uncertain to see just exactly where they may or may not be here over the next several weeks and/or in a veto session. So Richard I highlighted at a very high level. Is there anything else that you would like to add?
Richard Mark: Thanks, Warner. I thought you covered it really good, but I would just add that as you said the policymakers have seen this legislation twice. Many of them have voted on extending it twice. They've seen the job creation that formula rates have brought to the state of Illinois and the value of it. So they're familiar with it and I think that's a benefit as they look at it going forward.
Warner Baxter : I agree. Thank you.
Paul Patterson: But let's just say for whatever reason because there are lots of I mean going beyond the merits of the legislation just -- if it does for whatever reason shocking or not that it may be that they don't get to this session if it goes to the veto session or next could it be addressed -- is there any timing issue that we should be concerned about if it doesn't get past this legislation? I mean this session.
Warner Baxter: Yes, Paul. So look I think as I said, this legislative session ends on May 31. And so as you know in Illinois it is possible that legislation can be passed during the veto session. And so while that's the case look I'll tell you that Rich and his team are focused on getting this important legislation passed this legislative session not the veto session. And so for all the reasons before we were hopeful that that will happen. And if it gets to the veto session look we'll just cross that bridge if and when we come to it but right now we're very focused on getting this across the line this veto session by May 31.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Great. And then just on the Missouri rate case. Can you give us any sort of rough sense as to how much you might be seeking or just – I mean, know it's early but you guys have filed noticed. It's going to be a couple of months before we're going to get the full details but is there any rough sense you want to give to us as to what the impact can be on that?
Marty Lyons : Paul, this is Marty. No. We'll make that filing and let it speak for itself. I mean I think we gave you some of the broad outline of what it will include which is not only the increased rate base and infrastructure investments over the past few years and changes in cost of service, but also noted that it will also incorporate in the base rates the lower coal and transportation costs which we've begun to realize over the past year. And so those are some of the broad things that will be included but no further specificity at this time.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Great. Thanks so much, guys.
Marty Lyons : Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Rice from Suntenise [ph]. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, guys. Congrats on a good call. Most of my questions have been answered. Just really quickly this rate case is it going to include the wind the 557 megawatts?
- Martin Lyons : Greg, it's Marty. No, it would not. I mean again that's -- I mentioned it as the key consideration because in this case it won't. The wind won't be included in the rate review until it's actually in service. And so it's a key consideration on why we're filing now to provide visibility in terms of the next rate review to be able to pick up that wind investment once it's placed in service which again we expect to be in late 2020.
Michael Moehn : Yes. I would just note -- this is Michael Moehn. I mean the true-up period with respect to this case assuming it's filed in July would be most likely through the end of 2019.
Unidentified Analyst: Gotcha. Perfect. And then just any update on kind of how negotiations are going on the incremental wind?
Warner Baxter: So, Michael, I noted -- this is Warner, I noted a little bit before that we're negotiating with developers. And any particular insights you want to offer at this point in time?
Marty Lyons: No. I'll just echo what you said is that we remain confident that we're going to get this done. We're very focused on it, making good progress and very focused on making sure that we meet the renewable standard by the end of 2020.
Warner Baxter: And to your point, look, I think Mike and his team have been working very hard to make sure we get the best deal for our customers, right? This is why we want to make sure we're thoughtful about it. Of course, we're mindful of 2020 and we're confident getting that done. We want to get the best deal for our customers and so that's exactly what we're doing.
Unidentified Analyst: Perfect. Thank you.
Warner Baxter: Thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Ashar Khan from Verition. Please proceed with your question.
Warner Baxter: Good morning, Mr. Ashar.
Ashar Khan: Hi. How are you doing, Warner? Good earnings.
Warner Baxter: Thank you. Thank you. 
Ashar Khan: Can I just ask you -- just wanted to -- you laid down the factors for the remaining three quarters. So, can you just talk a little bit about the O&M? O&M was to be a little bit lower this year, Marty, and I wanted to check how that went versus the first quarter? Or are most of those savings going to come in the last three quarters?
Marty Lyons: Yeah. Ashar, thanks for the question. You're absolutely right. So we guided at the beginning of the year when we talked about 2019 that excluding the impacts of the Callaway refueling and maintenance outage that we expected lower operations and maintenance expenses about $0.05 year-over-year from 2018 to 2019. And Ashar, we're tracking well against that expectation. You will recall that last year some of those higher O&M costs did come in the latter part of the year associated with some outages at non-nuclear plants as well as other costs. So my recollection is those were kind of back-end loaded last year but we are on track to achieve that $0.05 year-over-year improvement.
Ashar Khan: Okay. Okay. Thank you. Thank you so much. 
Warner Baxter: Thank you, Ashar. 
Marty Lyons: Thank you, Ashar.
Operator: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session and I will now turn the call back to management for closing remarks.
Andrew Kirk: Thank you for participating in the call. A replay of this call will be available for one year on our website. If you have questions, you may call contacts listed on our earnings release. Financial inquiries should be directed to me, Andrew Kirk. Media should call Erin Davis. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren. Have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference and you may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q4  (2019-02-14 10:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Ameren Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Andrew Kirk, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Kirk. You may begin.
Andrew Kirk: Thank you and good morning. On the call with me today are Warner Baxter, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Marty Lyons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer as well as other members of the Ameren management team. Warner and Marty will discuss our earnings results and guidance as well as provide a business update. Then we will open the call for questions. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call contains time-sensitive data that's accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on the amereninvestors.com homepage that will be referenced by our speakers. As noted on Page 2 of the presentation, comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as Forward-Looking Statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the Forward-Looking Statement section in the news release we issued today and the Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors sections in our filings with the SEC. Lastly, all our per share earnings amounts discussed today during today's presentation including earnings guidance are presented on a diluted basis unless otherwise noted. Now here's Warner, who will start on Page 4 of the presentation.
Warner Baxter: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us. Earlier today, we announced 2018 core earnings of $3.37 per share compared to $2.83 per share earned in 2017. Marty will discuss the drivers of our 2018 results in few minutes. I'd like to highlight some key accomplishments that are indicative of our team's strong performance in 2018 and importantly that will position Ameren for success in years ahead. As you can see from this slide, we were very busy in 2018. 2018 marked another year of solid earnings growth driven by the successful execution of our strategy across all of our businesses. Our strategy is to invest in rate-regulated energy infrastructure continuously improve operating performance and adequate responsible energy policies to deliver superior customer and shareholder value. Our customers are at the center of our strategy. Simply put, we're focused on meeting our customer's energy needs and exceeding their expectations and in so doing, delivering superior shareholder value. With these objectives in mind, we made $2.3 billion of investments in 2018 it resulted in a more reliable, resilient and secure energy grid. As well as strong rate base growth and we were pleased to be able to pass onto customers in a very timely fashion, the savings from the lower federal income tax rate. In 2018, we also achieved constructive outcomes in many regulatory proceedings that will help drive additional investments for the benefit of customers and shareholders. I was also pleased by the fact, that many of these constructive regulatory outcomes were supported by strong collaboration with key stakeholders which ultimately resulted in agreements on the key issues. In our Illinois businesses, we received approval from the Illinois Commerce Commission on our electric delivery and natural gas rate reviews consistent with our request. In addition, we were pleased with the FERC's decision to allow for 50 basis point ROE incentive adder for Mark Twain due to the unique nature of the risks involved in that project. We also received approvals for several Ameren Missouri customer focus program including the third energy efficiency plan as well as renewable choice and community solar programs both of which will allow customers to work with Ameren Missouri to procure greater levels of renewable energy in a cost effective manner. We see these achievements as a big win for our customers and the environment, yet our biggest achievements in 2018, related to the significant progress we made in advancing energy policy to support significant increment electric grid modernization investments in Missouri as well as the progress we made in responsibly transitioning to a cleaner, more diverse generation portfolio with the announcement of significant investments in Missouri. The enactment of Senate Bill 564 marks a step changes in Missouri's energy policy to enable investment to modernize the energy grid and drive economic development in the state. And our planned acquisition of at least 700 megawatts of wind generation consistent with Missouri's renewable energy standard will drive significant incremental investments in renewable energy. I will cover both of these important strategic opportunities in more details shortly. The bottom line is, we now have constructive regulatory frameworks in all of our jurisdiction which allows us to allocate significant amounts of much needed investment to each of our business segments by the benefit of our customers, the communities we serve and our shareholders. As I said a few minutes ago, we accomplished a great deal in the execution of our strategy in 2018 with regard to significant long-term value for all of our stakeholders. I think it's important to note, that our team's strong execution of our strategy in 2018 was not an aberration. As you can see on Page 5 of our presentation, we have been laser focused on executing the same strategy for the last five years. Our successful execution of this strategy has transformed our business mix deliver significant value to our customers and shareholders. Position the company for success in the years ahead. In particular, consistent with regulatory frameworks the supported investment in energy infrastructure we invested approximately $10 billion over the last five years. Slide 5, highlights some of the investments we've made during this period. Since 2013, we've improved the safety and reliability of our electric and natural gas systems, improved the efficiency of our energy centers, enhanced our environmental footprint and strengthened our cyber security posture. At the same time our relentless focus on disciplined cost management has kept our electric rates affordable and very competitive. As they remain well below the Midwest and national average. We've also been very active and successful and working collaboratively with key stakeholders in Missouri and Illinois on implementing constructive energy policies in all of our jurisdictions to support ongoing and future investment in energy infrastructure. And we've been capitalizing new opportunities for our investment most notably those associated with transmission projects and plan when generation in Missouri. All of these actions when taken together resulted in the successful execution of our strategy which will deliver significant value to our customers and shareholders. Our investments over the last five years have driven robust, compound annual rate base growth of approximately 8%, that growth coupled with improved earned returns drove a strong compound annual earnings per share growth of more than 7% over the same period. We also grew our common dividend during this time period and improved our overall business risk profile. Combined these actions also resulted in strong total shareholder returns over the same five-year period. I want to be clear, we do not take these results for granted. Achieving these results require a great deal of hard work, persistence and team effort. Why I'm pleased with what we've accomplished I'm even more excited about the fact that the execution of our strategy has positioned us very well to continue to deliver superior customer and shareholder value in the future. Which brings me to Page 6 of our presentation and discussion of our earnings growth expectations for the next five years. We expect our 2019 earnings per share to be in the range of $3.15 to $3.35 per share. Earnings within this range will deliver strong growth again in 2019, as the midpoint of this guidance represents nearly 7% earnings per share growth compared to 2018 weather normalized core results. Marty will provide you with more details on our 2019 guidance a bit later. [Indiscernible] our robust earnings growth over the past several years I'm also pleased to announce that we have rolled forward our long-term guidance. Last February, we guided to our 5% to 7% compound annual earnings per share growth rate for the 2017 to 2022 period. For the 2018 to 2023 period, we've increased that range and now expect strong 6% to 8% compound annual earnings per share growth using 2018 weather normalized core earnings of $3.05 per share as base. This base excludes Ameren Missouri's estimated favorable weather, impact of $0.32 per share from 2018 core earnings per share of $3.37. This long-term earnings growth outlook was driven by continued execution of our strategy including investing in infrastructure for the benefits of customers while keeping rates affordable. This outlook also accommodates a range of treasury rates, sales growth, spending levels and regulatory developments. And of course, earnings growth in any individual year will be impacted by the timing of capital expenditures, regulatory rate reviews, Callaway refueling and maintenance outages, and weather, among other factors. I would also note that Callaway refueling outage is scheduled for 2023. In contrast, we did not have a Callaway refueling outage in 2018. We believe the best way to assess our long-term earnings growth is to normalize for the timing of Callaway refueling costs as well as weather impacts. That said, our earnings guidance range accommodates the inclusion or exclusion of 2023 Callaway refueling outage cost. Turning now to Page 7, we expect to grow our rate base in an approximately 8% compound annual rate for the 2018 through 2023 period. Our plan includes allocating significant capital to all four of our business segments as they now all have - operating jurisdictions with constructive regulatory frameworks for our investments. This is reflected in the expected rate base growth for each of these businesses as noted in the graph on the right side of this page. Importantly, our five-year earnings and rate base growth projections include significant investments to modernize the electric grid, as set forth in Ameren Missouri's Smart Energy Plan which we follow with Missouri PSE earlier this morning. Enabled by the enactment of Senate Bill 564, the Smart Energy Plan includes $6.3 billion of investment over the next five years with a specific focus on modernizing the grid and acquiring renewable wind generation. Specifically, it includes approximately $1 billion of Ameren Missouri's wind generation investment related to the announced bill transfer agreements for up to 557 megawatts. The incremental grid modernization and announced wind generation investments increased Ameren Missouri's compound annual rate base growth of 3.5% and last year's five-year plan to 7.8% and our five-year plan announced today. It is important to note, that any additional wind generation investments would be incremental to this capital plan. And our plan continues to call for our investment and at least 700 megawatts of wind generation. Finally, we remain relentlessly focused on continuous improvement and disciplined cost management to keep rates affordable and keep earned returns close to the allowed returns in all of our jurisdictions. Moving now to Page 8, as previously noted today Ameren Missouri filed its Smart Energy Plan with the Missouri Public Service Commission driven by the enactment of constructive legislation in 2018. This five-year plan includes significant investments to modernize the energy grid and enhance how customers receive and consume electricity, while at the same time keeping electric rate stable and predictable. Constructive energy policies have driven similar investments and benefits and adding thousands of new jobs to the State's economy while also keeping customer rates affordable. Ameren Missouri's Smart Energy Plan filing includes a five-year capital investment overview with a detailed one-year plan for 2019 and sets forth the improvements and upgrades to modernize the energy grid infrastructure to benefit customers and offer more tools to manage their energy usage. Upgrades and reliability, resilience and service throughout Ameren Missouri's 24,000 square mile service territory are the foundation of the plan that includes more than 2,000 electric infrastructure improvements projects across the state. This plan also includes major renewable energy projects to continue the transition to a cleaner generation portfolio and a responsible fashion for our customers. This slide highlights several key elements of the five-year Smart Energy Plan. The Smart Energy Plan meets our customer's desire for stable and predictable rates. A smarter energy grid that is even more reliable, resilient and secure. New sources of clean energy and greater tools to manage their energy usage. In addition to the 6.1% rate decrease last August for the lower federal income tax rate. Customers will also benefit from a rate freeze until April 2020 and a 2.85% compound annual cap on electric rate increases from April 1, 2017 to December 31, 2023. Several cost reductions opportunities are expected to provide headroom to stay under this rate cap including the benefit of tax reform, lower fuel and transportation cost. Refinancing long-term debt at lower rates and expected O&M savings through technological improvements and disciplined cost control. In addition, we will seek to drive greater economic development in Missouri with a meaningful incentive rate enabled by Senate Bill 564 for new or expanding large energy users. We look forward to working the Commission and other key stakeholders to implement the benefits of the Smart Energy Plan as we transform the energy rate of today to power the quality of life and build a brighter energy future for generations to come. Moving now to Page 9, for an update on our wind generation investment plans to achieve compliance with Missouri's renewable energy standard and continue to transition our generation portfolio. Today I'm pleased with the progress we've made to pursue ownership of at least 700 megawatts of wind generation by 2020. Specifically, Ameren Missouri has reached agreements with two developers to acquire after construction of the 557 megawatts of wind generation representing about 80% of our compliance needs. The proposed 400-megawatt facility to be located in Northeast Missouri was approved by the Missouri PSE last October and when built, will be the largest ever in the state. The next key milestone is the MISO transmission interconnection agreement which is expected in the fall of 2019. For the proposed 157-megawatt facility to be located in Northwest Missouri, a non-unanimous stipulation and agreement was reached earlier this month with the Missouri PSU staff and other parties on our CCM request. The Missouri PSU decision is expected by May 1 of this year representing approximately $1 billion investment and are expected to be in service by the end of 2020. Of course, we're not done. Our team continues to actively negotiate with several developers for additional win generation. And as I noted earlier, any additional investments in wind generation will be incremental to the capital and rate base growth plan I discussed previously. We remain confident in our ability to complete these negotiations, obtain necessary regulatory approvals and have these facilities constructed in a timely fashion. We believe these investments will clear, long-term benefits to our customers, the environment and the communities we serve. Turning now to Page 10, as we look to the future the successful execution of our five-year plan is not only focused on delivering strong results through 2023 but is also designed to position Ameren for success for the next decade and beyond. We believe that the energy grid will be increasingly important as we expect Ameren and our industry to be critical enablers of advancing technologies that will bring even greater value to our customers, the communities we serve and our shareholders. With this long-term view in mind, we're making investments though positioned to meet our customer's future energy needs and rising expectations, support increased electrification of the transportation sector and other industrial processes and provide safe and reliable natural gas services. Right side of this page, shows that our allocation of capital is expected to grow our energy delivery businesses to approximately three quarters of our rate base by the end of 2023. In addition to focusing on investments in the energy grid, we're also committed to transitioning Ameren Missouri's generation to a cleaner, more diverse portfolio in a responsible fashion. Ameren Missouri's pursuit of at least 700 megawatts of wind by 2020 combined with the scheduled retirement of Meramec coal-fired energy center in 2022 reflects this continued commitment. As a result, our investment in coal and gas-fired generation is expected to be a combined 11% of rate base by year end 2023. The bottom line is that we're taking steps today across the board to position Ameren for success in 2019. The next five years. The next decade and beyond. Moving to Page 11, to sum up our value proposition we remain firmly convinced that the execution of our strategy in 2019 and beyond will deliver superior value to our customers and shareholders. We believe the rate base and related earnings per share growth rates I just discuss compare very favorably with those of our regulated utility peers and I'm confident in our ability to execute our investment plans and strategies because we now have all four of our business segments operating with constructive regulatory frameworks to support investment. That fact, coupled with our sustained past execution of our strategy on many fronts has positioned us well for future success. Further our shares continue to offer investors a solid dividend. In the fourth quarter of last year, Ameren's Board of Directors express its confidence in our long-term growth plan by increasing the dividend by approximately 4%, the fifth consecutive year with a dividend increase. For 2018, our dividend payout based on weather normalized earnings was in the lower half of our expected payout range of between 55% and 70% of annualized earnings. Our strong earnings growth expectation outlined today positions us well for future dividend growth. Of course, future dividend decisions will be driven by earnings growth in addition to cash flows and other business conditions. Together, we believe our strong earnings growth outlook combined with our solid dividend which currently provides a yield of approximately 3% results in a very attractive total return opportunity for shareholders. Again, thank you all for joining us today. Now I'll turn the call over to Marty.
Marty Lyons: Thanks Warren and good morning, everyone. Turning now to Page 13 of our presentation. Today we reported 2018 GAAP earnings of $3.32 per share compared to GAAP earnings of $2.14 per share for the prior year. As outlined in the table on this page excluding the 2018 and 2017 non-core non-cash charges for the revaluation of deferred taxes of $0.05 and $0.69 per share respectively. Ameren reported core earnings of $3.37 per share for 2018 compared to core earnings of $2.83 per share for 2017. Turning to Page 14, we highlight by segment the key factors that drove the overall $0.54 per share increase in 2018 core earnings compared to 2017 results. Ameren Missouri, our largest segment and also the largest driver of the year-over-year earnings increase experienced an increase of $0.50 per share from $1.48 per share in 2017 to $1.98 per share in 2018. This earnings improvement was largely driven by higher electric retail sales which contributed approximately $0.42 per share. The higher electric sales were primarily due to warmer summer and colder winter temperatures in 2018 compared to near normal summer and milder winter temperatures in the year ago period. In addition, the earnings improvement was higher electric service rates effective April 1, 2017 as well as the absence in 2018 of a Callaway energy center nuclear refueling and maintenance outage. Each contributed approximately $0.09 per share to 2018 compared to 2017. These favorable earnings drivers were partially offset by a planned increase in other operations and maintenance expenses primarily reflecting higher than normal scheduled non-nuclear plant outages, increased routine maintenance work and additional distribution reliability projects. Turning to the other segments, earnings for Ameren Transmission and Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution were up $0.09 and $0.03 respectively reflecting increased infrastructure investments. In addition, Ameren Illinois Electric Distributions earnings benefited from higher allowed return on equity under formally [indiscernible] making of 8.9% compared to 8.7% for the prior year. The 2018 allowed ROE was based on the 2018 average 30-year treasury yield of 3.1% up from the 2017 average of 2.9%. Earnings for Ameren Illinois Natural Gas were up $0.04 reflecting increased infrastructure investments and higher rates effective in early November, 2018. Finally, Ameren parent and other results reflected higher charitable donations, lower net state and federal tax benefits and dilution. Before moving on, let me briefly cover electric sales trends for Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution for 2018 compared to 2017. Weather normalized kilowatt hour sales to Missouri residential and commercial customers on a combined basis were up 1% excluding the effects of our energy efficiency plan under EMEA. Kilowatt hour sales to Missouri industrial customers also increased about 1% after excluding the effects of our energy efficiency plan. We exclude EMEA effects because the plan provides rate recovery to ensure that earnings are not affected by reduced electric sales resulting from our energy efficiency at half percent and kilowatt hour sales to Illinois industrial increased 2%. Recall the changes in electric sales in Illinois no matter cost do not affect our earnings since we have full revenue decoupling. Moving to Page 15 of the presentation. Here we provide an overview of our approximately $13.3 billion of planned capital expenditures for the 2019 through 2023 period by business segment that underlies the 8% projected rate base growth Warner discussed earlier. Note, the capital expenditures and rate base shown on this include Ameren Missouri's approximately $1 billion wind generation investment for up to 557 megawatts related to its announced build-transfer agreements. And the addition of wind generation investments would be incremental to this investment plan. Turning to Page 16, looking ahead we will remain focused on maintaining a strong balance sheet. We're comfortable with the current capitalization levels at each legal entity and expect our capitalization levels over the coming five-year period to remain in line with those at the end of 2018. Consistent with that expectation, here we outline the expected funding sources for the infrastructure investments noted on the prior page. We expect continued growth in cash from operations as investments are reflected in customer rates. We also expect to generate significant tax deferrals. The tax deferrals and driven primarily by timing differences between financial statement depreciation reflecting customer rates and accelerated depreciation for tax purposes under makers [indiscernible]. I should note, that over the five-year time horizon of our plan we do not expect to be a material, federal or state cash tax payer. In addition to the benefit of accelerated tax depreciation because of our expected $1 billion investment and up to 557 megawatts of wind generation we also expect to generate production tax credits beginning in the 2020 timeframe. From a financing perspective, we expect to continue to issue long-term debt to refinance maturing obligations and to fund a portion of our cash requirements. We also plan to continue to use newly issued shares for our dividend reinvestment and employee benefit plans over the five-year guidance period. We expect this to provide equity funding of approximately $100 million annually. Our plans also include incremental common equity to fund a portion of Ameren Missouri's expected wind generation investment. We believe these action should enable us to maintain the strong balance sheet and credit ratings that we've worked hard to achieve overtime. Moving to Page 17 of our presentation, I would now like to discuss key drivers impacting our 2019 earnings guidance. As Warner stated, we expect 2019 diluted earnings to be in the range of $3.15 to $3.35 per share. The midpoint of this range represents nearly 7% EPS growth versus 2018 weather normalized core results. On this page and the next, we have listed key earnings drivers of and assumptions behind our 2019 earnings guidance broken down by segment and as compared to 2018 results. Beginning with Ameren Missouri, earnings are expected to be lower in 2019 largely due to an approximately $0.32 per share benefit from favorable weather in 2018. We also expect expenses for the spring 2019 scheduled Callaway refueling and maintenance outage to decrease earnings by approximately $0.09 per share. Recall that there were no refueling outage for Callaway in 2018 given that these scheduled outages occur on an 18-month cycle. Further, higher depreciation expense will decrease earnings approximately $0.03 which reflects the full year application of Plant-In-Service Accounting or PISA to a higher level of infrastructure investments. Partially offsetting these unfavorable earnings drivers, we expect lower interest expense of approximately $0.05 per share including the PISA benefit. We also expect lower other operations and maintenance expenses to benefit 2019 earnings by approximately $0.05. This reduction is primarily driven by higher than normal scheduled non-nuclear plant outages and increased maintenance work experienced in 2018. Finally in Ameren Missouri, we expect higher electric margins including benefits under EMEA. For Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution, we anticipate increased earnings in 2019 compared to 2018 from additional infrastructure investments made under Illinois formula rate making. Our guidance incorporates a formula based allowed ROE of 8.9% using a forecast 3.1%, 2019 average yield for the 30-year Treasury bond which is comparable to an allowed ROE of 8.9% in 2018. We've provided the earnings sensitivity to changes in the allowed ROE of the Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution segment on this page. For Ameren Illinois Natural Gas Distribution earnings we expect to benefit from a full year of increased delivery rates as well as qualified investments that are included in rates on a timely basis under the state's gas infrastructure rider. Turning to Page 18, Ameren Transmission earnings are expected to benefit from additional investments in Ameren Illinois and ATXI projects made under FERC's formula rated making. Our guidance assumes continuation of the current 10.82% allowed ROE for the full year of 2019 which includes 50 basis point adder from MISO participation except for the Mark Twain project which assumes allowed ROE of 11.32%. We've provided the earning's sensitivity to changes in the allowed ROE of the Ameren Transmission segment on this page. Moving now to Ameren [indiscernible] drivers and assumptions, we expect an effective income tax rate of approximately 19% this year a decrease from last year's core effective income tax rate of 21%. This reflects the full year impact of excess deferred tax flow back in customer rates that began during 2018. Additionally, we expect lower donations of the parent company of about $0.03 per share. Finally, the issuance of common shares for our dividend reinvestment and employee benefit plans are expected to unfavorably impact earnings by $0.02 per share. I would also like to take a moment to discuss our electric sales outlook. We expect weather normalized Missouri kilowatt hour sales to residential and commercial customers to be up approximately 0.5% to 1% compounded annually over the five-year plan excluding the effects of our EMEA energy efficiency plans. We expect sales to our Missouri industrial customers to be relatively flat over our five-year plan after excluding the effects of our energy efficiency plan. Again, we exclude EMEA effects because the plan provides rate recovery to ensure that earnings are not affected by reduced electric sales, resulting from our energy efficiency efforts. Turning to Illinois, we expect our weather normalized kilowatt hour sales to residential, commercial and industrial customers including energy efficiency to be flat over our five-year plan. Moving now to Page 19 for a discussion of select regulatory matters. For Ameren Transmission there have been recent development that may impact the base allowed ROE from MISO transmission owners. In November 2018, the FERC issued an order in the MISO ROE complaint cases proposing new methodology for determining the base allowed ROE and soliciting feedback from participants. The MISO Transmission owners including Ameren Illinois and ATXI filed initial briefs yesterday regarding the MISO complaint cases. In summary, we believe the FERC proposed methodology is an improvement over the existing approach with certain recommended modifications. We're unable to predict the timing and ultimate impact of the complaint cases at this time. Turning to Page 20, for an update on cash flow guidance. For 2019, we anticipate negative free cash flow of approximately $950 million. On the right side of this page we provide a breakdown of our $2.4 billion of planned 2019 capital expenditures by business. We expect to fund this year's negative free cash flow and debt maturities primarily through a combination of short and long-term debt borrowings and issuances. As well as the previously mentioned issuances of common shares for our dividend reinvestment and employee benefit plans. Finally, turning to Page 21 I will summarize, we delivered solid core earnings growth in 2018 capping five years of outstanding compound annual earnings growth. We expect to again deliver strong earnings growth in 2019 as we continue to successfully execute our strategy. And as we look ahead, we expect strong 6% to 8% compound earnings per share growth over the 2018 to 2023 period driven by an approximately 8% compound annual rate base growth and disciplined financial management. We believe this growth will compare favorably with the growth of our regulated utility peers and Ameren shares continue to offer investors an attractive dividend. In total, we have an attractive total shareholder return story that we believe compares very favorably to our peers. That concludes our prepared remarks, we now invite your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] our first question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
Nick Campanella: This is actually Nick Campanella on for Julien.
Warner Baxter: No worries, how are you doing this morning?
Nick Campanella: Very good, congrats on the update here.
Warner Baxter: Thank you.
Nick Campanella: I just want to start quickly on the incremental equity funding for the wind. This is with an excess of the drift. Can you just expand at all in terms of the magnitude of the funding you did there, how we should think about quantifying that whether it's from solving for an FFO to debt metric or just in terms of how you plan to finance it?
Marty Lyons: Good morning Nick. This is Marty. I think it's probably good to step back and look at the totality of what we said, what we said on prior calls. We feel very good about the capitalization levels that we have today meaning the debt to equity ratios and that's both that parent as well as the various legal entities that we have and we're going to seek to keep levels in line with those or approximating those levels over the five-year guidance period. We believe we can do that given the retained earnings associated with our ongoing operations and some equity financing as we noted on the call. So the equity financing comes in two parts, I mean one of it that we noted is through the dividend reinvestment employee benefit programs. There we think we can generate about $100 million a year of equity proceeds or about 500 over the period. And then we expect to issue some additional equity in amount which equates to a portion of our ultimate wind investment as we mentioned on the call, that amount being sized to achieve the capital structure objectives that we talked about earlier. So - look I recognize you're maybe looking for a little bit more specificity, but as we think about what we said and we think about the wind. I'd also ask you to think about how Ameren Missouri is financed overall today which is about 52% equity knowing that the wind ultimately is going to end up in that legal entity.
Nick Campanella: Appreciate that. And then just like the timing of the wind CapEx, that should all be realized in one-year roughly, is that correct?
Marty Lyons: Nick, I think it's a good way to think about it. The 557 megawatts that we've announced today we're going to acquire through build-transfer agreements so there again we look for those deals to close between the middle of 2020 and end of 2020 and so I would be thinking about the cash flows occurring during that period of time.
Nick Campanella: Great and then my last question, just on sticking with Missouri. I think you had a net $1.5 billion increase in the five-year program. I saw that you filed I think grid mod plan and can you just talk about your expectations for grid mod versus the prior - your previous expectations for the $1 billion and if that has shifted it all?
Marty Lyons: Maybe I could talk a little bit about the overall investment picture, which is on the Slide 15 and then see if, you have some follow-up questions or we can elaborate in some way. In overall, we had a previously a plan of 2018 to 2022 obviously when you're rolled forward you're not only just spending within those periods but mid also, we're looking out to 2023. And so overall its $13.3 billion plan for the five-year period looking ahead. If you compare to the prior plan I think what you'd find is, as we've said we have a strong pipeline of growth in each of our segments and so as you look at the capital spend and the update four to five-year period for Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution, Ameren Illinois Natural Gas and Transmission. Those are all pretty consistent with the levels of investment that we made - we're planning for the prior five-year plan that we've given the real updates there. And I think, long - it should meet with generally expectations as we've added $1 billion for Ameren Missouri wind generation investment. This $1 billion is really associated with 557 megawatts that we've announced to-date. And then getting to your point, the capital expenditure plan outside of that wind for Missouri's $5.8 billion which compares favorably to the plan we had before which was $4.3 billion over five-year so, again it is $1.5 billion over the five-year period as you mentioned of course for rolling forward to a future period and so in any event. I think you're absolutely right as you would have expected given Senate Bill 564 in the wind generation investment. The investment Missouri overall is up in the plan.
Nick Campanella: Thanks. Congrats again.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ali Agha with SunTrust Robison. Please proceed with your question.
Ali Agha: First question, I just wanted to clarify one of the remarks I think you made in your opening comments in regards to the 6% to 8% EPS CAGR that you have over the next five years. And correct me if I'm wrong, but did I hear it right the 8% CAGR would normalize for the Callaway outage and exclude that. Whereas the 6% would include that, did I hear that right? Or does the 8% also contemplate including the Callaway outage?
Marty Lyons: Good morning, this is Marty. Let me answer that. I think what we meant to say that Warner was saying is that, 6% to 8% range if you will would accommodate either inclusion or exclusion of the cost of the Callaway outage in 2023. Clearly we're planning for an outage in 2023, we had none in 2018. We think the best way to look at our earnings growth profile overtime is to normalize for things like the Callaway outage timing in weather. But we wanted folks to know that, whether you were thinking about earnings in 2023 including or excluding those costs that we believe, our earnings guidance range was such that would accommodate either.
Ali Agha: I see. Just to be clear, so including if we include those cost and keep them in there that could still get us to an 8% CAGR.
Marty Lyons: Well it would depend on other things. Again it's a range, so what I'm saying is if you could include the cost it still get you into that range. If you exclude the cost you're within the range but wasn't really commenting on whether you would get to the 8% or not. Ali, I think the way to think about is, the range accommodates a number of things meaning. It accommodates ranges of treasury rates, allowed ROEs, earned ROEs, various spending levels, regulatory decisions, sales levels, economic conditions, financing plans, all of those things so when we give out the range, the range accommodates all of those variables that may occur.
Ali Agha: Okay and second clarification as well Marty, so I think as you mentioned for the wind investments you're looking at completing those acquisitions mid-to-late 2020. And I'm assuming that to the extent as additional wind that comes in, that's also 2020 timeframe period. So when we think about additional equity should we think all of that, if required will be a 2020 event and all the other years we should model out $100 million a year or should we think differently. And also, for modeling purposes should we assume wind will be an earnings contributor and the incremental wind will be an earnings contributor in 2020.
Marty Lyons: Sure, Ali. Let me take those, I may take those little bit in reverse order. In terms of the wind as I mentioned one of things we want to get done as to get wind [ph] in 2020 working with the developers to make sure we take maximum advantage of the production tax credit. So with respect to the projects that we've announced to-date, the 557 megawatts as well as additional wind investments that we're pursuing that are not embedded in the current plans. In both cases, we're seeking to work with the developers to acquire projects that will get completed as I mentioned earlier in the second half of 2020. So as you think about that, there would be some earnings impact in 2020 but it really would depend on when those projects went into service or when they get into rate base in 2020. And you really get to I think a more full annualized benefit of the wind when you get into 2021 and as you get through the rate cases associated with those even into 2022, but you're really going to get to a more full annualized benefit again in that 2021 timeframe. Now as it relates to the equity, we talked about today we do expect incremental equity to fund a portion of the wind investment and so again those cash flows. You're right, occur in the 2020 timeframe so that's a consideration and then I would also say that, again we have not announced the - we aspire to acquire additional wind beyond the 557 and so as we complete those negotiations we'll be certainly thinking about financing that, in addition to what we've talked about, the wind we've announced to-date and will be thinking about the sizing in the way, that's consistent with what we discussed today and on prior calls.
Ali Agha: Okay and last question. I know in the past when you talked about the SB 564 related CapEx you had mentioned at a minimum $1 billion over five years and I guess based on your commentary today it looks like it's more than a $1 billion at least embedded in this five-year plan. Does that still leave you room for even additional upside to that CapEx as we think about this five years or do you think this is pretty much what you expect to spend now going forward?
Warner Baxter: Ali, this is Warner. Thanks for the question, I'll let Michael comment a little bit further because he filed the Smart Energy Plan. I'll just start with this saying that, the robust infrastructure plan that we talked about over five years and 10 years in Missouri as I sit here today. It still remains robust beyond just the five years and frankly it continues to grow with various needs. Michael, you can talk a little bit about what you've incorporated in the five-year plan and certainly some opportunities that you continue to see from Missouri.
Michael Moehn: Well I mean, I think Warner just adding a little bit to that I mean obviously we have the $5.3 billion that we filed today on the electric side. As we get in and develop those plan and be able to show all the customer benefits. It's obvious that we're finding just more opportunities. I think you described as a robust plan. I would say that is absolutely the case. And we look forward to continue to work through time and looking for projects that are going to provide meaningful benefit to customers.
Warner Baxter: So the bottom line, when you look back three years ago when we talked about the plan that was filed. We look at the grid modernization opportunities every bit as robust today as we looked at them back then three years ago.
Ali Agha: Understood. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Insoo Kim: Starting on the wind side, just to clarify by 2020 the 700 megawatts that you guys are targeting or at least 700 megawatts that implies I guess versus the current plan that you have today you'll have another around 150 megawatts at least announced in build-in transfer by 2020 or are you - when you're talking about negotiating with multiple developers are there opportunities beyond that 700 that you're talking about or is that largely it?
Michael Moehn: This is Michael Moehn, as we think about it today we're obviously very focused on that 700 megawatts for the Missouri renewable standard having that 15% by 2021. Obviously we're keeping our mind and options open as we move through time in terms of other offerings that we out there, but we're really focused on filling out, that 700 megawatts at this point.
Insoo Kim: Understood. And then on the cost side, I think in the past you've targeted not making formal guidance but I was trying to [indiscernible] growth slight on a year-over-year basis, is that still part of your plan?
Warner Baxter: Go on Marty, please.
Marty Lyons: Yes, Insoo this is Marty. As we look ahead I mean that continues to be our goal. I mean we recognize that one of our objectives is to make sure that we can carry out this $13.3 billion infrastructure plan for the benefit of our customers and keep rates affordable along the way. So we will look to keep tight control on our O&M cost as we look ahead.
Insoo Kim: Understood and then maybe just one more if I could. The recent electric vehicle decision, I know it's a fairly small part of your investment opportunity. But that decision for the five-year $4 million or so does that basically cap how much you're going to be spend in that arena at least for the medium term.
Michael Moehn: Again this is Michael, I would say it's a start with respect to what we're trying to do from a transportation perspective. We're excited about having the opportunity to build out this corridor. I think we'll continue to evaluate overtime. The commission has actually opened up a workshop to have some further conversations beyond just the charging corridor they approved, so that could all planned up including other types of charging as well. So we look forward to engaging in a discussion, see if we can move this discussion forward.
Warner Baxter: Mike, I'll just add. I think this is clearly a step forward and importantly I think what Mike and his team have been able to do is just raise the level of awareness and the conversation in the State of Missouri on this. And so this is what we have today, but dialog it will be ongoing here in the relative near future and we look forward to continue to lean further forward in the electrification because we think there are real opportunities and benefits for our customers in the State of Missouri and we will be looking at similar types of things frankly in the State of Illinois too because we see similar benefits over there as well.
Insoo Kim: Understood. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Byrd: Congratulations on a constructive update.
Warner Baxter: Thank you.
Stephen Byrd: So I just wanted to discuss the Smart Energy Plan filed in Missouri and just better understand the regulatory process and just how we think about where procedurally it goes from here. It's obviously great that, the customer bills [ph] are, the bill impact is capped. It seems to all makes sense but I just wanted to understand a little bit more about what we should be looking for, now that you've made that filing.
Warner Baxter: Sure, Michael why don't you talk about that? Because I know it's some of this is embedded in Senate Bill 564, so why don't you give an update there.
Michael Moehn: Perfect. Thanks for the question. Obviously it's an important filing that we did today with the commission. We're required to layout and quite a bit of detail for 2019 where our investments are going to go and then little less detail for the next four years through 2023. What else is contemplated, is public meeting that's scheduled for March 4 will again layout the customer benefits associated with this, where our investments are going etc and get some feedback from that. And then obviously Senate Bill 564 didn't change the Commissions' authority anyway, so they'll have a chance to weigh in this as we go through regular rate reviews and have an opportunity to look at where we're making investments etc. so we look forward to engaging with them around this, getting feedback along the way.
Warner Baxter: Let me just add Stephen. When you look at the details of the plan. I think these are things that we've been talking about is needed in the State of Missouri frankly for many years and so I think what we've now provided is just greater levels of detail and as we referred to little bit earlier. Michael and his team have put together a plan three years ago almost now, that highlighted some of these things. So lot of dialog and conversations around these have been discussed before now we're giving a lot more detail, which I think is certainly appropriate at this time.
Michael Moehn: Yes that's right. I mean the other thing just to note is, we have been operating under this Senate Bill 564 really since September 1 and next thing you noted, the 6% rate reduction that occurred is part of the tax refund. We obviously had some solar rebates that we were required to do, all of that has been taken care of. We recently economic development rider approved. So I give you that, just because there are number of aspects that we have been executing underneath Senate Bill 564 for some time.
Stephen Byrd: And that all makes sense, it does seem consistent what you've talked about before. And just shifting over to Illinois, I guess there is some discussion of potential movement towards greater levels of clean energy in this state. I'm curios from your system perspective or just more broadly investment opportunities, changes to grid. Anything else that you foresee, if the state did in fact move towards greater levels of clean energy.
Warner Baxter: Sorry, Stephen it is Warner. And then Richard feel free to jump in. Big picture when you think about renewable generation we're not allowed to own renewable generation in State of Illinois. So we stay very mindful of the activities there because certainly since we purchased energy on behalf of our customers we want to make sure that rates continue to be good, as well as making sure that the reliability is spot through. Having said that, Richard was at the table with key stakeholders during the Governor's transition period and they talked about transition plan around energy policy. One of things that we pointed out very clearly is that, the energy policy in the State of Illinois is working quite well and the formulate rates is working quite well and so, we see that there are investments opportunities associated with that and for our distribution business to make sure we can continue to deliver the safe reliable service for our customers, we will do so. If we become more broadly in terms of renewable generation, certainly we will be thoughtful about transmission opportunities because we've said this before and we'll say it again when you look at the MISO footprint. There are lot of wind and solar projects going on in the MISO footprint and we stand ready and are able to help implement those, with not just in a connection agreements, but perhaps sometime down the road. There'll be an opportunity for multi-value projects. Early innings, but we could see that as a potential opportunity and so Richard, I know that you've been working with your team over there, anything that you would add to what I said.
Richard Mark: You covered it perfectly. I think that's really good observation of how it's going work.
Stephen Byrd: Thank you very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] our next question comes from Kevin [indiscernible] with Citadel. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Just to clarify, is the implied cost for KW on the 557 megawatts wind, do you guys right now a reasonable proxy for what would cost you to get you up to the 700?
Michael Moehn: This is Michael Moehn, I think it's difficult, you got to be a little careful with it just because so many different factors apply here in terms of there's some benefits associated with doing projects in State. There's 1.25% credit versus outstay there's capacity factor issue, so you can probably draw some conclusions, we got to be a little careful with it, just in terms of some of the specifics.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, fair enough. But the actual target amount is the 700 megawatts, correct?
Michael Moehn: That is what we're focused on.
Marty Lyons: Kevin, maybe I'll add to that though and build off of what Michael said into earlier. I mean hitting 700 neatly is a difficult thing to do. These projects vary in sizes. One of things we said, if you look closely at the wording we used, we said at least 700. It could be that the ultimate project that selected and picked would actually be, get us to a number that was above 700 because again it's difficult to find a site that neatly gets you to 700. So we think it's going to be at least 700. But the target again is to fulfil the requirements under the renewable energy standard, which we believe is would approximate about 700.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, that's helpful. And the other thing is, I think a securitization build has been introduced in the Missouri legislature. I know you guys have said in the past, you have very low dispatch cost on your coal fleet. But if the securitization was past, would that change the dynamic there and kind of still for fuel type of outlook?
Michael Moehn: You're right, there are couple of securitization builds fooling [ph] around. Look I would just say, at a very high level and Marty can certainly add to this. I mean we're having some conversations with the stakeholders and none of those bills have been assigned to committee yet. So they had a hearing at this point, we look forward to continue to have some conversations around the details of these bills and what benefit there may or may not be there for us.
Unidentified Analyst: Are these bills being? Are you guys sponsoring these bills or supporting these bills? Or is that all just to be determined?
Michael Moehn: Yes that is all to be determined.
Unidentified Analyst: That's great. Well thank you very much.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we reached the end of question-and-answer session. At this time, I would like to turn the call back to Andrew Kirk for closing comments.
Andrew Kirk: Thank you for participating in this call. A replay of this call will be available for one year on our website. If you have questions, you may call the contact listed on our earnings release. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren, and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And we thank you for your participation.

===== 2018 Q3  (2018-10-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Andrew Kirk - IR Warner Baxter - Chairman, President, and CEO Marty Lyons - EVP and CFO Michael Moehn - Chairman and President, Ameren Missouri
Analysts: Ali Agha - SunTrust Robison Humphrey Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Insoo Kim - Goldman Sachs Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Anthony Crowdell - KeyBanc Capital Markets Ashar Khan - Verition
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Ameren Corporation's Third Quarter 2018 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Andrew Kirk, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Kirk. You may begin.
Andrew Kirk: Thank you, and good morning. On the call with me today are Warner Baxter, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Marty Lyons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; as well as other members of the Ameren management team. Warner and Marty will discuss our earnings results and guidance as well as provide a business update. Then we will open the call for questions. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call contains time-sensitive data that's accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast, and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on the amereninvestors.com Web site home page that will be referenced by our speakers. As noted on page two of the presentation, comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as Forward-Looking Statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the Forward-Looking Statement section in the news release we issued today and the Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors sections in our filings with the SEC. Lastly, all our per share earnings amounts discussed today during today's presentation including earnings guidance are presented on a diluted basis unless otherwise noted. Now here's Warner, who will start on page four of the presentation.
Warner Baxter: Thanks, Andrew. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us. Earlier today, we announced third quarter 2018 core earnings of $1.50 per share compared to core earnings of $1.24 per share in the third quarter of 2017. Third quarter 2018 results exclude non-cash non-core charge of $0.05 per share related to federal income tax reform. The year-over-year increase was driven by higher retail sales, primarily due to warmer summer temperatures, as well as earnings on increased infrastructure investments. The comparison also benefited from timing differences related to federal income tax reform, which we do not expect will impact full-year results. Marty will discuss these and other factors driving the quarterly results in more detail in a moment. I am also pleased to report that we continue to successfully execute our strategic plan across all of our businesses, which I will touch on in more detail in a few moments. That fact [ph], and coupled with strong retail sales primarily due to the warm summer weather enabled us to raise our 2018 earnings guidance for the second time this year. Our 2018 core earnings guidance range is now $3.35 per share to $3.45 per share, up from our prior GAAP and core guidance range of $3.15 per share to $3.35 per share. Moving to page five, here we reiterate our strategic plan which we have been executing very well throughout 2018, and over the last several years. That plans is expected to continue to result in strong long-term investments and earnings growth. The first pillar of our strategy stresses investing in and operating our utilities in a manner consistent with existing regulatory frameworks. This strategy has driven our multiyear focus on investing in energy infrastructure for the long-term benefit of customers in jurisdictions that are supported by modern, constructive regulatory frameworks. Today, I am pleased to say that we are allocating meaningful amounts of capital to each of our business segments as all are now operating under constructive frameworks. On September 1st, Ameren Missouri began using plant and service accounting enabled by Senate Bill 564. This legislation improves our ability to earn a fair return on Ameren Missouri capital investments, and will drive significant incremental investments in energy infrastructure in the future. I'll say more about Senate Bill 564 in a moment. But it is safe to say that we are excited to bring many of the same infrastructure investment benefits to Missouri that our Illinois customers enjoy today. Speaking about our Ameren Illinois Electric and Natural Gas distribution operations, we invested approximately $625 million in Illinois electric and natural gas delivery infrastructure projects in the first nine months of this year, including those that are part of Ameren Illinois' modernization action plans. The electric projects, enabled by the Illinois Energy Infrastructure Modernization Act, have exceeded the job creation goals, and we are on track to meet or exceed our investment, reliability, and advance metering goals. Ameren Illinois customers are experiencing fewer and shorter power outages as a result of electric grid upgrades. Since the modernization program began in 2012, the installation of storm-resilient utility poles, automated switches, and an upgraded distribution grid have resulted in a 19% reduction in annual electricity service interruptions on average. And when customers do experience an outage, Ameren Illinois is restoring power 17% faster on average than prior to when the program began. Further, installations of advanced electric meters and gas meter modules were either on or ahead of schedule. Through the end of September, Ameren Illinois has installed about 985,000 smart electric meters, and 510,000 gas meter modules that provide customers with enhanced energy usage data and access to programs to help them save on their energy bills. Ameren Illinois is working to deploy the devices to all of its 1.2 million electric and 800,000 gas customers by the end of 2019. Additionally, the investments in infrastructure enabled by this constructive energy policy have created thousands of new jobs in Illinois. Finally, we've been able to make all of these investments and create jobs while keeping rates low for customers. To give you some perspective, if our annual electric rate update is approved by the ICC, as requested, all-in 2019 residential electric rates for customers taking delivery and energy service from Ameren Illinois will have decreased by an estimated 1% since electric formula rate making began in 2012. Even after incorporating substantial infrastructure investments made for the benefit of customers. With regard to our Illinois natural gas operations, our transmission and distribution projects are focused on upgrading and modernizing our gas main and equipment infrastructure, all to strengthen the safety and reliability of our system. Many of these projects were enabled by the qualified infrastructure plant rider which improves our ability to recover costs more timely between rate reviews. Being mindful of the recent gas distribution issues experienced in the North East, I will note that our Ameren Gas Distribution System is comprised almost entirely of plastic and protected coated steel pipelines. There is no cast iron or uncoated bare steel pipe in our system. In addition, our gas distribution system operates with individual service pressure regulators at 99.9% of our customers, nearly every customer meter. Moving now to our Ameren Transmission business, where we've invested approximately $400 million through September of this year. We continue to make significant investments in local reliability projects needed to comply with the North American Electric Liability Corporation requirements, as well as our two remaining regional multi-value projects, Mark Twain, and Illinois Rivers, which are expected to be completed by the end of 2019, as planned. These investments, enabled by the constructive FERC regulatory framework continue to bring value through safe, reliable, resilient, and efficient transmission systems. In summary, constructive and forward-thinking electric and gas regulatory frameworks across the board are driving important investments that are delivering significant long-term benefits for our customers. Of course, another important element of the first pillar of our strategy is achieving constructive outcomes in regulatory proceedings. As Marty will cover in more detail later, we had been very busy in Illinois managing our electric and natural gas regulatory proceedings. We have been making solid progress in settling important issues with key stakeholders, including agreements, in August, with the ICC staff and all other active parties on all issues in our pending electric and natural gas distribution rate reviews. We expect final decisions from the ICC in these proceedings by year-end, and potentially as early as this week. In Missouri, last week the PSC approved Ameren Missouri's request for a certificate of convenience and necessity, or CCN, to construct and own a 400 megawatt wind generation project. This approval, which came within just five months of our request, followed a unanimous settlement reached earlier this month with all parties to the CCN request. Further, we have settled with all parties for us of the renewable energy standard rate adjustment mechanism, or RESRAM, for this wind project and other qualifying renewable energy investments. However, there is one unresolved issue as the Office of Public Council opposes recovery through the RESRAM of a 15% of capital cost not recovered by PISA [ph]. This matter will go to hearing today. We expect a decision from Missouri PSC by January, 2019. In another positive development, earlier this month, Ameren Missouri reached a unanimous settlement with respect to a proposed new energy efficiency plan. This proposed plan would begin in March 2019, and would follow on the heels of our previous successful energy efficiency plans, the first of which began in 2013. If approved by the Missouri PSC, Ameren Missouri intends to invest $226 million over the life of the plan. Like our prior plans, we believe the new plan appropriately balances customer and shareholder interests by providing for timely recovery of both energy efficiency program costs and revenue losses resulting from these programs. The proposed plan also provides Ameren Missouri an opportunity to earn a performance incentive if certain customer energy efficiency goals are achieved, including $30 million if 100% of the goals are achieved by 2022. A similar incentive to the prior two energy efficiency plans. We expect a decision from the Missouri PSC on the proposed energy efficiency plan later this year. Finally, another important element of the first pillar of our strategy has been and remains our relentless focus on continuous improvement and disciplined cost management, keep rates affordable, and keep earnings returns close to allow returns in all of our jurisdictions. Turning now to page six, next I want to briefly cover the second part of our strategy, enhancing regulatory frameworks and advocating for responsible energy and economic policies. Over the years, we have been successful on executing this element of our strategy through extensive collaboration with key stakeholders in all of our regulatory jurisdictions. As I mentioned a few minutes ago, Ameren Missouri began to use Plant-in-Service Accounting on September 1st, which was enabled by the enactment of Senate Bill 564, this year. This legislation will drive significant investment in energy infrastructure, while providing robust consumer protections. This provision applies to all qualifying infrastructure investments that we outlined during our conference call in February, and enables approximately $1 billion in incremental investment for 2023 to modernize Missouri's electric grid, including the installation of smart meters and the deployment of other advanced technologies. These incremental grid modernization investments are expected to be largely additive to our five-year capital expenditure plan, as well as a strong 7% compound annual rate-based growth from 2018 through 2022 that we outlined in February. This legislation will also drive economic development in Missouri by creating significant good-paying jobs from these investments. In addition, Senate Bill 564 includes a meaningful economic development incentive for new or expanding large energy users consisting of a 40% discount in rates for up to five years. This was a key factor in helping attract a $65 million facility to Ameren Missouri, which is expected to add 300 new jobs to the region. We believe this is just the beginning of businesses taken advantage of this new incentive. As I've said before, I strongly believe that Senate Bill 564 will deliver significant long-term benefits for our customers, the State of Missouri, and our shareholders. Moving on to page seven for an update on our wind generation investment plans, which is directly tied to the third pillar of our strategy grading and capitalizing on opportunities for investment for the benefit of our customers and shareholders. We continue to make progress in Ameren Missouri's proposed investment in at least 700 megawatts or approximately $1 billion, but one generation to achieve compliance with Missouri's renewable energy standard. As I mentioned, the Missouri PSC approved our CCM request to construct and own a 400-megawatt wind generation facility in northeast Missouri, which when build will be the largest ever in the state. In addition, earlier this month we entered into an agreement with a subsidiary of EDF renewables to acquire after construction a wind generation facility of up to 157 megawatts to be located in Northwest Missouri, and just last week, we follow-up our CCM with the Missouri PSC for this project. We have requested the Missouri PSC to issue its final order on the CCM request at May 1, 2019. We are pleased with the progress we have made on our plans to pursue ownership of at least 700 megawatts of wind generation. Today, we have reached agreements to acquire up to 557 megawatts, which would need about 80% of our compliance needs. And as I just noted, we have made significant progress on regulatory approvals. Of course, we're not done; our team continues to actively negotiate with several developers to meet our remaining wind generation plans. We remain focused on completing these negotiations which may continue into early next year. Given the strong progress we have made today, we remain confident in our ability to complete these negotiations and obtain the necessary regulatory approvals in a timely fashion. We look forward to updating you on our progress on this important component of Ameren Missouri's integrated resource plan during our year-end conference call next February because we believe it will deliver clear long-term benefits to our customers, the environment, and the communities we serve. Turning now to page eight, in February, we rolled forward a five-year growth plan which included our expectation of 5% to 7% compound annual earnings per share growth for the 2017 to 2022 period even 2017 core earnings per share as a base. This earnings growth outlook was primarily driven by expected 7% compound annual rate-based growth over the same period. Importantly, our five-year rate-based growth projections did not include approximately $1 billion of incremental Ameren Missouri capital expenditures for 2023 associated with the enactment of Senate Bill 564 or the proposed incremental Ameren Missouri investment of approximately $1 billion in wind generation by 2020. These incremental investments are expected to be largely additive to Ameren Missouri's overall five-year plan outline in February. We are well underway in updating our capital plan and we will provide an update to our long-term growth plans during our year-end conference call next February. With constructive regulatory frameworks to support investment now in all of our business segments, I believe we are well positioned to continue to execute our strategy that will deliver significant long-term benefits to our customers, the communities we serve and our shareholders. And I believe, we will be able to make these investments while keeping rates affordable and competitive as we leverage the host of opportunities to reduce our costs, including those related to income taxes, delivered fuel, other operations and maintenance and interest expenses. In closing, we accomplished a great deal during the third quarter. Our operations were solid and our investments are delivering results, which contributed to improve reliability. Our earnings were strong and as a result, we increased our 2018 earnings guidance for the second time this year. We reach key settlements on the Illinois electric distribution and natural gas rate reviews, as well as Missouri's 400-megawatt wind generation CCM filing, which led to quick approval by the Missouri PSC. We officially elected to use planned service account in the Missouri as provided and in a Senate Bill 564, which we expect will strengthen our already strong infrastructure investment plans and rate-based growth outlook. And this month, we reached a key settlement on Ameren Missouri's New Energy Efficiency plan filing and also entered into an agreement to acquire after construction, another wind generation facility for up to 157 megawatts. Finally, this month, Ameren's Board of Directors express its competence in our long-term growth plan by increasing the dividend by approximate 4%, the fifth consecutive year with the dividend increase. Simply put, we are doing we said we would do, we are executing that strategic plan across all of our businesses, which is driving our strong long-term earnings growth outlook, which when combined with our solid dividend yield, currently about 3%, we believe results in a very attractive total return opportunity for shareholders compared to our regulated utility peers. The bottom line is that we are delivering superior long-term benefits for our customers, the communities we serve and you our shareholders. Again, thank you all for joining us today. I'll now turn the call over to Marty, Marty?
Marty Lyons: Thank you, Warner, and good morning, everyone. Turning now to page 10 of our presentation; today, we reported third quarter 2018 gap earnings of $1.45 per share, compared to gap earnings of $1.18 cents per share for the year ago quarter. Excluding third quarter 2018 and 2017 non-core non-cash charges for the revaluation of deferred taxes of $0.05 and $0.06 per share respectively. Ameren reported third quarter core earnings of $1.50 per share compared to core earnings of $1.24 per share for the third quarter of 2017. The third quarter 2018 charge reflects the true up to the revaluation of deferred taxes associated with federal income tax reform resulting primarily from recently issued regulations related to the application of bonus depreciation to 2017. Turning now to page 11, the key factors that drove the overall $0.26 per share increase in core earnings are highlighted by segment on this page. Ameren Missouri, our largest segment and also the largest driver of the year-over-year earnings improvement reported an increase of $0.25 per share from $0.97 per share in 2017 to $1.22 per share in 2018. This improvement was driven in part by a $0.16 per share timing difference between income tax expense and revenue reductions related to federal tax reform which we do not expect will impact full-year results. In addition, the comparison benefited from higher Ameren Missouri electric retail sales primarily due to warmer summer temperatures compared to near normal temperatures in the year ago period, which contributed approximately $0.07 per share. For perspective, the weather benefit was largely driven by September temperatures which rank as the third hottest in St. Louis over the last 50 years. These favorable impacts were partially offset by a planned increase in other operations and maintenance expenses of $0.03 per share. Turning to the other segments' earnings for Ameren Transmission and Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution were up $0.04 and $0.03 respectively reflecting increased infrastructure investments. In addition, Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution's earnings benefited from a higher allowed return on equity under formulated rate making of 8.9% compared to 8.7% for the prior year. The 2018 allowed ROE was based on the 2018 average 30-year treasury yield of 3.1% up from the 2017 average of 2.9%. Finally, Ameren Parent and Other results reflected lower net state and federal tax benefits as well as delusion. In summary, we had a strong third quarter that contributed to increased year-to-date earnings across each of our four operating segments. Details on the year-to-date results are provided in the appendix of our presentation. Before moving on, I will briefly cover electric sales trends for Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution for the first nine months of this year compared to the first nine months of last year. Weather normalized kilowatt hour sales to Missouri residential and commercial customers on a combined basis increased a little over 1% excluding the effects of our energy efficiency plan under EMEA. Kilowatt hour sales to Missouri industrial customers also increased a little over 1% after excluding the effects of our energy efficiency plan. We exclude the effects because the program provides rate recovery to ensure that earnings are not affected by reduced electric sales resulting from our energy efficiency efforts. Weather normalized kilowatt hour sales to Illinois residential and commercial customers on a combined basis increase about 1%, while kilowatt hour sales to Illinois Industrial customers increased about 2.5%. Recall that changes in electric sales in Illinois no matter cost do not affect our earnings since we have full revenue decoupling. Overall, the economies in both states remain stable to positive with unemployment in Ameren Missouri's territory at about 3.2%, in Ameren Illinois territory at about 4.3% compared to the national average of 3.7%. Moving to page 12 of our presentation, I would now like to briefly touch on key drivers impacting our 2018 earnings guidance. Today we raised our 2018 GAAP guidance range to $3.30 per share to $3.40 per share, up from our prior range of $3.15 per share to $3.35 per share. This updated GAAP guidance includes the third quarter non-cash tax related charge of $0.05 per share I discussed earlier. Excluding this charge, we expect to deliver 2018 core earnings within a range of $3.35 to $3.45 per share, a $0.35 per share increase in the midpoint as compared to our original guidance range of $2.95 to $3.15 per share issued in February. The increase reflects higher Ameren Missouri electric retail sales primarily due to the year-to-date weather benefit of $0.27 per share as well as continued solid execution of our strategy. This updated guidance assumes normal temperatures for the remaining three months of this year. Moving to the balance of the year, we list on this page select considerations that affect the comparability of fourth quarter 2018 earnings to last year's fourth quarter earnings. Some of the larger items include the absence of the non-core, non-cash charge in the fourth quarter 2017 for the revaluation of deferred taxes associated with federal tax reform. The absence of the fourth quarter 2017 Ameren Missouri Callaway refueling and maintenance outage as well as the expected reversal in the fourth quarter of 2018 of the $0.12 per share year-to-date timing difference between income tax expense and revenue reductions at Ameren Missouri also associated with federal tax reform. Before moving on, I would also like mention that we expect Ameren Illinois to issue long-term debt in November to repay $313 million of maturing 9.75% senior secured notes and refinance short-term debt. We expect savings on Ameren Illinois financing cost to be passed directly to Ameren Illinois electric transmission and distribution customers through formula rates as well to its natural gas customers as a result of the new natural gas rates based on 2019 future test year. Moving now to page 13 for a discussion of select regulatory matters starting with Ameren Missouri, as Warner mentioned, pursuant to Senate Bill 564, Ameren Missouri elected to use plant-in-service accounting or PISA effective September 1. PISA allows us to defer and recover 85% of depreciation expense and return on rate base related to qualifying plant placed in service after September 1. On this page, we have provided information to help assist in modeling PISA. I would like to note a return on rate base as well as on accumulated PISA deferrals will reflect Ameren Missouri's pretax weighted average cost of capital. However, accounting rules only allow for the recognition in earnings of Ameren Missouri's cost of debt until such deferrals are reflected in rates. Therefore, the incremental return on equity will be recognized in earnings when deferred amounts are recovered in rates over the 20-year period following subsequent rate reviews. Turning to page 14, regarding Ameren transmission regulatory matters, there have been recent developments that may impact the base allowed ROE for MISO transmission owners. Earlier this month, the FERC issued an order addressing a prior court ruling in the New England ROE case. In its order, the FERC proposed a new methodology for determining the base allowed ROE and then soliciting feedback from participants. A final FERC order in the New England case is not expected until 2019. And we are unable to predict any potential impacts it will have in the pending MISO complaint case. Further, it remains uncertain when the FERC will issue any orders in the pending MISO case. Moving to page 15 and Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution regulatory matters, in April, we made our required annual electric distribution rate update filing. Under Illinois' formula rate making we are required to file annual rate updates to systematically adjust cash flows over time for changes in cost of service and to true-up any prior period over or under recovery of such cost. In August, the ICC staff issued its recommendation which was an agreement with Ameren Illinois' request. A decision is expected by December with new rates expected to be effective by January 2019. Moving to Ameren Illinois Natural Gas regulatory matters, earlier this year we filed with the ICC for an increase in gas distribution rate using 2019 future test year. In late August, we updated our request to incorporate a stipulation agreement with the ICC staff and other active parties on all issues, including a 9.87% ROE, a 50% equity ratio, and $1.6 billion of rate base. A decision is expected by December with new rates expected to be effective by January 2019. Turning to page 16, we plan to provide 2019 earnings guidance when we release fourth quarter results in February next year. Using our 2018 guidance as a reference point, we have listed on this page select items to consider as you think about our earnings outlook for next year. Beginning with Missouri, we expect to return to normal weather in 2019 with decreased Ameren Missouri earnings by approximately $0.27 compared to 2018 results to date and assuming normal weather in the last quarter of this year. Further, we expect the expenses for the scheduled spring 2019 Callaway refueling and maintenance outage to decrease earnings by approximately $0.10. The 2019 earnings comparison is expected to be favorably impacted by the full-year application of PISA to a higher level of infrastructure investments as well as by lower other operations and maintenance expenses. The expected lower other operations and maintenance expenses are primarily due to the higher than normal scheduled non-nuclear plant outages experienced this year. Next, earnings from our FERC-regulated electric transmission activities are expected to benefit from additional investments in Ameren Illinois and ATXI projects made under forward-looking formula rate making. Ameren transmission earnings would, of course, be affected by any change positive or negative to the current allowed ROE of 10.82%. For Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution, earnings are expected to benefit in 2019 compared to 2018 from additional infrastructure investments made under Illinois formula rate making. The allowed ROE under the formula will be the average 2019 30-year treasury yield plus 5.8%. The allowed ROE formula will serve as a natural hedge should interest rates rise. For Ameren Illinois Natural Gas Distribution, earnings will benefit from higher delivery service rates based on the 2019 future test year and an increase in the allowed ROE. Turning to page 17, I will summarize. We expect to deliver 2018 core earnings within a range of $3.35 to $3.45 per diluted share as we continue to successfully execute our strategy. As we look ahead, we continue to expect strong earnings per share growth driven by a rate base growth and disciplined financial management. And we believe Ameren shares continue to offer investors an attractive yield based on our recently increased dividend. The combination of our growth outlook and attractive dividend yield provides total shareholder return potential that we believe compares very favorably to our peers. That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Ali Agha with SunTrust Robison Humphrey. Please proceed with your question.
Ali Agha: Good morning.
Warner Baxter: Good morning.
Ali Agha: My first question, as you mentioned with your year-end results, you will update your long term growth forecast as well. I just wanted to get some clarity, what's the base year you are going to use, and are you going to extend it to '23? How are you going to deal with the weather impact, just curious how you are thinking about long-term growth as you look to update that for us.
Marty Lyons: Sure, again, good morning, Ali. Look, we're giving that consideration at this point in terms of what would be the best approach. They mentioned last call one logical approach would be to utilize the 2018 base, but as you noted we have to consider and be mindful of sort of the non-core items, the weather impacts, the timing of Calloway outages and the like. So using that 2018 is an alternative, but there are other alternatives as well that we'll be thinking through. To your point, with respect to CapEx and rate base, we certainly do expect to roll forward our outlook for CapEx and rate base out through 2023. And then we'll step back and think about what's the best approach in terms of providing the related earnings per share guidance.
Ali Agha: Okay. And second question, Marty as you're thinking about incorporating that incremental CapEx from Missouri Senate Bill 564 and the wind into your planning, can you remind us how much capacity do you have right now in your mind to increase holding company debt beyond current levels or should we be thinking that any external funding at the parent likely will be coming from equity, just because some framework on how that funding plays out?
Marty Lyons: Sure, Ali, yes, as we think about back to the earnings per share guidance that we give long-term, obviously, we'd not only incorporate the additions associated with the capital expenditures for 564 wind related investments and other investments, we certainly step back also and think about what's the right financing plan for all of that. As I said before, and on prior calls and conversations, we will take into consideration a number of things as we think about how best to finance the plan. We're thinking about maintaining the strong balance sheet, that's sort of been a hallmark of our operations over time. We're very happy with the credit ratings that we have today. We've worked hard over time to improve our business risk and achieve those credit ratings. So we'll be mindful, also of the credit metrics that relate to those ratings. We'll also be thinking of course, about these investments and you know positioning these for success as we have flow through with regulatory processes. You know, all of that with the backdrop of certainly thinking about how to maximize shareholder value. So you know, I can't tell you exactly or give you a number in terms of exactly how much balance sheet capacity we think about in terms of additional holding company debt, but I think those other considerations that I laid out are the primary ones that we think about.
Ali Agha: Got it. Last question, just as you think about this potential billion dollars of additional CapEx over five years in Missouri, can you remind us how much capacity do you have to potentially increase that, because I know there's a rate cap test and other tests that come into play as well, but theoretically, how much more capacity would you have if you had opportunities to go above the billion dollars?
Marty Lyons: Yes, in terms of the rate cap, you're absolutely right. I mean, what we have in Missouri is under the new 564 regime that we embarked upon on September 1st is that we need to stay under a 2.85% compound annual growth rate through 2023 with the beginning of that growth rate reflecting the rate case outcome we had last spring. Of course as it related to that base, we get to take into account half of the savings from the federal tax benefit. But look, Ali, I think as we go ahead, as we said, you know, we expected that adoption of 564 would allow us to invest that incremental $ billion. Going back a couple of years, we laid out under over a 10-year period, the opportunity to invest an additional $4 billion of capital over a 10-year period. So, clearly as we look out there are other investments that we think that we could make over time for the benefit of our customers. And we'll be considering which of those investments we think are prudent to make over time and at what time as we think about planning that, planning out our projects and executing them well. So look, I think our goal over time is to deploy capital in a prudent way to improve service to our customers. As Warner said earlier, to benefit our communities, to add jobs, and we'll be thinking about how best to do that and stay under that cap. I will tell you as it relates to the cap, we said this before, some of the things that we do see as opportunities to help us in terms of the areas of cost, not only are the savings from the federal taxes which we were able to utilize just here earlier this year to reduce customer rate 6%, but we also see continuing opportunities from re-financings of higher cost debt. We've got about $650 million of maturities between now and 2020 at higher rates than exists today. We've seen opportunity to lower financing costs for our customers. We also see the opportunity to realize benefits from lower delivered fuel costs, which we'll begin to see the savings from that this year and into next year. And over time also we'll look to keep tight controls on our O&M expenses. And certainly as we roll out some of the grid modernization benefits or grid modernization investments, certainly look for opportunities to utilize those also to keep tight control on our O&M.
Warner Baxter: Ali, this is Warner. I think that Marty did a great job summarizing. I think to summarize it we have a deep pipeline of investments that can bring significant benefits to our customers not just in Missouri but frankly across the board, and secondly, Marty outlined a host of cost opportunities for affordability to keep our customer rates low not just in Missouri but across the Board. So we look at the pipeline, plus affordability is going to continue to have us move forward with a strong, sustainable growth plan.
Ali Agha: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Warner Baxter: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey, good morning, can you hear me?
Warner Baxter: We can hear you fine, thank you.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. So perhaps just to clarify the last question a little bit further, where do you stand with respect to your - debt targets with the agencies and how much latitude do you have with that respect just to ask it a slightly different way?
Marty Lyons: Yes, sure, Julien, this is Marty again. At our credit rating, the issuer ratings and we list these in the appendix to our slides. At S&P we got a BBB plus with a positive outlook. The FFO to debt threshold they've set for us there is just 13%. As it relates to Moody's, the parent issuer ratings BAA1 and the threshold they've set there for us on FFO to debt is 19%. So those are the benchmarks that we have today. That 19% also, by the way, is what Moody's uses both at Missouri and Illinois relative to their existing rating. So those are the thresholds that we've set. We've not articulated, I'd say exactly where we are relative to those, but as you can tell from the positive outlook at S&P and you know the fact that we've got a stable rating at Moody's should tell you something about where we sit relative to those metrics.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. And then just to understand a little bit more about the capital opportunity plan here, perhaps leaving behind Missouri, but focusing elsewhere, looks like transition spend in the MTAP [ph] looks up in the draft. Also curious on any thought process of any potential legislation in Illinois next year, how are you thinking about the various pieces that may or may not already be reflected in your existing capital plan aside the roughly $2 billion between wind and grid mod that you've already articulated here. I just want to make sure we're fully inclusive here of some of the other potential - factors.
Warner Baxter: Yes, sure, Julien. This is Warner. Look, I would say this, obviously we have a very robust five-year plan and we have identified in that plan the opportunity for an incremental $2 billion, one for grid mod and another for wind investment in Missouri. As I've said before, our plan isn't just a five-year plan, you know, our team is focused on creating an infrastructure pipeline to bring benefits for our customers for years six through 10 and then go out to 15. And so as we look at in Illinois, we believe that the MAP program was certainly a 10-year program, but I know Richard and his team continue to believe that they have robust distribution projects to continue to enhance service for our customers whether it's in substations, what it's to continue to automate the grid. Obviously the smart meter is done, but we continue to see opportunities there and in our gas business as well. We're investing more money in the gas business with that constructive framework. We believe there could be some new regulations coming down the pipe that will ultimately require additional investments there, but we believe too that there are opportunities. You think about transmission, we obviously outlined the investments that we're making there both in multi-value and the liability projects. But you step back and you look at what's going on in MISO with all the renewable energy projects that are coming online, and a lot of interconnection agreements are being put in there, there could be an opportunity down the road to have more robust transmission planning and investments, I can't predict whether it will be another round of multi-valued projects but when you look at the level of renewable coming into that space, now that's something the step back and think about beyond the five-year horizon and so I would say that we feel very strong, we're not just focusing on folks years six through 15. You made a passing comment about Illinois legislation, we're focused on executing the plan, this is not something that is top of our list of things to focus on in Illinois but of course we're always engaged in the framework and the policy discussions in Illinois just like we are in Missouri and at the Federal level. So hopefully that gives you a good insight in terms of how we think about the business.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. Thank you all.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Insoo Kim with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Insoo Kim: Good morning guys.
Warner Baxter: Good morning, Insoo. How are you doing today?
Insoo Kim: Good, good. Just maybe focusing on the 2018 guidance raise this quarter at the $0.15 at the midpoint, I know part of that was due to better than normal weather for the quarter but are there what are what's making up some of the other items that contribute to the increase and is that more timing related or something more sustainable that could help in 2019 and beyond?
Marty Lyons: Yes, Insoo, this is Marty. The timing item we noted is really intra-year, I would say so, it's important to understand that year-to-date we have had a $0.12 benefit from the timing of income tax expense reductions versus income tax related revenue reductions associated with federal tax reform. So I think it's important to note that $0.12 benefit will reverse in the fourth quarter. So I want to say that will be earnings neutral for the year, back to your question though at the midpoint of our guidance, our core guidance which is $3.40 if you back out the benefit we have of weather year-to-date which is $0.27, the net of that is about $3.13 again a midpoint on the weather normalized basis which does compare favorably to the midpoint of the guidance we gave out at the beginning of the year at $3.05 about $0.08. And I think where you really see that is when you look at our slides and you look at the benefit that we've had year-to-date of sales, on a nine months to date basis versus the impact of weather what you find there is an incremental benefit from sales of about $0.05. So I talked about some of the positive sales trends on our call in our prepared remarks. But those positive sales trends are helping this year and I'd say that's the bulk of the driver of the guidance range when you back out weather.
Insoo Kim: Got it. And do you what is your - do you provide a longer term low growth excluding EE type of growth rate?
Marty Lyons: What we typically talk about is including EE, I mean we're seeing today what we gave out a similar growth, we're seeing year-to-date, again in Illinois where we're seeing some growth which is positive, we're de-coupled there, so I'd focus on the Missouri growth, there we're seeing residential and commercial growth executing energy efficiency a little over 1% in industrial growth too a little over 1%. So those are positive trends and as I remarked on our last call, I mean that's underpinned by some strong, I think economic data we're seeing, job growth we're seeing unemployment down in Missouri at about 3.7%, so below the national average and importantly we're seeing residential and commercial customer counts increasing in each of those more than half a percent in terms of incremental customer count. So I think those are some positive trends, longer term we're still thinking that inclusive of the impacts of energy efficiency, we're going to expect to see about flattish growth and as we move through time and we assess the results giving thought to the positive economic signs we're seeing in weather there should be any change in our guidance longer term but like I said for now we're thinking that inclusive of the energy efficiency which is both the energy efficiency that we promote but also sort of just natural energy efficiency that's coming through national standards. Again, we're expecting about flattish over time.
Insoo Kim: Understand and maybe just one more question, on the dividend I know the payout of 55 to 70 target you guys are currently at the lower end of that given the potential upside to capital and rate base growth or you can see in the various jurisdictions which would be assumption be that the payout would remain sort of in the lower half of that range for the foreseeable future?
Warner Baxter: This is Warner. Yes, look I think big picture we targeted between 55% and 70% and so we're not saying whether going to be, where we're going to be in that picture but as I said earlier look I'm pleased that the board raise the dividend for the fifth consecutive year and I think it clearly reflects their confidence in terms of with our long term growth plan and so we continue to be very comfortable with expressing our dividend in terms of the payout range and that coupled with a very strong rate base growth plan we think is delivering very strong total show returns.
Insoo Kim: Understand, thank you very much.
Warner Baxter: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Warner Baxter: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon: Good morning, guys. A pretty thorough Q&A already so just a quick clean up on page eight of the handout. The potential wind generation investment in Missouri the $1 billion I think you lay out on another slide that those would be built on transfer projects that is that correct. If is deductable?
Warner Baxter: Yes, both transfer agreements. Greg, I'm sorry, this is Warner, that's correct.
Greg Gordon: They would impact earnings when acquired there would be no buildup of AFEDC or capitalized interest et cetera because they would you would simply transact upon close. A is that correct and B, what's your best guesstimate is when, I know there's probably a range of outcomes as to when they're delivered one would be a good place holder for our modeling assumptions.
Marty Lyons: Sure, Greg. This is martin. Yes, first you're correct. In terms of your assumption around AFEDC financing I'm in a characteristic of a build transfer agreement has that the developers will finance during construction and will take ownership when the projects are complete. And it's of that point that, we would have the financing costs and revenues associated with those projects, so you're absolutely right you're thinking of those, in terms of progress on the projects. I mean we were pleased to on for example on the Terregen [ph] project the first 400 megawatts to be able to get a settlement with parties to that case and just recently here and get a certificate of convenience and need from the commission, in a five month timeframe so I think that's a good step forward and bodes well we believe for approvals in future projects. That's that, another hurdle we have to get through is to get through the MISO interconnection process and get those approvals and certificates to move forward. So ultimately, we believe that these projects will go into service in 2020. That is our goal because that's when the PTC maximum value is realized. And then when in 2020 it's hard to say Greg it will really depend on, how we get through some of these MISO interconnection process, how construction goes but ultimately the goal is to get these in service by the end of 2020.
Greg Gordon: Okay, so they may have a material impact on 2020 earnings but they'll definitely be fully loaded sort to speak in 2021.
Warner Baxter: Yes, I think that's the right way to think about it, Greg.
Greg Gordon: Perfect. One follow-up on the rid mode vestment through 2023 the $1 billion when - is that going to be sort of a readable spend over a period of years, you expect that to be back end loaded, how should we think about that feathering in to plan.
Michael Moehn: Greg, it's Michael Moehn. Yes, I think, previously we've said that it's going to be fairly readable at this point, so I'm not going to part of the work right way to look at the beginning in 2019.
Greg Gordon: Beginning in 2019 right.
Michael Moehn: Okay, thank you guys very much. Have a great day.
Greg Gordon: Thank you, Greg.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Byrd: Good morning. Congratulations on the good results.
Warner Baxter: Thank you and appreciated. Thanks, Stephen.
Stephen Byrd: So I just wanted to talk about the wind program that you have the 700 megawatts or the up to 700 megawatts if you did find that there were more opportunities that were beneficial to customers because when the economics continue to get better, could you remind us of just the regulatory process you would go through if you wanted to go back and suggest that, hey we should actually upsized this to above 700 megawatts, how would that sort of work out in the regulatory arena?
Warner Baxter: So Stephen, I'll kick it off. And then I'll turn it over to Michael to make sure we have the regulatory process nailed down. But look, the bottom-line, if we see opportunities in renewable generation in here, we are talking about when that are beneficial for customers, we will lean forward and move forward those projects. Even when we announced this at the integrated resource plan at some time gosh, I guess it was last year. We said that they are not only interested to meet the renewable energy standard opportunities, but also opportunities to invest more in wind or solar, should the economics continue to come down, so we will look at that. And so, Michael, why don't you talk about the specific process? Should we choose to do that in the future, what that would look like?
Michael Moehn: Yes, I mean again, the 700 megawatts is obviously to comply with the renewable standard that's in the state. I mean, it would really take a very similar process honestly, if we identified other projects that for the benefit of our customers going through and applying for that CC and going through that stakeholder process going through and getting those interconnection agreements done all those things that we are doing as part of the 700 megawatts today.
Stephen Byrd: Understood, okay. So very much similar to how you approach it so far. And then, just I wanted to make sure I was thinking about the cap on customer builds, the 2.85% compound impact, given the benefits that you've had from tax reform and other dynamics but also factoring in the spending plans you have, how much additional headroom do you have over and above factoring in everything that you sort of announced today in terms of additional headroom over the over the period?
Marty Lyons: Yes, Stephen it's Marty. In terms of that, I'd say we wouldn't - haven't really talked about a headroom if you will. I know what we said is that we do feel very comfortable that the 2 billion of additional spending that we've been talking about which we've said numerous times, we think a bit largely additive to our capital expenditure plan that we can fully achieve that and stay under that cap with some margin, haven't specified what that margin is but I've talked a lot about and did earlier on this call, you know the various benefits that we see in terms of helping to keep rate growth low, part of it is the federal taxes, part of it's the delivered fuel we've talked about, part of it as the refinancing and part of it is the continued discipline around O&M, including benefits that we expect will come with some of the grid modernization investments we are making.
Stephen Byrd: Understood, that's all I have. Thank you.
Marty Lyons: All right. Thanks Stephen.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Marty Lyons: Hello, Paul.
Paul Patterson: Hey. How you are doing?
Marty Lyons: I'm right. How are you?
Paul Patterson: All right, so just I know you guys don't want to predict the ISO New England impact on the MISO complaint case. However, I'm sure you guys have been doing some number crunching on what the - what you guys sort of might. What if the proposed methodology that FERC is employing there were to be employed in life of this case, could you give us a little bit of a sense as to what you think it would come up with and in the base ROE complaint case?
Marty Lyons: Yes. Paul, your instincts were correct. I think what we think it's premature really to estimate the impact potential impact on the MISO complaints, look I'll say this, we do think it's positive that the FERC is taking steps to address the ROE uncertainty, we think that's positive. We also think that, the proposal that they've made is a step in the right direction, but we say it's premature, because as you well know, it's really a proposal requesting comments, if you will briefs from parties in the New England case and things could change over time. So, we think it's a positive step but there's still ways to go. Of course, in the first really under no timeline to rule here, they've got briefs that are due in mid-January. So we do think a, we do think that FERC will take action in 2019 and will stay closely posted and overtime I think as they work through the methodology, we will have to take a look at our cases, each case as you know has somewhat different facts and data, things are subject to interpretation. So, we will be will be assessing all of that, but we think as we sit here today, it's really, premature to comment on your specific question.
Paul Patterson: Okay, fair enough. And then on the - can you just remind in terms of the current growth rate that you guys have what the forecast for the 30-year Treasury is in terms of that?
Marty Lyons: Yes. In terms of the guidance we've given today and I think what once you are talking about as our current guidance of 5% to 7% compound EPS growth out through 2022 and really that accommodates a range of interest rates and ROEs as well as other things like capital spending levels, rate case outcomes, economic conditions but specifically on your question we said over time that really accommodates a range of Treasury rates and ROE levels. There's not a specific.
Paul Patterson: You are not using that blue-chip thing as you guys were using before?
Marty Lyons: No, you have a good long memory though going back probably, five years ago or so, I - we did use that as a - an anchor on our guidance, but now we've gotten away from that over time.
Paul Patterson: Okay, and then just finely on the one-time impact at $0.05, what caused the tax evaluation to happen this quarter I guess, you followed what I'm saying we are going to TCGA?
Marty Lyons: Yes, I do. Paul, when they put out their rules last year, they - everybody made their best assessment with respect to certain transition provisions that we had to make a good sales estimate. But understanding that as rules and regulations were clarified that there would be some updates. In this particular case, the primary driver was that, we got some guidance from IRS with respect to how to provide or how to deal with the transition of bonus depreciation as related to 2017. So we receive that guidance and as we filed our tax return here in the third quarter for 2017, that caused this then to go ahead and true up the revaluation that we did at the end of last year. So that's in a nutshell what happened.
Paul Patterson: Okay, great. Thanks so much.
Marty Lyons: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Next question comes from the line of Anthony Crowdell with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Warner Baxter: Hello, Anthony.
Anthony Crowdell: Good morning. I think, I maybe just beating a dead horse here. I just wanted to go through a quick housekeeping. The end of the second quarter guidance was 315 to 335. You've raised the midpoint now, I believe $0.15. But whether you are saying a $0.06 is the remainder, $0.09 the timing of the tax item?
Warner Baxter: No, it's not. Now the tax item is really excluded. So, if you look at, in particular if you look at slide 12 that we gave out, we talked about what the gap EPS raise was and then the core EPS, so when you look at the core EPS range of $3.35 cents to $3.45 that excludes the impact of that $0.05. So the midpoint there of the $3.35 to $3.45 sense is of course $3.40 cents. If you compare that back to the beginning of your midpoint, the beginning of the year midpoint was $3.05. So you can see the Delta then of that 27 senses whether. Okay, so if you back out whether from the 340, you get to $3.13 and that is indeed about $0.08 higher than the midpoint of our beginning of your guidance and so the big driver of that when you look through the slides and you'll have a chance to look through the detail is that we have seen sales growth that is contributing more than the $0.27 of whether and in fact - if you do the math that sales growth is about $0.05. So when you think about what, why is the guidance going up, part of it is weather or a large part of this weather. That is also about $0.08 of other stuff. And the primary driver that is incremental sales not associated with weather, which is we estimate to be about $0.05.
Anthony Crowdell: So I'll follow that, but I'm - I can't do the same for what happened after the second quarter to the fourth quarter just going by the - because you seem to keep pointing back to the original core EPS, can I do the same with what you updated at the second quarter till now?
Warner Baxter: Yes, you can. And the answer will be the same. That it's really sales growth over the course of the year that's allowing us to - amongst other things to raise the guidance but you can absolutely do the same thing rolling forward from the guidance we had last quarter.
Anthony Crowdell: Great. Thanks for taking my question.
Warner Baxter: You are absolutely welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question comes from the line of Ashar Khan with Verition. Please proceed with your question.
Ashar Khan: Hi, good morning.
Warner Baxter: Good morning Ashar. How are you?
Ashar Khan: Pretty good. Just going on the 2019 consideration slide, this year you were banking off O&M to be higher, if my memory is correct, by about $0.14. Can we assume that the accruement could be of a similar amount next year? Could you provide a little bit - kind of a little bit with same, less or more, I'm just trying to get a better sense to cause that factor as we look into next year?
Warner Baxter: No. Ashar, you are absolutely right. We had suggested at the beginning of the year that the O&M would be up about $0.14 year-over-year, excluding Callaway. And if you look through the year-to-date considerations and you look at our guidance for the balance of the year, I think would you would find this would be about $0.16 up year-over-year, but we do not expect that all of that would be raised next year. We do as suggest on the slide, the slide you point to, slide 16; we do expect O&M non-Callaway related O&M in this area to be down next year, but not that entire $0.16. So, yes, expect it to be down to some extent, but not the full amount.
Ashar Khan: Okay. Say more than $0.10 or so…
Warner Baxter: Ashar, I appreciate your desire to pin me down on that, but I would say just at this point we expect it to be down some. As you might imagine, we are still looking to finalize our plans for '19. Those are not set in stone, but we do have clarity that we do expect the number to be down.
Ashar Khan: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Kirk for any closing remarks.
Andrew Kirk: Thank you for participating in the call. A replay of this call will be available for one year on our Web site. If you have questions, you may call the contact listed on our earnings release. Financial analyst enquires should be directed to me, Andrew Kirk, or you should call Erin Davis. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q2  (2018-08-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas Fischer - Senior Director of IR Warner Baxter - Chairman, President & CEO Martin Lyons - EVP & CFO Michael Moehn - Chairman & President, Ameren Missouri
Analysts: Julien Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Andrew Levi - Exoduspoint Capital Management Greg Gordon - with Evercore  Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley Ashar Khan - Verition
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Ameren Corporation Second Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Doug Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Fischer. You may begin.
Douglas Fischer: Thank you, and good morning. On the call with me today are Warner Baxter, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Marty Lyons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; as well as other members of the Ameren management team. Warner and Marty will discuss our earnings results and guidance as well as provide a business update. Then we will open the call for questions. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast, and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on the amereninvestors.com website home page that will be referenced by our speakers. As noted on Page 2 of the presentation, comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the Forward-Looking Statement section in the news release we issued today and the Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors sections in our filings with the SEC. Lastly, all our per share earnings amounts discussed today during today's presentation including earnings guidance are presented on a diluted basis unless otherwise noted.  Now here's Warner, who will start on Page 4 of the presentation.
Warner Baxter: Thanks Doug. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Earlier today, we announced second quarter 2018 earnings of $0.97 per share compared to earnings of $0.79 per share in the second quarter of 2017. Year-over-year increase was driven by higher Ameren Missouri electric retail sales primarily due to extremely warm early summer temperatures compared to near-normal temperatures in the year-ago period. In addition, the comparison benefited from earnings on increased infrastructure investments made at Ameren Transmission, Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution and Ameren Illinois Natural Gas.  These favorable factors were partially offset by higher Ameren Missouri other operations and maintenance expenses, primarily reflecting higher-than-normal scheduled non-nuclear plant outage. Martin will discuss and other factors driving the quarterly results in more detail in a moment. We continue to focus on executing our strategic plan, which includes operating our businesses safely while strategically investing capital to serve our customers, achieving constructive outcomes in our regulatory proceeding, and exercising discipline cost management.  As a result of higher electric sales due to the extremely warm weather and solid execution of our strategy, we've raised our 2018 guidance range to $3.15 per share to $3.35, up from our prior range of $2.95 per share to $3.15 per share.  Moving now to Page 5. Here, we reiterate our strategic plan, which we have been executing very well over the last several years. That plan is expected to continue to result in strong, long-term investment and earnings growth. The first pillar of our strategy stresses investing in and operating our utilities in a manner consistent with existing regulatory frameworks. The results of that strategy has been our multi-year focus on investing in energy infrastructure for the long-term benefit of customers in jurisdictions that are supported by modern, constructive regulatory frameworks that provide fair, predictable and timely cost recovery. I am very pleased to say that with the recent enactment of constructive legislation in Missouri through Senate Bill 564, all four of our business segments now have constructive regulatory frameworks under which we can allocate significant amounts of capital to support much-needed investment with the benefit of our customers and the communities that we serve. I will cover the Missouri legislation in more detail in a moment. Of course, another important element of the first pillar of our strategy is achieving constructive outcomes in regulatory proceedings. As Martin will cover in more detail later, we have been very busy in Illinois in managing our electric and natural gas regulatory proceedings. We have been making solid progress and settling important issues with key stakeholders including an agreement in late July with the ICC staff on all issues in our pending natural gas distribution rate review. We expect final decisions from the ICC in these proceedings later this year. In Missouri, we recently reached a settlement with all parties to reduce electric rates associated with passing to customers, savings from the lower federal income tax rate and the Missouri Public Service Commission subsequently approved a settlement. Finally, another important element of the first pillar of our strategy has been and remains a relentless focus on continuous improvement, and disciplined cost management to keep rates affordable and keep -- and returns closed to allow returns in all of our jurisdictions. Turning now to Page 6 and the second pillar of our strategy, enhancing regulatory frameworks and advocating for responsible energy and economic policies. Over the years, we have been successful in executing this element of our strategy through extensive collaboration with key stakeholders in all of our regulatory jurisdictions. I am please to report that these efforts paid off again in the second quarter when the Missouri legislature passed Senate Bill 564 with strong bipartisan support in both chambers, and which was later signed by the governor. I view the passes of Senate Bill 564 as a win-win for our shareholders, our customers and the entire state of Missouri just as I did with the passage of grid modernization legislation in Illinois several years ago. Notably, this legislation enhances the Missouri regulatory framework to support investments in energy infrastructure, as well as cyber security and digital technologies, which benefits all stakeholders. In particular beginning later this month, Senate Bill 564 will improve our ability to earn a fair return on all qualifying capital investments made between rate cases by allowing us to defer for future recovery 85% of the depreciation expense and return on rate base later the plant placed in service between main cases. This provision applies to all qualifying plant placed in service after August 28 including plant related to investments that we outlined during our year-end conference call in February. As a result, this change in the regulatory framework will now enable Ameren to move forward with approximately $1 billion in incremental investment through 2023 to modernize Missouri's electric grid including installation of smart meters and deployment of other advanced technologies. These investments are expected to be largely additive to the five-year capital expenditure plan we outlined in February. For our shareholders, these incremental investments are expected to add to the already strong projected break base growth of 7% annually from 2018 to 2022 that we outlined in February. We are well under way and plan to produce significant capital projects and expect to provide an update to our capital investment, rate base and earnings growth plans either on our third quarter earnings conference call in November or during our year end conference call next February. Senate Bill 564 will also deliver significant benefits to our customers. In fact, it already has. In particular, it is enabled Ameren to begin to flow back to customers the benefits of federal tax reform. Effective August 1st, customers received a 6.1% rate reduction due to tax reform. Customers also wanted greater rate certainty in Senate Bill 564 delivers on this as well. Under the legislation, electric rates are frozen until April 1st, 2022 and average overall rate increases are capped at 2.85% compounded annually through 2023. We believe that we will be able to stay under this rate cap as we work to effectively manage costs throughout our business, including those associated with coal and related transportation costs, operations and maintenance, taxes and financing costs. Importantly, customers want an electric grid that is more reliable and secure, and they want to have a greater ability to manage their energy costs. The incremental $1 billion of investment I described earlier is targeted at projects that will deliver on all these fronts. Of course, Senate Bill 564 maintains continued strong Missouri PSC oversight and consumer protections. For the State of Missouri, this in criminal investment will clearly create good-paying jobs just as our incremental investment in Illinois has. In addition, this legislation includes new and meaningful economic development incentives for certain incremental electric sales to large energy users. These tools will help attract new companies to the state, as well as enable existing companies to expand ,all of which will drive economic growth and give us the ability to spread our fixed costs over a larger sales base over time. Bottom line is that Senate Bill 564 is a win-win for all stakeholders. Moving now to Page 7 for an update on our wind generation investment plans, which is directly tied to the third pillar of our strategy, grading and capitalizing on opportunities for investment for the benefit of our customers and shareholders? We continue to make progress on Ameren Missouri's proposed investment and at least 700 megawatts or approximately $1 billion of wind generation to achieve compliance with Missouri Renewable Energy Standard. We entered into an agreement with Terra- Gen to acquire after construction a 400 megawatt wind farm to be located in Northeast Missouri, the largest ever in the state.  Subsequently in late May, we filed for certificate of convenience and necessity with the Missouri PSC. This filing included a request to use the renewable energy standard rate adjustment mechanism. The rider that provides cost recovery between late cases. A decision on this CCN request is expected by January 2019. Further, we continue to hold discussions with other wind developers and expect to file for certificates of convenience and necessity for ownership of the balance of our wind generation needs later this year. And finally Regional Transmission Organization Interconnection studies are underway for all sites under consideration. We look forward to execute in this important component of Ameren Missouri's integrated resource plan because we believe that will deliver clear benefits to our customers, the environment and the communities we serve.  Turning now to Page 8. In February, we roll forward a five-year growth plan, which included our expectation of 5% to 7% compound annual earnings per share growth for the 2017 through 2022 period, using 2017 core earnings per share as a base. This earnings growth outlook was primarily driven by expected 7% compound annual rate base growth over the same period. Importantly, our five-year rate based growth projections do not include approximately $ 1 billion of incremental annual Missouri capital expenditures through 2023 associated with the enactment of Senate Bill 564, or the potential incremental Ameren Missouri investment of approximately $1 billion of wind generation by 2020. These incremental investments are expected to be largely additive to Ameren's overall five-year plan outlined in February. In closing, we accomplished a great deal during the second quarter. Our operations were solid, was contributed to improved reliability and customer satisfaction. Our earnings were strong, and we increased our 2018 earnings guidance. We entered into an agreement to acquire after construction a 400 megawatt wind farm which is the largest in the State of Missouri and will help us continue to diversify our generation portfolio. Further, we achieved a major strategic milestone with the passage of Constructive Legislation in Missouri, which we expect will strengthen our already strong infrastructure investment plans, and rate based growth outlook. Simply put, we're doing what we said we would do. We are executing on our strategic plan across all of our businesses, which is driving our strong, long-term earnings growth outlook. And when combined with our solid dividend yield which is currently about 3%, we believe results in a very attractive total return opportunity for shareholders compared to our regulated utility peers. The bottom line is that we are delivering superior long-term benefits for our customers, the communities we serve and our shareholders. Again, thank you all for joining us today. Now I'll turn the call over to Marty.
Martin Lyons: Thanks, Warner. Good morning, everyone. Turning now to page 10 of our presentation. As Warner mentioned, today we reported second quarter 2018 earnings of $0.97 per share compared to earnings of $0.79 per share for the year ago quarter. The key factors that drove the overall $0.18 per share increase are highlighted by segments on this page. Ameren Missouri, our largest segment and also the largest driver of year-over-year earnings improvement reported an increase of $0.20 per share, up from $0.49 per share in 2017 to $0.69 per share in 2018. As Warner mentioned, this improvement was driven by higher electric retail sales primarily due to near record temperatures compared to near normal temperatures experienced in the year ago period. For additional perspective, based on data for St. Louis going back to the late 1800s, April was the fourth coldest, May the hottest in June, the eighth hottest on record. Bottom line, this was quite an unusual quarter for weather. This favorable impact of higher sales was partially offset by an expected increase in other operations and maintenance expenses, primarily reflecting higher than normal scheduled non nuclear plant outages. Turning to the other segments. Earnings for Ameren Transmission were up slightly reflecting increased infrastructure investments. Earnings for Ameren Illinois Natural Gas were comparable as increased investment qualifying for the infrastructure rider was offset by a partial reversal of the first quarter 2018 federal income tax rate benefit. Finally, earnings for Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution were also comparable as increased investments in infrastructure contributed about $0.01 per share but this was offset by higher than normal non recoverable costs. In summary, we had a strong second quarter that contributed to increased first-half earnings across each of our four operating segments. Details on the year-to-date results are provided in the appendix of this presentation. Before moving on, let me briefly cover electric sales trends for Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution for the first six months of this year, compared to the first six months of last year. Weather normalized kilowatt hour sales to Missouri residential and commercial customers on a combined basis increased 2% excluding the effects of our energy efficiency plan under MEEIA. We exclude MEEIA effects because the program provides rate recovery to ensure that earnings are not affected by reduced electric sales resulting from our energy efficiency efforts. Weather normalized kilowatt hour sales to Illinois residential and commercial customers on a combined basis increased 1%. Recall the changes in electric sales in Illinois no matter the cause do not affect our earnings since we have full revenue decoupling. Moving to Page 11 of our presentation. I would now like to briefly touch on key drivers impacting our 2018 earnings guidance. As Warner stated, we raised our 2018 guidance range to $3.15 per share to $3.35 per share, up from our prior range of $2.95 per share to $3.15 per share. This updated guidance assumes normal temperatures for the second half of this year. Select earnings considerations for the balance of the year are listed on this page. These considerations are largely self explanatory and consistent with the 2018 earnings drivers and assumptions initially discussed on our February earnings call. I would like to note the last item on this page. As we pass to customers the benefit of the lower federal tax rate, we expect a difference between the recognition of revenue and income tax expense to cause quarterly variations for the balance of this year. However, this was not expected to impact full-year results.  Moving now to page 12 for discussion of select regulatory matters. For Ameren Transmission, there has been no change in the status of the second complaint case pending at the FERC that seeks to reduce the base allowed ROE for MISO Transmission owners. We continue to expect that the FERC commissioners will consider the court ruling in the New England ROE case, as well as the MISO Transmission owners' motion to dismiss the second MISO ROE complaint case, as both may influence the future MISO allowed ROE. Moving to Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution regulatory matters. In April, we made our required annual electric distribution rate update filing. Under Illinois's formula rate making, our utility is required to file annual rate updates to systematically adjust cash flows over time for changes in cost of service and to true up any prior period over or under recovery of such costs. In late June, the IC staff issued its recommendation and it was comparable to Ameren Illinois request. A decision is expected in December with new rates expected to be effective in January 2019. Moving to page 13 and Ameren Illinois Natural Gas regulatory matters. Earlier this year, we filed with the ICC for an annual increase in gas distribution rates using a 2019 future test year. In late July, we updated our request to incorporate an agreement with the ICC staff on all issues including a 9.87 % ROE and 50% equity ratio and $1.6 billion of rate base. A decision is expected in December with new rates expected to be effective in January 2019. Turning now to Missouri regulatory matters. As Warner mentioned, in July pursuant to Senate bill 564, the Missouri PSC approved passing the savings from the lower federal income tax rate to customers effective August 1st. This reduced customer rates 6.1% or $167 million annually and includes the flow back of excess deferred income taxes. In addition, consistent with the Missouri PSC order, we have accrued $47 million as of June 30th, 2018 representing tax benefits realized year-to-date, which will be flowed to customers following our next rate review. Recall that our earnings guidance for 2018 assumed the benefits of federal tax reform would be fully passed on to customers.  Finally, turning to page 14, I'll summarize. We are on track to deliver strong earnings growth in 2018 as we successfully execute our strategy. As we look over the longer term, we continue to expect strong earnings per share growth driven by a rate based growth and disciplined financial management. Further, we expect this growth to compare favorably with the growth of our regulated utility peers. The combination of our growth outlook and attractive dividend yield provides total shareholder return potential that we believe compares very favorably to our peers. Finally, I'd like to share one last point of recognition. After a 37-year career both covering Ameren and other utilities as an Investment Analyst or as our Senior Director of Investor Relations, Doug Fisher is retiring effective mid-august. I know Doug has many friends in the investment community as he does here at Ameren as a result of his hard work, knowledge, dedication and personality. I know that I am going to personally miss working closely with Doug, which I've enjoyed for these past 10 years. I would like to thank him and wish him, Cindy and his family well in the next chapter of his life. Thanks Doug. With that I'd like to let you know that Andrew Kirk, our new Director of Investor Relations will be leading our efforts in this important area going forward. Andrew has been with Ameren for 17 years including over four years in Investor Relations, and he'll be a great asset along with our newest IR team member Megan McPhail. Megan has been with Ameren for 10 years supporting our corporate modeling and treasury groups. I will now turn it back over to Warner for some closing remarks.
Warner Baxter: Thanks Marty. Look, I simply want to echo Marty's comments about Doug. As many of you know for decades, literally decades that was a respected industry analyst. He was always thoughtful, always prepared and certainly always steady. And that we're very fortunate that Doug join the Ameren team some 10 years ago. Now and he continued to be that thoughtful and respected voice to me, Marty and certainly to those in the investor community. And frankly in so doing meaningfully enhanced our investor relations program. So, Doug, thank you for your contributions to our company and our industry. You will certainly be missed. So in closing, I wish you Doug and your family the very best in health and happiness in your retirement. That concludes our prepared remarks. We will not invite questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin Smith with Bank of America/ Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Smith: Hey, good morning, everyone. Good. Well I want to echo the last two comments here, and I want to also send my congratulations to Doug. Andrew you guys have been great. Thank you very much and all the best. So and perhaps just to kick it off with a quick question here if I can. In terms of the legislation and what it means in Missouri just talking about sort of the meat and potatoes of lag expectations. Can you talk about the depreciation and deferral accounting and just to what extent, a; this could eventually change your capital budget spending sort of independent of the two factors that are out there that are not reflected. And then secondly, just as you think about sort of structural expectations particularly given a longer period in between the next rate case, how do you think about ROE lag over the next few years as well in Missouri? 
Warner Baxter: Thanks. Martin Lyons, you perhaps take that talk about some of the structural things around SB564 and then perhaps Michael Moehn, the president of our Missouri operations can sort of chime in. Marty?
Martin Lyons: Yes, sure, Julien. Appreciate the question. The biggest impact I would say of Senate Bill 564 over the next several years is going to be our expectation of deploying about a $1 billion of additional capital in a relative to the capital expenditure plan we put forward in December, and /or Fed announced in February. The driver of that really is the ability to defer depreciation and return on those projects that go into service in between rate cases. When I say defer, it's more specifically about 85% is 85% of those impacts on depreciation and return over time. So that should really help us to mitigate the impact we've had on regulatory lag of capital expenditures. As Warner mentioned in his talking points that accounting in that regulatory treatment applies to the vast majority of our capital expenditures not just the incremental billion as we move forward. So look, we're not-- giving specific guidance here today on the future as we roll those capital expenditures, and additional capital expenditures associated with wind into our longer-term capital expenditure plans, or rate based plans. We'll update our overall earnings growth guidance. I will tell you that key part of our strategy is to continuously improve our operating performance, and earn close to our allowed returns that will continue to be sort of a hallmark of our plans going forward is to work to be able to deploy the incremental capital while still earning close to our allowed returns. In terms of rate cases, we do have a moratorium for some time and then we'll begin to have the opportunity to have rate reviews going forward.  The earliest we can file our next rate case is in May of 2019, with rates going into effect in April of 2020. And the latest we can file our next rate review is May of 2020, with rates then going into effect after an 11 month review process, and approximately April of 2021. So those are the next sort of the goalposts, if you will, for the timing of our next rate case.
Julien Smith: It just sounds -- just to clarify that, it sounds if you can earn your allowed returns through that perhaps extended period.
Martin Lyons: That's going to be our goal is turn very close to our allowed in the next period. Look, Senate Bill 564 to be clear is not formulaic rate making. There is still the impacts of things like O&M expense or variations in interest or other factors that could move earning up or down relative to the allowed return coming out of a rate review. So but as we've said many times, the things that 564 addressed, the depreciation, the return on investment. Those were the things that were a significant driver of regulatory lag as we deployed incremental capital. So 564 is on point to address those things, and is going to allow us to deploy that incremental billion, but we'll still have to have financial discipline, strong financial management in order to continue to earn close to our allowed.
Warner Baxter: Which is certainly a key part of our strategy not a new one. It's one that we've been executing on. Michael, any final comments.
Michael Moehn: The only thing I was going to mention is I think we've said previously with respect to that $1 billion as a capital. If you think about it ratably over the next five years, and there going to be some variability in it but we're busy working to flush out what those plans are going to be over the next one in five years, and put that in front of the Commission.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson: Good morning. How are you? So congratulations, Doug. You must be excited. But, so I wanted to just follow-up on a few things. One was with respect to the Noranda start up, it's not Noranda anymore but the smelter, I think it's back to start up now again, is that correct?
Michael Moehn: It is. I think they're scheduled to start I believe two of the three pot lines and we are not really involved in that at this point. They've entered into an agreement with the municipal co-op down there to supply that power at this point.
Paul Patterson: Okay, fair enough. And then just sort of just a follow-up on all the activity that you mentioned and you mentioned of course that the $1 billion associated with the wind and the $1 billion associated with the wind the $1 billion associated with -- the other -- the grid mod is not in there. I was just wondering, are you thinking about -- are there any other opportunities that you guys are seeing, maybe, that we should maybe be thinking about? I know you guys are going to be updating the capital expense maybe the third or perhaps fourth quarter, but just sort of wondering if there's anything more we should be thinking about their?
Warner Baxter: So, Paul, this is Warner. As you step back I think our rate base growth is not just a five-year plan. We have a robust demand in the past, -- me to say, infrastructure plan beyond really through 2022 and it isn't just in Missouri. We've talked about good modernization there which is meaningful. We talked about renewable energy investments which too are meaningful, and it could be more in the future, but when you look at the investments that we still have in Illinois, now we're executing the grid modernization plan there, but we've talked in the past about the potential incremental investments we had to do in the gas business. We continue to deploy capital there because there's need but also because there's a great regulatory framework over there. And of course in transmission, we look at not just the multi-value projects which we're executing very well, but look there are a number of projects that we have to continue to execute there in terms of just system expansion. You think about NERC requirements. So we look at our overall infrastructure pipeline. It's robust across all of our businesses, and so our objective is to not only execute on the projects that we have in front of us over the next five years, but also to create and capitalize and infrastructure pipeline opportunities in the future. That has been our focus and will continue to be.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then just a clarification, I apologize, I didn't get it completely. The sales growth numbers, I think you said, in Missouri, weather-adjusted was 2% before the MEEIA. Can you just clarify a little bit of that? I apologize. I 'm just not picking up quick enough.
Martin Lyons: That's okay. Paul this is Marty. We talked about is in Missouri, the residential and commercial we're up about 2% excluding the energy efficiency programs under MEEIA. Industrial was also up about1.2%, and this is in the second quarter. Illinois residential and commercial customers were -- there sales were up about 1%. Industrial was up about 3% there. And we reminded folks in the prepared remarks of course in Illinois we have decoupling. So while sales were up and that's great it, there's no effect on earnings in Illinois because of the decoupling. So those are the statistics that we provided overall for the second quarter.
Paul Patterson: What do you make of the 2% though? I mean is that before energy efficiency? I am just wondering your energy efficiency efforts, I realize you can collect them or what have you but what would the impact be without it, I guess? Do you follow? What was the impact of it? Do you follow me in other words --? 
Martin Lyons : We have to look back; my recollection is we're up maybe 0.5% or so excluding the MEEIA impact. So it's still up even including I should say the MEEIA impacts. And I think overall what I make of it is its good trends. We've been seeing on --those are all actually the numbers I gave I think Q2 those were all year-to-date numbers that I gave you. And if you look across all of that we were up for residential, commercial industrial in both states. And I think it reflects them of the good underlined data too.  We've seen good growth in terms of residential and customer counts year-over-year in Missouri. Those are up about 0.8%. They're a little more flattish in Illinois, but seem good growth in those customer accounts in Missouri. Our unemployment it's been tracking well. We've seen job growth over the past year in both states. In Missouri --in our area in Missouri, the unemployment is around 3.6% versus nationally around 4% and in our service territory in Illinois its right about that national average, where we're sitting at about 4.1%. So I think the trend data and customer counts looks good and weather normalized sales looks good. And I'd say overall, we feel like the economic conditions in both states are stable. I think going forward, Paul, we're still thinking more about flat in terms of the sales growth. These are nice trends year-to-date, but we'll continue to monitor things long-term. Our --for our longer-term planning purposes, we've been thinking more about flattish in terms of the sales growth because while we are seeing positive underlying economic data, we do have these energy efficiency plans and therefore net we expect about flat.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andrew Levi with Exoduspoint Capital Management. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Levi: Hey, guys, good morning. I am doing well, congrats, another good quarter is racking it up, becoming like CMS and --, very impressive. And then, Doug, for you we spoke already so no other state, did a great job as always for 25 years, actually I know you can hit 25 years. 
Warner Baxter: Pretty amazing, it is pretty amazing.
Andrew Levi: Pretty scary, actually for all of us. 
Warner Baxter: We won't go into storytelling about Doug. Let us move on.
Andrew Levi: Yes. Anyway so back to the Q&A. Can we just timing-wise just to understand as far as the wind and as far as the grid mod relative to Missouri, new disclosures CapEx, growth rate guidance all that. When will that all be disclosed? Is that can be at EI or how should we think about that?
Warner Baxter: Marty, you want you to touch -- you hit on some of this in our talking points, but might you touch on some of the things we're thinking about either the third quarter or early next year. And then Michael perhaps you briefly touch on some of the things you're doing to prepare to move forward on those projects. So Marty?
Martin Lyons: Sure. As Warner just said, that we're thinking either at the earliest on our third quarter conference call which would obviously lead in the EI as you mentioned, or as we have done more traditionally on our year-end call which is in February. So that's the way to think about it. In terms of the spend in Missouri, the incremental $ 1billion for grid modernization that it would be expected to kick in beginning in 2019, and be fairly ratable but I'd say build some over the five-year period. And so that's how we see that laying out as we mentioned on the call in terms of the wind, while we have filed a certificate of convenience and need request with the Commission for the first 400, we're still working with developers on the remainder. We expect to have those done and filed by the end of the year. And all of that planning and execution work will factor into our thoughts in terms of when we update our longer-term guidance. Michael any additional thoughts?
Michael Moehn: Yes. I think the only thing to add that in addition to what you said about the wind would just be around the grid modernization. So we have some filings that we are going to will put in front of the Commission early in 2019 that will lay out the $ 1 billion has to be in a great deal of detail for one year out, a little less detail for the subsequent four years, but we're very focused on that today and being able to tell the story and the benefits for our customers.
Warner Baxter: So Andy all those factors as Marty said will go into the overall timing, and so this is why we haven't made a specific choice, if we're ready to do it in November, we will do so, if not we will provide the update during our February conference call.
Andrew Levi: Okay and just to make sure that I understand what you were saying that your current kind of forecast the five to seven and everything that's in the handout doesn't -- doesn't include any of that/
Warner Baxter: That's correct it. It does not include the $1 billion associated with grid modernization but a potential $ billion associated with the wind generation.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Gordon: Thanks. Doug, I think obviously it goes without saying, you've been fantastic. You've been a great peer as well as superbly professional, and we'll miss you and I'll be jealous of all the free time you're going to have. My question is with regard to --well I --presumption that when you give us the updated capital expenditure forecast, you're also going to tell us how you're going to need to finance that spending, right. So is it right to assume a base case of sort of $0.50 of every dollar of incremental capital is funded -- needs to be funded with equity and the rest can be funded with utility subsidiary debt which is roughly equivalent to the cap structure or can you walk us through either credit metric, current credit metrics where they stand and how that will frame up the use of the balance sheet to fund the growth?
Martin Lyons: Yes, Greg, yes, this is Marty. As it relates to the credit metrics and where we stand there with S&P right now of course we're the BBB plus. They've set an FFO to debt threshold of 13%. They've got a positive outlook there. At Moody's, we've got BAA1 at Ameren overall and at Missouri, Illinois A3 FFO to debt threshold there for all of those entities at 19%. And we don't typically disclose our exact metrics in terms of where we're at, but it feel comfortable as we sit here today with our current plan that we'd be able to achieve metrics at or above those levels. And we like the ratings we have today. As you know, we've worked hard to improve our business risk profile over time, and to maintain good credit metrics. And so we do like where they sit today. And as you also know when we updated our guidance at February which we had not a lot of capital expenditure plans but the incremental cash flows and rate base impacts of tax reform. We did decide at that time to begin to issue some equity under the dividend reinvestment, and employee benefit plans. Really with the goal of maintaining a strong balance sheet, 0maintaining good financial flexibility and good credit metrics. And those dividend reinvestment and employee benefit plans are expected to generate anywhere from to $75 million to $100 million a year in equity proceeds. As you mentioned, when we update our capital expenditure outlook or rate based growth plans for the incremental grid modernization, and wind investments, at that point we will step back and take a look at our overall plans with respect to financing that and will be taken into account the things I just talked about. Maintaining the strong balance sheet, credit metrics, credit ratings all of that. Thinking about what's prudent in terms of financing relative to those things. And then also making sure we think through how best to maximize shareholder value as we pursue putting those investments in to rate base and earning good returns for the shareholders.
Greg Gordon: Okay. So I should think about it more around --if I could theoretically come up with reasonably good estimate of what I think your current FFO to debt metrics are and assuming that they're at or above the targets that I put myself in your --put my Treasury hat on that I would look to manage to maintain those metrics whilst just trying to maximize the value for shareholders and build a financing plan that way.
Martin Lyons: I think you've exactly got it right. I mean I think from a finance treasury perspective we're balancing all of those things, making sure we've got good balance, good strong balance sheet, solid credit metrics relative to our existing ratings, and being thoughtful about how to position these things as we move through the regulatory process.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Stephen Byrd: Good morning. I mostly just wanted to congratulate Doug and Andrew. Doug, I wish you many, many happy years of retirement. And Andrew very well-deserved promotion. I did have a couple questions though. I just --this is stepping I guess way back and just building a little bit on Greg's and Andy's question. I mean that the regulatory and legislative wins that you've had you clearly provides some incremental opportunities and I guess that could be thought of as tactically beneficial sort of a tactical win or it could be thought more of as a structural movement upward in your ability to grow your earnings power, grow your investment. And with that a proportionate increase in kind of longer-term growth expectations. So I guess philosophically when you think about where you are now in terms of looking at your growth potential, do you think this is heading towards a structural shift upwards in your longer term growth potential? And is that something that you can address when you do give us that update?
Warner Baxter: So, Steven, this is Warner. Look, I don't know if you can call it -- whatever you want to call it, I called a significant strategic way, and it's a strategic win for shareholders, our customers and in the states that we operate in. So when I step back and I look at where we're at today we now have all four of the operating segments that we operate in with constructive regulatory frameworks. That support investment, important investment for the benefit of our customers, the communities that we serve and certainly our shareholders. And so as a result, we have said and we will put more capital to work in the state of Missouri just like we did in Illinois when they passed constructive legislation, and just like we had been in our transmission business when they have constructive jurisdictions there. And just like we did in our Illinois Natural Gas Distribution businesses. So where you call that a structural up lifts or not I call it an uplift period and I think it's strategic. And I think it's a win-win as I said during my talking points really for all stakeholders. 
Stephen Byrd: Thanks. And then I'm thinking about your insulation against rising interest rates or ways to address that. Illinois's got a very efficient mechanism. Let's just assume for the moment that interest rates did rise significantly, did you just talk to potential ways to enhance the allowed return on equity outside of Illinois in terms of mechanisms? I know there's extended transmission process, but I'm trying to kind of think through other ways that could be sort of you could use that an offensive way in terms of readjusting upward the allowed ROE.
Warner Baxter: Steven, this is Warner. I'll start and then maybe Marty you can add. Certainly you point out rightfully so Illinois has a very unique and constructive mechanism to address a rising interest rate environment. It's one of the few like it in the country, and when they put that together it was to mitigate this risk but obviously these low interest rate environment customers in Illinois have benefited immensely. But it is a mechanism that obviously adjusts immediately which we think is terrific, it should the need arise. And of course, you think about the other jurisdictions where we have the ability to go in for rate cases, when we deem it appropriate. And so while in Missouri we have a rate freeze through April of 2020, obviously, we respect that --will have to come in by 2021 and we have the ability to file rate cases when we believe it's appropriate. Just as we do in Illinois for our natural gas business to file rate cases. We have a forward test year there and so we can be mindful of those types of things to try and make sure that we match our cost of capital with changes in the interest rate environment. Transmission, a little bit different mechanism to get that, but we think too should the need arise we could go in there if interest rates rise sharply. We can get there in a timely fashion to address those types of issues. So I think under our existing frameworks we have the ability to address that potential risk, and then as I said before with Illinois we have really a unique mechanism to do even better. Marty anything else to comment on.
Martin Lyons: No. I think I just note that as it relates to update in the rate cases, as we talked on the call about a settlement in our gas case in Illinois where we've agreed with the staff in terms of a settlement moving the ROE there up from 9.6 to 9.87. So there is that opportunity as we go through these regulatory rate reviews. I had also mentioned more on the cost side too. We've done a lot over the past several years to take advantage of the lower interest rate environment to refinance debt. And as we've been doing that it have been really pushing out the maturity terms and the average tenor of our financings to provide some assurance there in terms of the interest cost we see over time. So I know that wasn't the exact point of your question. I think Warner answered your question head-on, but I thought I would add that point.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ashar Khan with Verition. Please proceed with your question.
Ashar Khan: Good morning. Congrats on good results and I just wanted to also add, thank you, Doug, for all your work and help during this time period. Marty can I just ask as you review your stuff for the update on the CapEx plan and can we expect that right now if I'm right the base of the CAGR is based on from 2017 to 2022, well now you have raised the guidance for I guess weather purposes but can we assume that you would update the base also when you provide --as we look forward or I'm just trying to better understand the parameter -- to change.
Martin Lyons: Sure, Ashar. No, yes, I think we would logically update the base and we'll decide what that will be. I mean you're right the current 5% to 7% compound annual EPS growth expectations that we have out there which are 2017 through 2022 or based off of a core EPS number in 2017 of 2.83. So as we roll forward our CapEx and rate based growth assumptions as we update our expectations on EPS growth, logically, we would establish a new base for that going forward.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Fischer for any closing remarks.
Douglas Fischer : Thank you. And thank you for participating in this call. And thank you to Warner and Marty for your kind remarks earlier. Thanks also to Andrew and his predecessor Matt there for their hard work and insight in helping execute Ameren's IR program over the last 10 ten years. I also want to especially thank you analyst analysts and investors for your friendship and for teaching me so much over the years. I will miss interacting with you. Let me remind you again that a replay of the call will be available for one year on our website. If you have questions you may call the contacts listed on our earnings release. Financial Analysts inquiries should be directed to me at least for the next few days. And to Andrew thereafter and also today as well. Media should call Erin Davis. Our contact numbers are on the release. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation. And have a wonderful day.

===== 2018 Q1  (2018-05-09 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas Fischer - Senior Director of IR Warner Baxter - Chairman, President & CEO Martin Lyons - EVP & CFO Michael Moehn - Chairman & President, Ameren Missouri
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - Bank of America Merrill Lynch Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Ashar Khan - Verition Fund Management Kevin Fallon - Citadel
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Ameren Corporation First Quarter 2018 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Doug Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you, sir. You may begin.
Douglas Fischer: Thank you, and good morning. On the call with me today are Warner Baxter, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Marty Lyons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; as well as other members of the Ameren management team. Warner and Marty will discuss our earnings results and guidance as well as provide a business update. Then we will open the call for questions. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast, and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited.  To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on the amereninvestors.com website home page that will be referenced by our speakers. As noted on Page 2 of the presentation, comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the Forward-Looking Statement section in the news release we issued today and the Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors sections in our filings with the SEC.  Now here's Warner, who will start on Page 4 of the presentation.
Warner Baxter: Thanks, Doug. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Earlier today, we announced first quarter 2018 earnings of $0.62 per share compared to $0.42 per share earned in the first quarter of 2017. The year-over-year increase of $0.20 per share was driven by higher Ameren Missouri electric service rates effective April 1, 2017, as well as higher Ameren Missouri electric retail sales, primarily due to colder winter temperatures this year compared to the very mild temperatures experienced in the year-ago period.  In addition, the comparison benefited from earnings on increased infrastructure investments made at Ameren Transmission, Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution and Ameren Illinois Natural Gas. Marty will discuss these and other factors driving the quarterly results in more detail in a moment.  I am also pleased to report that we remain on track to deliver strong earnings results in 2018 in the range of $2.95 per share to $3.15 per share. We continue to focus on executing our strategic plan, which includes operating our businesses safely, while strategically allocating capital and exercising disciplined cost management.  Moving to Page 5. Here we reiterate our strategic plan, which we have been executing very well over the last several years. That plan is expected to continue to result in strong long-term earnings growth. As you can see on the right side of this page, during the first 3 months of this year, we invested over $325 million, or nearly 60% of total capital expenditures in our transmission and distribution businesses, where investments are supported by regulatory frameworks that provide fair, predictable and timely cost recovery.  For Ameren Transmission, the Illinois rivers and Mark Twain projects remain on schedule for completion by the end of 2019, and we continue to make significant investments in Ameren Illinois local reliability projects. For Ameren Illinois Electric and Natural Gas Distribution businesses, substantial grid modernization investments continue, including replacing aging infrastructure, supporting system capacity additions, making reliability improvements and deploying smart electric meters and gas meter modules.  And finally, for Ameren Missouri, investments continue to be focused on providing a safe and adequate service across our entire system.  Speaking of Ameren Missouri, we are working on 2 key strategic initiatives that support important incremental investments that will deliver significant long-term benefits to our customers and the State of Missouri. These initiatives are our efforts to enhance the Missouri electric regulatory framework, and our plan to add significant wind generation to Ameren Missouri's energy portfolio.  Turning now to Page 6. I'll update you on the first of these strategic initiatives, our efforts to enhance the Missouri regulatory framework through legislation. As you know, over the last several years, Ameren Missouri has worked with other Missouri investor-owned electric utilities, state leaders and key stakeholders to modernize energy policies through legislation to support incremental investment in the state's energy grid. Consistent with the benefits we have seen in Illinois and around the country, modernized policies to support energy infrastructure investments would lead to a more reliable and smarter energy grid as well as provide greater tools for customers to manage their future energy usage. In addition, modernized policies will position us to meet our customers' energy needs and rising expectations and create significant quality jobs for Missouri. As most of you know, the Missouri Senate passed Senate Bill 564 earlier this year on a strong bipartisan vote. The bill is now ready to be taken up for consideration by the full Missouri House of Representatives. If the bill passes the House without amendments, it will be sent to the Governor. If enacted, Senate Bill 564 would significantly enhance Missouri's electric regulatory framework. In particular, it would support our ability to invest an incremental $1 billion in infrastructure for 2023 to deliver significant benefits to our customers and better position Missouri for the future.  In addition, the Missouri PSC would be granted onetime authority to pass on the customers, in a very timely fashion, the savings stemming from the lower federal income tax rate retroactive to January 1, 2018.  Further, customers would benefit from the rate certainty this legislation provides. Electric base rates will be frozen until April 1, 2020, and average overall rate increases would be capped at 2.85% compounded annually to 2023.  The legislation will also provide economic development rates for certain incremental electric sales to larger customers, and it would maintain continued strong Missouri PSC oversight and consumer protections. The bottom line is that passage of this legislation would create a win-win for our customers, the State of Missouri and our shareholders. We will continue to work closely with key stakeholders through the end of the session on May 18 to get this important legislation passed.  Moving on to Page 7 for an update on another key strategic initiative, our wind generation investment plans. We continue to make progress on Ameren Missouri's proposed investment in at least 700 megawatts for approximately $1 billion of wind generation to achieve compliance with Missouri's Renewable Energy Standard. In fact, we expect to file for certificates of convenience and necessity for ownership of at least 400 megawatts by June 30 with Missouri PSC. Decisions on these requests are expected within 6 to 10 months of filings.  Further, we continue to hold discussions with other wind developers and expect to file for certificates of convenience and necessity for ownership of the balance of our wind generation needs this year.  And finally, Regional Transmission Organization interconnection studies are already underway for sites under consideration. We look forward to executing this important component of our Integrated Resource Plan because we believe it would deliver clear benefits to our customers, the environment and the communities we serve.  Turning now to Page 8. In February, we rolled forward our 5-year growth plan, which includes our expectation of 5% to 7% compound annual earnings per share growth for the 2017 to 2022 period, choosing 2017 core earnings per share as a base. This earnings growth is primarily driven by expected 7% compound annual rate base growth over the same period. Importantly, our 5-year earnings and rate base growth projections do not include $1 billion of potential incremental capital expenditures through 2023 associated with the Missouri Senate Bill 564 or the incremental investment opportunity of approximately $1 billion of wind generation by 2020. Further, we have a strong long-term infrastructure investment pipeline beyond 2022.  In closing, we believe our strong earnings outlook, combined with our solid dividend, which currently provides a yield of approximately 3.2%, results in a very attractive total return opportunity for shareholders compared to our regulated utility peers.  Now before I turn the call over to Marty, I would like to mention 2 recent and important enhancements to our disclosures about environmental, social and governance matters. First, in March, we issued our initial EEI ESG/sustainability report, which will supplement Ameren's already substantial reporting on these issues. This report is part of a voluntary industry initiative, coordinated by the Edison Electric Institute, to provide electric industry investors with more uniform and consistent environmental, social, governance and sustainability related metrics. And finally, just last week, we issued our annual corporate social responsibility report. Both reports are available at amereninvestors.com.  Again, thank you all for joining us today, and I'll now turn the call over to Marty.
Martin Lyons: Thanks, Warner, and good morning, everyone. Turning now to Page 10 of our presentation. As Warner mentioned, today, we reported first quarter 2018 earnings of $0.62 per share compared to earnings of $0.42 per share for the year-ago quarter. The key factors that drove the overall $0.20 per share increase are highlighted by segment on this page.  First, I would like to note that the lower 2018 federal corporate income tax expenses were almost entirely offset by a reduction in revenue, reflecting the expected passthrough of those savings to customers.  For our transmission in Illinois electric and gas distribution segments, we have already received approvals from the FERC and ICC, respectively, to pass on approximately $115 million of 2018 federal tax savings to customers. And if Missouri Senate Bill 564 is enacted, that total would reach nearly $250 million.  Now back to first quarter results. Ameren Missouri, our largest segment, and also the largest driver of the year-over-year earnings improvement, reported an increase of $0.14 per share, up from $0.02 per share in 2017 to $0.16 per share in 2018. This improvement was driven by higher electric service rates effective April 1, 2017, as well as higher electric retail sales, primarily due to colder winter temperatures this year compared to the very mild temperatures experienced in the year-ago period. These 2 favorable factors were partially offset by higher other operations and maintenance expenses, primarily due to higher-than-normal scheduled nonnuclear plant outages.  Turning to Ameren Illinois Natural Gas results. Earnings for this segment grew $0.04 per share, reflecting increased infrastructure investments as well as benefits related to the lower 2018 federal income tax rate, though this tax benefit is expected to almost entirely reverse by year-end 2018.  Finally, earnings for Ameren Transmission and Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution were each up slightly, reflecting increased infrastructure investments. In summary, we had a positive start to the year with increased earnings across all four operating segments. Before moving on, let me briefly cover electric sales trends for Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution for the first 3 months of this year compared to the first 3 months of last year. Weather-normalized kilowatt-hour sales to Missouri residential and commercial customers on a combined basis increased about 0.5%, excluding the effects of our energy efficiency plan under MEEIA. We exclude MEEIA effects because the program provides rate recovery to ensure that earnings are not affected by reduced electric sales, resulting from our energy efficiency efforts.  Weather-normalized kilowatt-hour sales to Illinois residential and commercial customers on a combined basis increased about 1%. Recall that changes in electric sales in Illinois, no matter the cost, do not affect our earnings since the Future Energy Jobs Act provided for full revenue decoupling beginning in 2017.  Moving to Page 11 of our presentation. I would now like to briefly touch on key drivers impacting our 2018 earnings guidance. As Warner stated, we continue to expect 2018 diluted earnings to be in a range of $2.95 to $3.15 per share. Select earnings considerations for the balance of the year are listed on this page. I will not comment specifically on these considerations since they are largely self-explanatory and consistent with the 2018 earnings drivers and assumptions discussed on our February earnings call.  Moving now to Page 12 for a discussion of select regulatory matters. For Ameren Transmission, there has been no change in the status of the second complaint case pending at the FERC that seeks to reduce the base allowed ROE for MISO transmission owners. We continue to expect that the FERC commissioners will consider the court ruling in the New England ROE case as well as the MISO transmission owners' motion to dismiss the second MISO ROE complaint case, as both may influence the future MISO allowed ROE.  Moving to Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution regulatory matters. Last month, we made our required annual electric distribution rate update filing. Under Illinois' formula ratemaking, our utility is required to file annual rate updates to systematically adjust cash flows over time for changes in cost of service and to true-up any prior period over or under recovery of such cost. The ICC will review the matter in the months ahead, with the decision expected in December of this year and new rates effective early next year. For perspective, if the requested rate update is approved by the ICC, all-in 2019 residential electric grades for customers taking delivery and energy service from Ameren Illinois will have decreased by an estimated 1% since electric formula ratemaking began in 2012, even after incorporating substantial infrastructure investments made for the benefit of customers.  Moving to Page 13. In Ameren's natural gas regulatory matters, earlier this year, we filed with the ICC for an annual increase in gas distribution rates using a 2019 future test year. On this page, we have updated our request for stipulations and agreements with the ICC staff that incorporate a 9.87% allowed ROE and up to a 50% equity ratio. A decision is required by December of 2018, with new rates expected to be effective in January 2019.  Turning now Missouri regulatory matters. In late February, the Missouri PSC staff issued its report recommending the commission open a proceeding for each utility and pursue rate reductions to pass savings from the lower federal income tax rate onto customers. Of course, if Senate Bill 564 is enacted, Ameren Missouri would pass savings from the lower federal rate onto electric customers in a timely fashion and retroactively apply to January 1, 2018, pursuant to the bill's provisions.  Finally, turning to Page 14, I will summarize. We expect to deliver strong earnings growth in 2018, as we successfully execute our strategy. As we look over the longer term, we continue to expect strong earnings per share growth driven by rate-based growth and disciplined financial management. Further, we expect this growth to compare favorably with the growth of our regulated utility peers. In addition, Ameren shares continue to offer investors an attractive dividend. In total, we have an attractive total shareholder return story that, we believe, compares very favorably to our peers.  That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So I wanted to follow up first on the wind investment side of the equation. I just wanted to dig in a little bit on the 700 megawatts and the breakdown between the 400 and the balance, if you will. Can you talk a little about the sort of the time line here with respect to the incremental? You talked about the 400 being filed by June 30. What about the remainder here as far as the time when they see the CapEx dollars? And how should we be thinking about it if you ultimately are awarded this, the cadence of the CapEx, vis-à-vis the plan?
Warner Baxter: So Julien, this is Warner. I'll start with the overall timing and then I'll let Marty comment a little bit more on the CapEx piece. Now as we've said, we expect to file certificates of convenience for at least 400 megawatts by June 30. And then it is our expectation that we'll fill in the rest of our wind generation needs with agreements and filings with the Missouri Public Service Commission by the end of 2018. So Michael and his team in Ameren Missouri have been working hard with many of the developers, and they will continue to do so. So Marty, do you want to comment a little bit about the CapEx and the cadence associated with that?
Martin Lyons: Yes. Julien, taking your question in terms of the cadences, when would the CapEx occur relative to our plan. I think with regard to all of these projects, our objective is to get them in service by the end of 2020 in order to take advantage of the production tax credits depending upon how we finalize negotiations. For example, if they were ended up being build-transfer agreements, then, likely, the CapEx would really occur in that 2020 time frame. And again, the goal here is approximately 700 megawatts or at least 700 megawatts with approximately $1 billion of overall spending.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And just to clarify, why is it broken up between 400 and 300? Is it basically, if I were to read between the lines, the 400 you've sort of established and the 300 would be likely a build on transfer? Is that the right way to interpret this?
Warner Baxter: No, it's not, Julien. It's really just the status of our ongoing negotiations. So we have ongoing negotiations with multiple developers, and that's just how we see the time line unfolding this year in terms of completing negotiations and getting CCMs filed. It really does not have anything to do with the nature of the ultimate agreement, whether it be a build-transfer or otherwise. It's really just the situation where you're negotiating with multiple developers for multiple sites. Yes, but at the end of the day, the goal with respect to all 700 is to get that -- those megawatts into service, providing value to customers in the 2020 time frame.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. And then just as we come to the end of the legislative session here, sort of curious, what are options, if you will, be -- assuming there is an extension even beyond the end of the session here in the spring?
Warner Baxter: Julien, this is Warner. I'm not quite sure if I understand what you mean by options, but let me just tell you what we're focused on. We're focused on Senate Bill 564, which now has passed all the -- received approval by all the necessary legislative committees. It is now very well positioned for a final vote with the House -- in the House of Representatives. And so as you've been following this, I know you have, there's been a great deal of hard work, collaborative efforts and compromise to get this bill to where it's positioned now. And along the way, every time this bill has been reviewed by one of the committees, it has received strong bipartisan support. And so now, we have until May 18. And so Michael Moehn and his team are very focused on working with key stakeholders to make sure that bill gets adequate time in the floor and a vote in the House of Representatives.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. So it sounds like, for the time being, focused on the May 18 deadline and then we'll talk about anything after that in another point in time.
Warner Baxter: We are focused on May 18.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson: We're focused on May 18, as well. But anyway, just on the impact of the wind on rates, could you remind me what you guys are thinking in terms of what you think the impact of the wind projects might be on rates? We've seen some utilities talk about actual rates going down. I'm just wondering what you guys are thinking.
Martin Lyons: Yes. Paul, this is Marty. We have not said specifically what we expect the impact to be. Over time, as we file the -- for the certificates of convenience and need and updates, the commission on our plans for compliance with the Renewable Energy Standard, we'll certainly provide that information to them. Overall, what we have said, which is consistent with the law, is that we do believe that we can ultimately own the 700 megawatts to comply with the Renewable Energy Standard, that the overall investment it'll make and the impact on customer rates would result in rates, on average, rising less than 1% on average over a 10-year period -- projected period, following the wind being put in place. And that's really a requirement of the Renewable Energy Standard. That's not to say, however, that we expect that rates would rise that much necessarily on average. As you note, there could certainly be expected benefits from the wind over time depending especially on what power prices are over time. So in any event, we haven't said specifically, but we will be providing those updates to the commissions through time. And we do expect that, like I said, we'll be able to deliver these projects and keep the impact on rates that -- under that 1% average.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Great. And then on the tax side, if the legislation were to happen, how would we think about this offset that you guys have, I guess, in booking in terms of the tax benefit, if you follow me? How would we think about that in -- how should we think about the tax benefit impacting your earnings if for the -- I know you guys don't expect this, but if the legislation were, for some reason, not to happen, how should we think about it?
Warner Baxter: Well, I think, if the legislation comes passed, number one, we would expect that the commission would have a proceeding then to figure out how much and over what period of time we would end up providing the benefits of the tax reform to customers. Again, as required by law, that proceeding could be initiated. Right now, as it relates to our financial results, just to be clear, our financial results for the first quarter don't assume that any benefit is retained by the shareholders and that we've established an accrual for the expectation of ultimately providing that benefit back to customers. Michael, do you have finer point?
Michael Moehn: I would just going to add, assuming the legislation is passed, just to be clear, within 90 days, we will be refunding that amount back to customers. And so that's spelled out in the legislation very clearly.
Paul Patterson: Okay. So just to clarify, as far as earnings being reported, we should expect the legislation to impact that one way or the other from our perspective. Do you follow me? Is that understanding that correctly?
Warner Baxter: Yes, you are understanding that correctly, Paul.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And we'll just wait till the 18th to see what happens.
Warner Baxter: You bet.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc Capital Markets.
Paul Ridzon: Just a follow-up to Paul's question. If legislation would not to pass, would it require a rate case to decide -- to give the tax advantage back to rate peers?
Michael Moehn: Yes. And we would have to go through the normal rate proceeding process to figure that out and, ultimately, get that back to customers. That's correct.
Paul Ridzon: And would that be retroactive to January 1 of '18?
Michael Moehn: Yet to be determined.
Paul Ridzon: And then just now you've kind of added another $1 billion to the -- to potential on the top of wind if the legislation passes. Would this -- what could your rate base CAGR be? Would you just place some capital and reshuffle projects? Or would this be completely additive?
Martin Lyons: Paul, this is Marty. It would largely be additive. Look, we need to bring the wind into the portfolio for compliance with the Renewable Energy Standard. And we've said that to the extent that this legislation passes, we will invest more in the State of Missouri. We've talked frequently about this potential for $1 billion of investment over a 5-year period. So we said repeatedly, we will invest more in Missouri. We've not said exactly what that growth rate would be. And we said that, overall, as a company, we would step back, however, and take a holistic look at our capital expenditure plan. We may make some modification to our overall 5-year spending plan. But largely, this -- that $2 billion would be additive.
Paul Ridzon: So more patterns have been extending the growth rate. Okay. And then just on 564 in the House, what are the hurdles? And who could trip this up?
Warner Baxter: Paul, in terms of the hurdles, as I said at the outset, and I'll let Michael comment on some more of the specifics. It's gone through all the legislative committees. There are no more committee hearings to be had. It is on the House calendar. And it is ready to go to the floor when that House leadership chooses to have it go to the floor. And so Michael, any other commentary beyond that?
Michael Moehn: No, other than, again, just to reiterate that it has continued to experience, I think, strong bipartisan support. As Warner said, it's been through all the various committees, the House Utilities, House Rules. So it's on the calendar and can be debated at any time. And we certainly remain optimistic it will be debated with -- within the next week or so.
Warner Baxter: Because the bottom line, we've talked a lot about bipartisan support. I think it's important to recognize that key stakeholders from across the state support this legislation. And so at the end of the day, we remain hopeful that it'll have an opportunity to have this bill now and debated with [indiscernible] on the floor of the House by the end of the legislative session.
Paul Ridzon: In the past, I mean, it's similar legislation has enjoyed bipartisan support, but it only takes 1 or 2. Where are those parties now?
Michael Moehn: Well, look, I think that with the issues in the past, we've had difficulty getting Senate votes. This is a Senate Bill in the House. I think that's just important to recognize. So we did, going back to February, had a long filibuster and, ultimately, a good compromise and a bill that came out of the Senate, 25 to 6, again, a strong bipartisan support. And again, it's gone through the various committees. So we have never been this close, never been this far through the process. And so again, we remain hopeful that it certainly gets debated within the next week or so. I think the support is there for it. Clearly, the benefits are there for the State of Missouri in terms of what we've talked about in the income tax refund, obviously, the rate freeze, the rate cap, the investment in the State of Missouri, the creation of jobs, the economic development riders, et cetera.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: One Missouri question and then, actually, one for Illinois and then maybe a housekeeping one, so three in total. First, the Missouri question. Just bigger, broader, not just this legislation, but legislation in general. Has -- in the last 30 to 60 days, have any new bills made its way out of the House in the Senate and actually been signed by the Governor in the last 60 days or so?
Warner Baxter: So Michael, this is Warner. There has been a bill that went out on environmental matters that went out that was approved, but it hasn't been signed by the Governor. Michael, why don't you talk about the...
Michael Moehn: Warner's commenting on a bill that's specific to us. I mean, obviously, I think the State of Missouri continues to conduct its business. I think there's bills being passed, and I can't comment on what the Governor has signed or not signed. But I do know that the legislature can [indiscernible].specifically, as Warner said to us, we passed a bill related to some coal combustion residuals last week.
Michael Lapides: Okay. And that bill is awaiting the Governor's signature or has been signed and is now officially law.
Michael Moehn: It is awaiting the Governor's signature.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Want to ask a question about Illinois and the need for incremental transmission and/or distribution investment. And I know you've kind of laid out your incremental -- your CapEx plan starting back in the fall for the next 5 years. But just curious, what are things that could move the needle on that plan, I mean, make that plan look very different this time next year versus what you show on the slide decks now? What are some of the things that could, "Hey, we're not putting this into our CapEx guidance, but these are things in Illinois that could really change the CapEx outlook," either on the T side or the D side?
Martin Lyons: Yes. Michael, this is Marty. I think the -- look, our growth rates, as you know, are pretty robust in Illinois today. I mean, we've got 12.3% kind of growth rates for gas. We've got 8.4% for electric distribution. And our transmission business, overall, is growing at about a 12% compound annual rate. And there's a significant amount of that, that's actually in the Ameren Illinois business. So already growing at pretty good clips. As we look ahead, we do see a continuation of strong growth in all of those areas. In general, I'd say, there's still quite a bit of investment to be done for replacement of aging infrastructure, for reliability as well as capacity additions and safety. The electric business, obviously, substation, transformer replacements, underground replacements, line rebuilds, poor replacement, various grid modernization of the gas business, transmission replacement, regulator station rebuilds, coupled steel system and gas storage filled compressors, et cetera, so there's a lot of investment over the next 5 years and beyond, as it relates to those businesses. Same thing transmission as it relates to aging structures, shield wire conductors, transformers, breakers, switches, et cetera. So there's a lot of components that are in need of modernization and it's -- that investment opportunity extends beyond the five years. I don't know if there's really anything specific to point to. We've been waiting for some new regulations in the gas business for some time now that may cause us to increase even further level of investment there we have in terms of modernization of our infrastructure. But certainly, the expenditures that we've got planned over the next 5 years and beyond should put us in a good position in terms of compliance with those rules. But that is one of the things, obviously, to look for as you think about future investment.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And then one last item, just a little bit of the housekeeping side. The expected planned outages or planned work in Missouri on the nonnuclear fleet, is that just a 2018 item? I think it's $0.11 or $0.12 headwind in 2018. Will all of that go away when we think about 2019, so it's just a -- it's a little bit of an incremental bump to '18, but it's kind of a once every 5 or 10 years' thing? Or will some of that drag into either '19, '20 and beyond?
Martin Lyons: Yes. What we're seeing there is, we took on more of that this year in light of the fact that there was no Callaway refueling outage. So in terms of that type of expense, I would expect to see that drop down as you move into 2019. But as I noted in February, I wouldn't really consider those to be onetime expenses, and I don't really think that we should look at those as something that's occurring this year, but won't reoccur next year. It's something that the amount varies from year to year. And I think you'd expect that we would do more of that in a non-Callaway refueling year. So I guess, bottom line is, Michael, I would expect some further expenses of that nature next year, but, perhaps, not at the level that we're seeing this year.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ashar Khan with Verition Fund Management.
Ashar Khan: Marty, can I just understand one thing? I know we have the, under the legislation, certain price gaps, but is it fair to say that the investments that we would make, right, as part of the legislation and as well as part of the wind investment that have to be done in -- by 2020 that we should, as a shareholder, be expecting to get a return on those investments once they're fully in by the year, I guess, 2021 as we take on the wind and all that, so we should be able to -- on the earnings, as you show them on the book, be able to get a return on those investments as they are fully completed?
Michael Moehn: This is Michael Moehn. With respect to the caps, the 2.85% that you referenced, yes, I mean, the $1 billion incremental investment we've talked about, the wind investment, we are assuming all of those that underneath the 2.85% cap. And obviously, we'll have to continue to manage things closely as we have been from a discipled cost management side. But absolutely, you should be expecting a return on those investments.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul Ridzon: A quick follow-up. You said that Illinois gas benefited from some tax timing issues. How much was that?
Warner Baxter: Yes, Paul. it's a good question. It's, honestly, about $0.01 to $0.02 in terms of the timing impact.
Paul Ridzon: And that will reverse by the end of the year, yes.
Warner Baxter: Yes, exactly. So the natural gas segment earnings were up about $0.04. And like I said, $0.01 to $0.02 of that would reverse over the remainder of the year.
Paul Ridzon: And then the fossil outages that are going to be $0.11 for the balance of the year, should we think that those are -- in the shoulder months, we should those in the 2Q and 4Q?
Warner Baxter: Yes, yes. I think that's a fair assumption in terms of those overall expenses. When we talked -- when we gave our guidance in the beginning of the year and we said higher O&M in Missouri of $0.14 and we talked about the scheduled nonnuclear outages, which you're right, would generally occur in shoulder months. Also talked about timing of vegetation and management, routine line inspections, which would be more ratable for the year. But you're absolutely right as it relates to the outage cost.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Fallon with Citadel.
Kevin Fallon: Just a question for you on the transmission businesses. You have a thicker equity ratio at ATXI than you do at Ameren Illinois transmission. Is there any chance that you guys could increase the equity ratio at the -- at Ameren Illinois transmission up to the 56%? And if so, how do you have to do that?
Martin Lyons: Yes, Kevin. This is Marty. At -- the Ameren Illinois would really reflect the capital structure of that legal entity, so I would say to assume that going forward. And of course, it's a holistic business, Ameren Illinois with gas, electric and transmission. As we noted earlier, both in the gas and the electric distribution businesses, we're targeting a 50% equity ratio there in keeping with the agreements we have for ratemaking under both of those 2 areas. So again, Kevin, I would look, as you look ahead of today and in the future, I'd simply look at the equity ratio for the Ameren Illinois business overall.
Kevin Fallon: Okay. That's helpful. And then on the timing on a CapEx refresh, assuming a legislation in Missouri gets done by the 18th, when are you guys going to be in a position to actually refresh your outlook?
Warner Baxter: I think, Kevin, given the spot, obviously, we've reported out today, both in our prepared remarks and our Q&A sort of the status for the ongoing wind negotiations, they're again looking to file CCNs some by June 30, some by later in the year. We've updated you on the situation in terms of the legislation. Look, I mean, as we look ahead, I think it'd be reasonable to assume that we might update the plans as early as the third quarter call. But then, again, as has been more typical, we've done that in conjunction with our year-end call. So I think we will -- again, we're progressing well on both of those initiatives, but I think we'll let both of those things play out a little further and be thinking again, either late this year or early next in terms of an update.
Kevin Fallon: And just to clarify, on the legislative related to CapEx, you guys already have a line of sight of what you want to do, correct, like, you know what the projects are behind the $1 billion?
Michael Moehn: Yes. I mean, we filed a filing back in 2016 that outlined $1 billion. And I would say that we continue to refine that and make sure that we got exactly the right projects. But that gives you a pretty good glimpse on where we're headed on grid modernization.
Operator: Our next question is a follow-up from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Nitty-gritty tax reform question probably for Marty. Have you all quantified what the excess or unprotected accumulated deferred federal income tax is? And what the time horizon -- either on the Missouri bill or in something in the Illinois, what the time horizon is for refunding that level back to customers?
Martin Lyons: Michael, probably in the details with the regulatory filings, those things are probably embedded. But I'll be honest with you, off the top of my head, I don't have that number. And I do think that the actual timing of the flowback is somewhat still up in the air as it relates to -- especially in Missouri where we don't yet have a definitive time line on -- or amount that would be flowing back to customers. So that's something, Michael, I just don't have at the top of my head. We can see if we can provide that to you over time. But I don't think either -- that we have it in our 10-Q that we plan to file, either. So that's maybe something we'll have to provide you over time.
Operator: We have reached the end of the question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Fischer for closing comments.
Douglas Fischer: Thank you. Thank you for participating in this call. Let me remind you again that a replay of the call will be available for one year on our website. If you have questions, you may call the contacts listed on our earnings release. Financial analyst inquiries should be directed to me, Doug Fischer; or my associate, Andrew Kirk. Media should call Joe Muehlenkamp. Our contact numbers are on the release. Again, thanks for your interest in Ameren, and have a great day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q4  (2018-02-16 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Doug Fischer – Senior Director of Investor Relations Warner Baxter – Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Martin Lyons – Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Michael Moehn – Chairman and President of Ameren Missouri
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Research Andrew Levi – Avon Capital Advisors Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management LP Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets Neil Kalton – Wells Fargo Securities
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Ameren Corporation’s Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Doug Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Fischer. You may begin.
Doug Fischer: Thank you, and good morning. On the call with me today are Warner Baxter, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Marty Lyons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; as well as other members of the Ameren management team. Warner and Marty will discuss our earnings results and guidance as well as provide a business update. Then we will open the call for questions. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today’s live broadcast, and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on the amereninvestors.com website homepage that will be referenced by our speakers. As noted on Page 2 of the presentation, comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the Forward-looking Statements section in the news release we issued today and the Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors sections in our filings with the SEC. Lastly, all per share earnings amounts discussed during today’s presentation, including earnings guidance, are presented on a diluted basis, unless otherwise noted. Now, here’s Warner, who will start on Page 4 of the presentation.
Warner Baxter: Thanks, Doug. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Before I begin my business update, I first want to express my deep appreciation to our coworkers who volunteered to leave their families work weeks to support Puerto Rico in this hurricane restoration efforts as well as offer best wishes to a second group of coworkers who are heading to the island to continue this important work. It’s been a historic year for restoration efforts following Hurricanes Harvey, Irma and Maria, which impacted so many in Texas, Florida and Puerto Rico. I’m so proud of all of our coworkers who volunteered to support this important restoration efforts as well as those who stayed behind and handled extra duties while they were gone. These efforts displayed incredible teamwork and commitment to our mission to power the quality of life. Now moving to our financial results. Earlier today, we announced 2017 core earnings of $2.83 per share compared to $2.68 per share earned in 2016. This marks another year of strong growth driven by the successful execution of our strategy across our businesses. While Marty will discuss the drivers of these results in a few minutes, I’d like to highlight some areas of our team’s strong performance in 2017. Last year, we continue to exercise discipline, cost management and strategically allocated capital to our businesses that were supported by constructive regulatory frameworks. We also effectively managed capital projects across all of our businesses, which ultimately delivered value to our customers. ATXI’s three major transmission projects proceeded very well, as noted on this page. We continue to make significant good modernization investments in our Illinois electric and natural gas distribution businesses, including the continued deployment of smart electric meters and gas modules, which combined, are now about two-thirds complete. In addition, Callaway safely concluded its major refueling and maintenance outage in December. Another key 2017 accomplishment was the constructive outcome achieved by Ameren Missouri in its electric rate review. As a result, new electric rates will need to effect in April, heavily impacting our results and supporting Ameren Missouri’s efforts to earn a fair return on the electric utility infrastructure investments made for the benefit of customers. Further, last fall, Ameren Missouri filed a new Integrated Resource Plan with the Missouri Public Service Commission, which meaningfully advances the transition of our power generation to a cleaner, more diverse energy portfolio. And finally, working together with many of our nation’s investor-owned utilities, we successfully advocated for key income tax provisions in the recently enacted federal income tax reform law that would change important tax benefits for both customers and shareholders. As you can see, we successfully executed our strategy in 2017, which delivered significant value for our customers and shareholders. Turning now to Page 5, in earnings guidance. First, we expect our 2018 earnings per share to be in a range of $2.95 to $3.15 per share. Earnings within this range will deliver strong growth again in 2018. As the midpoint, this guidance represents nearly 8% earnings per share growth compared to 2017 core results. Marty will provide you with more details on our 2018 guidance a bit later. Building on a robust earnings growth over the past several years, I am also pleased to announce that we have rolled forward our long-term guidance, and we expect strong 5% to 7% compound annual earnings growth for the 2017 through 2022 period, using 2017 core earnings as a base. This long-term earnings growth outlook is driven by continued execution of our strategy, including investing in infrastructure for the benefit of customers. And, as I would discuss further in a moment, this guidance does not reflect significant incremental infrastructure investment opportunities in Missouri. Turning to Page 6. We expect to grow our rate base in an approximately 7% compound annual rate over 2017 through 2022 period. Our plan again includes strategically allocating capital to those businesses that operate in jurisdictions with constructive regulatory frameworks. This is reflected in the expected rate base growth for each of these businesses as noted in the graph on the right side of this page. I would also note that lowered deferred tax balances related to federal tax reform is driving faster rate base growth in each of our jurisdictions. For example, Missouri’s rate base growth would’ve been in the range of 2% to 2.5%, not for the positive impacts of federal tax reform on rate base. Marty will discuss tax reform impacts in greater detail later in the call. Importantly, our five year earnings and rate base growth projections do not include the incremental investment opportunity of approximately $1 billion of wind generation by 2020, proposed in Ameren Missouri’s Integrated Resource Plan that I discussed earlier. We expect to add these investments to our multiyear rate base outlook as we finalize pending negotiations with wind developers and move further into the regulatory approval process in Missouri, which I will cover in a few moments. In addition, a five year earnings and rate base growth plan does not include approximately $1 billion of potential incremental capital expenditures for 2023, that we would expect to execute if legislation is enacted to support grid modernization and infrastructure investment. Speaking of this important legislation, I now direct you to Page 7 of the presentation. As you know, for several years, we, along with our investor-owned electric industry colleagues in Missouri, have been focused on enhancing the state’s regulatory framework to support critical energy infrastructure investment. Consistent with the benefits we’ve seen in Illinois and around the country, modernized policies to support energy infrastructure investments will lead to a more reliable and smarter energy grid, provide greater tools for customers to manage their future energy usage, position us to meet our customers energy needs and rising expectations and create significant quality jobs for Missouri. With these benefits in mind, I am pleased to report that the Senate passed Senate Bill 564 yesterday by a strong bipartisan vote. In the passage of this bill is a result of hard work, collaboration and compromise by many parties. The Bill now head to the House of Representatives. Key provisions of Senate Bill 564 for electric utility service are outlined on this page. If enacted, as currently written, this legislation will support our ability to invest an incremental $1 billion in infrastructure through 2023 that would drive significant long-term benefits to customers, and create good paying jobs as well as earn fair returns on those investments. The legislation will also benefit customers that provide in the Missouri Public Service Commission onetime authority to pass on savings stemming from the lower federal corporate income tax rate in a very timely fashion. The legislation also provide economic development raise for certain incremental electric sales. Further, one of the most significant customer benefits is the rates certainty this legislation will provide. Base rates would be frozen through March 31, 2020. The average overall rate increases will be capped at 2.85% compounded annually to 2023. The provisions of Senate Bill 564 can be extended through 2028 if requested by the Electric Utility and approved by the Missouri PSC. Finally, this bill would maintain continued strong Missouri PSC oversight. The legislative session ends on May 2018. Moving now to Page 8 for an update on our wind generation investment plans that I referenced earlier. We’re in advanced negotiations with multiple wind developers for the development, construction and purchase of at least 700 megawatts of generation to achieve compliance with the Missouri Renewable Energy Standard. Upon reaching agreements with wind developers, we will file requests for certificates of convenience and necessity for each project with the Missouri PSC, which we expect will be made in the first half of 2018. We plan to include in our certificate filings request for authorization to use Missouri’s Renewable Energy Standard rate adjustment mechanism. This mechanism provides timely rate recovery of renewable energy costs related to the compliance with the State’s Renewable Energy Standard. And finally, Regional Transmission Organization interconnection studies are already underway for these projects. We look forward to executing this important component of the Integrated Resource Plan because we believe it will deliver clear benefits to our customers, the environment and the communities we serve. Turning now to Page 9. As we look to the future, successful execution of our five year plan is not only focused on delivering strong results for 2022, it’s also designed to position Ameren for success over the next decade and beyond. We believe that the energy grid will be increasingly important as we expect Ameren and our industry to be critical enablers of advancing technologies that will bring even greater value to our customers, the communities we serve and our shareholders. With this long-term view in mind, we are already making investments that will position Ameren to meet our customers’ future energy needs and rising expectations. This will also put increased electrification of the transportation sector and other industrial processes. In addition to focusing on investment in the energy grid, we are also committed to transitioning Ameren Missouri’s generation to a cleaner, more diverse portfolio in a responsible fashion. Ameren Missouri’s IRP issued last September, included targets for reducing carbon emissions, included an 80% reduction by 2050 from 2005 levels. We’re also actively engaged in and continue to support regulatory proceedings in both Illinois and Missouri that are looking at emerging industry issues, including grid modernization and increasing electrification. The bottom line is that we are taking steps today across-the-board to position Ameren for success in 2018, the next five years, the next decade and beyond. Moving to Page 10. I am firmly convinced that the execution of our strategy in 2018 and beyond would deliver superior value to our customers and our shareholders. We believe that earnings and rate base growth rates I just discussed compare favorably with those by our regulated utility peers. And, as I noted previously, these estimates do not include significant incremental investment opportunities in wind generation and energy grid monetization.
, : Again, thank you all for joining us today, and I’ll now turn the call over to Marty. Marty?
Martin Lyons: Thanks, Warner, and good morning everyone. Turning now to Page 12 of our presentation. Today, we reported 2017 GAAP earnings of $2.14 per share compared to GAAP earnings of $2.68 per share for the prior year. As you can see in the table on this page, the 2017 GAAP earnings included two noncash charges, primarily at the parent company, that decreased earnings by a combined $168 million or $0.69 per diluted share, reflecting the revaluation of deferred taxes as a result of changes in Illinois and federal income tax rates. Excluding these charges, Ameren recorded 2017 core earnings of $691 million or $2.83 per diluted share, which compared favorably to our last guidance range of $2.73 to $2.87 per share. There were no differences between GAAP and core earnings for 2016. Turning to Page 13. We highlight by segment the key factors that drove the overall $0.15 per share increase in 2017 core earnings compared to 2016 results. Starting with Ameren Transmission, here, the earnings per share contribution increased $0.10 per share from $0.48 in 2016 to $0.58 in 2017. This 21% growth was primarily driven by earnings on increased infrastructure investments at ATXI and Ameren Illinois, partially offset by a lower allowed return on equity of 10.82% for 2017 compared to an average of approximately 11.3% for the prior year. In 2016, our Transmission segment benefited from a temporarily higher FERC-allowed ROE that extended from mid-May to late September 2016 when the FERC adjusted MISOs based ROE to its current level. Turning to Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution. Earnings for this segment grew from $0.52 per share in 2016 to $0.54 per share in 2017, reflecting increasing infrastructure investments as well as a higher allowed return on equity under formulaic rate making of 8.7% compared to 8.4% for the prior year. The 2017 allowed ROE was based on a 2017 average 30- year Treasury yield of 2.9%, up from the 2016 average of 2.6%. Ameren Illinois Natural Gas distribution earnings were up slightly due to infrastructure investment. Moving to Ameren Missouri, our largest segment. Here, earnings increased from $1.47 per share in 2016 to $1.48 per share in 2017. The earnings benefit from new electric service rates was largely offset by the unfavorable impacts of lower electric retail sales, primarily driven by milder summer temperatures, higher depreciation and transmission expenses and the absence of the 2016 performance incentive award related to the 2013 through 2015 energy efficiency plan. Finally, the Ameren parent and other results comparison was positively impacted by a lower core effective income tax rate, which was largely offset by lower tax benefits associated with share- based compensation. Before moving, let me briefly cover electric sales trends for Ameren Missouri and the Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution for 2017 compared to 2016. Weather-normalized kilowatt- hour sales to Missouri residential and commercial customers on a combined basis were flat, excluding the 2016 leap day sales benefit and the effects of our Missouri energy efficiency plan under MEEIA. We exclude MEEIA effects because the plan provides rate recovery to ensure that earnings are not affected by reduced electric sales resulting from our energy efficiency efforts. Kilowatt-hour sales to Missouri industrial customers increased 1.5%, excluding sales to the New Madrid smelter, which shut down operations during the first quarter of 2016 and excluding leap day and MEEIA effects. Weather-normalized kilowatt-hour sales to Illinois residential and commercial customers on a combined basis decreased 1%, primarily driven by energy efficiency, while kilowatt-hour sales to sales to Illinois industrial customers decreased 3%, due to lower sales to a large low- margin processor of agricultural products. Recall that changes in electric sales in Illinois, no matter the cause, do not impact our earnings since the Future Energy Jobs Act provided full revenue decoupling beginning in 2017. Turning now to Page 14. Before I discuss our new five-year capital investment plans and 2018 earnings and cash flow outlook, I would like to discuss the impacts of federal income tax reform. Working together with many of our nation’s investor-owned utilities, we were able to retain important tax benefits for both customers and shareholders as outlined on the top portion of this page. In terms of impacts for Ameren, as noted at the bottom of the page, we expect that the combination of the lower tax rate on new deferred taxes, the end-of-bonus depreciation and the flowback of excess deferred taxes will decrease cash flow from operations and increase rate base by approximately $1 billion over the 2018 through 2022 period. In addition, we expect our parent company interest expense to be deductible. However, the lower federal rate reduced the tax benefits associated with parent company and other unrecoverable costs. Finally, the change in the federal tax rate resulted in a noncash, non-core charge to 2017 earnings that I discussed earlier. Overall, federal corporate income tax reform delivers significant benefits to customers and supports our strong earnings growth outlook, as Warner mentioned. Moving to Page 15 of the presentation. Here, we provide an overview of our approximately $11 billion of planned capital expenditures for the 2018 through 2022 period by business segment that supports the rate base growth Warner discussed earlier. Note, the capital expenditures and rate base shown on this page exclude Ameren Missouri’s proposed wind generation and incremental grid modernization investments related to pending Missouri legislation. Turning to Page 16. Here, we outlined the expected funding sources, including significant income tax deferrals and substantial tax assets, for the infrastructure investments noted on the prior page. The tax deferrals are driven primarily by timing differences between financial statement depreciation and accelerated depreciation for tax purposes under makers, which was retained in the new federal tax law. The tax assets include approximately $250 million at the parent company that are not currently earning a return. Given our expected cash flows from operations, including the cash flow impact of tax reform that I just discussed, as well as our capital expenditures and other cash requirements, we are now using newly issued, rather than market-purchased, shares for our dividend reinvestment and employee benefit plans, and we expect to continue to do so over the five year guidance period. We expect this to provide equity funding of approximately $80 million annually. This action will enable us to maintain strong credit metrics and a capitalization target of approximately 50% equity. Moving to Page 17 of our presentation. I would now like to transition to a discussion of key drivers impacting our 2018 earnings guidance. As Warner stated, we expect 2018 diluted earnings to be in a range of $2.95 to $3.15 per share. On this page and the next, we have listed key earnings drivers of and assumptions behind our 2018 earnings guidance, broken down by segment as compared to 2017 results. The difference between current EPS variances noted and comparable variances provided to you on our 2017 quarterly earnings calls reflect the change in the federal income tax rate. Beginning with Ameren Transmission, earnings are expected to benefit from additional investments in Ameren Illinois and ATXI projects made under FERC’s formula ratemaking. Our guidance assumes continuation of the current 10.82% allowed ROE, which includes a 50 basis point adder from MISO membership. The second MISO ROE complaint case remains pending at the FERC, and we don’t know when the case will be decided. For Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution, we anticipate increased earnings in 2018 compared to 2017 from additional infrastructure investments made under Illinois formula ratemaking. Our guidance incorporates a formula-based allowed ROE of 8.9% using a forecasted 3.1% 2018 average yield for the 30- year Treasury bond compared to an allowed ROE of 8.7% in 2017. Completing the discussion of our Illinois businesses, Ameren Illinois Natural Gas distribution earnings are expected to benefit from qualified investments that are included in rates on a timely basis under the state’s gas infrastructure rider. I would also like to mention that we have provided the earnings sensitivity to changes in the allowed ROEs for the Ameren Transmission and Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution segments on this page. Turning to Page 18. Our Ameren Missouri earnings are expected to rise in 2018. Earnings are expected to be favorably affected in the first quarter by increased Missouri Electric Service rates that took effect April 1, 2017. In addition, there is no scheduled nuclear refueling and maintenance outage for our Callaway Energy Center this year since these outages are on an 18-month cycle. The absence of these expenses is expected to benefit 2018 earnings by approximately $0.11 per share compared to 2017. The next Callaway refueling and maintenance outage is scheduled for the spring of 2019. Further, a return-to-normal weather in 2018 would increase Ameren Missouri earnings by approximately $0.06 per share compared to 2017, and we expect lower interest expense driven by the refinancing of debt in 2017 and 2018 to favorably impact 2018 results. Partially offsetting these positive earnings drivers, we expect higher other operations and maintenance expenses, primarily the result of higher-than-normal scheduled nonnuclear plant outages. In addition, we expect Ameren Missouri’s 2018 results to reflect regulatory lag associated with increased depreciation expenses. Moving now to Ameren-wide drivers and assumptions. We expect an effective income tax rate of approximately 22% this year, a decrease from last year’s core tax rate of 37%, reflecting the substantially lower federal corporate rate and flowback of excess deferred taxes. I would note that our 2018 guidance excludes any possible temporary retention of cash flow or earnings benefits from this lower federal tax rate. The benefits of lower tax rates will be reflected in Ameren Transmission and Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution service rate reviews as of the beginning of the year as a result of formula ratemaking. While the timing of reflecting these benefits in our Ameren Illinois Natural Gas and Ameren Missouri customer rate reviews has not been determined, we do expect customer rates to be adjusted in 2018 for the lower federal tax rate. Further, we expect the comparison of earnings to last year to be unfavorably impacted by $0.03 per share for the reduced tax benefit associated with parent company and other unrecoverable costs. Finally, we expect the use of newly issued shares for our dividend reinvestment and employee benefit plans to unfavorably impact earnings by $0.01 per share. I would also like to take a minute to discuss our 2018 electric sales outlook. We expect weather-normalized Missouri kilowatt-hour sales to residential and commercial customers as well as to our industrial customers to be flat to up slightly compared to last year, excluding the effects of our MEEIA energy efficiency programs. Turning to Illinois, we expect our weather- normalized kilowatt-hour sales to residential and commercial customers in that state to be roughly flat and sales to industrial customers to decline about 2% this year compared to last. Again, I would remind you that changes in electric sales in Illinois do not impact our earnings due to revenue decoupling. Turning then to Page 19. For 2018, we anticipate negative free cash flow of approximately $900 million. On the right side of this page, we provide a breakdown of our $2.2 billion of planned 2018 capital expenditures by business. We expect to fund this year’s negative free cash flow and debt maturities primarily through a combination of short-and long-term debt issuances and borrowings as well as the previously mentioned issuance of common shares for our dividend reinvestment and employee benefit plans. Moving now to Page 20 for a discussion of select regulatory matters. For Ameren Transmission, the second complaint case that seeks to reduce they base-allowed ROE for MISO transmission owners remains pending at the FERC as previously mentioned. We expect that the FERC commissioners will take time to consider the court ruling in the New England ROE case as well as the MISO transmission owners’ recent motion to dismiss the second MISO ROE complaint case as both may influence the FERC. Moving to Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution. In December, the ICC approved a rate change consistent with our filing in the annual rate update proceeding with new rates effective at the beginning of this year. This outcome is assigned that Illinois formula electric distribution ratemaking continues to work as intended. Moving to Page 21 and Ameren Natural Gas regulatory matters. Last month, we filed a request for a $49 million annual increase in gas distribution rates using a 2019 future test year with the ICC. This $49 million includes an estimated $42 million of annual revenues that would otherwise be recovered in 2019 under Ameren Illinois qualifying infrastructure plant, or QIP, rider. Particulars of this gas rate case filing are noted on this page. An ICC decision is required by December of 2018 with new rates expected to be effective in January 2019. Turning to Missouri regulatory matters. Earlier this week, the commission staff issued its report recommending the Missouri PSE open a proceeding for each utility to pursue rate reductions to pass savings from the lower federal income tax rate on to customers. Of course, if Senate Bill 564 is enacted, as currently written, Ameren Missouri would pass savings from the lower federal income tax rate on to electric customers in a timely fashion, pursuant to its provisions. Finally, turning to Page 22, I will summarize. We delivered strong core earnings growth in 2017 and expect to again deliver strong earnings growth in 2018 as we continue to successfully execute our strategy. As we look ahead, we continue to expect strong earnings per share growth driven by rate base growth and disciplined financial management. Further, we expect this growth to compare favorably with the growth of our regulated utility peers, and Ameren shares continue to offer investors an attractive dividend. In total, we have an attractive total shareholder return story that we believe compares favorably to our peers. This concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hey good morning. Congratulations.
Warner Baxter: Good morning, Julien. How are you doing?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Great. Thank you. So I wanted to first ask real quickly on the legislation and the previously contemplated $1 billion program. How much inflation in bills does that $1 billion contemplate? How much latitude does that give you when you kind of hash that out against the tax reform, et cetera, against these new rates that they’re putting in there?
Michael Moehn: Julien, this is Michael Moehn. I don’t – we haven’t really said. I mean, what we’ve been clear about is that we think as this legislation is written, 564, it certainly would support that incremental $1 billion of investment, and we think that we could do it underneath that prescribed cap.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. Excellent. And then clearly, there’s a multitude of factors that would drive your financing needs higher to your tax reform and incremental spend, if successful, on either front, how are you thinking about your debt commitments? Clearly, I hear you saying you’re committed to your existing strong credit metrics, but how committed? Perhaps can you elaborate a little bit on the equity financing needs if you get either of the two incremental projects?
Martin Lyons: Julien, this is Marty. Yes. When you look at the credit metrics and the credit ratings that we have today, we are very happy with the credit ratings that we have today. Our issue of ratings today for Ameren at S&P are BBB+, as shown in the materials; and with Moody’s, Baa1. To give you a sense, I mean, our FFO-to-debt metric, the threshold that S&P has for us out there, that BBB+, is 13%. And at Moody’s, the threshold for the Baa1 for FFO to debt is 20%. So look, as we go through time, and you can see this in the materials we provided today, we’ve always looked to maintain a strong balance sheet, strong credit metrics. We’ve worked hard over the past several years to improve, I’d say, the business risk profile of the company, and we’re going to continue to work on both of those fronts as we move forward. As we looked at the capital investment plan that we laid out today, the rate base growth plans and we looked at our cash flows, including the impacts of tax reform, we ended up thinking it was certainly prudent that we go ahead and issue some equity under the dividend reinvestment and employee benefit programs, again with the goal of keeping the balance sheet strong and keeping strong credit metrics. As we look ahead and as we update the capital expenditure plans, looking ahead the rate base growth plans, we’ll step back and assess the overall capital plan and the funding needs but again with that backdrop of wanting to keep a balance sheet, strong credit metrics, and importantly, make sure we’re positioning those investments for success in the regulatory environment as we seek to earn a fair equity returns on those investments.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: just a further nuance on this, if you can. What’s the timing of the commencement expense, specifically, and the legislation is contemplated? When could you actually start spending? And over what period of time, at present, do you intent to spend that $1 billion under your earlier program or proposal?
Warner Baxter: Julien, this is Warner. I think what we said is we would spend these expenditures through 2023. That’s what it would be. And a lot of this would be predicated when the legislation is ultimately passed, but we’ve been clear. We had a plan out there. That’s a five-year plan for $1 billion. And so through 2023 is what we’ve been talking about.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. And so fairly ratable.
Warner Baxter: I’m sorry?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Fairly ratable.
Warner Baxter: Yes, yes. Relatively speaking, I think fairly ratable is a good way to think about it.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: That all. Thank you.
Warner Baxter: Sure. Thank you Julien.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson: Good morning and congratulations on everything.
Warner Baxter: Good morning, Paul. How are you doing?
Paul Patterson: I’m doing great. Just with respect to the 3.5% rate base growth in your slides for Missouri, does that include pretty much what you see happening in – this long-term rate base growth, does that include the legislative impact?
Martin Lyons: Paul, this is Marty. No, it does not. So when you look at that slide, it includes the $4.3 billion of expenditures that are shown in the table to the left. And then as Warner pointed out on the conference call, it includes the impacts of tax reform and the impacts on rate base we see from, I’d say, the changes in deferred taxes versus what we otherwise would have expected.
Paul Patterson: Okay. So to Julien’s point, I guess, there’s additional upside that we could see in this? Is that a good way to think about it?
Martin Lyons: Yes. Yes.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then when we look at this 7% growth rate and we look at your previous credit rate and rate base and what have you, I know that you guys have a higher base and what have you, but the lower sales growth – I’m sorry, the lower earnings – long-term earnings growth on the top end of the range you’ve lowered it a little bit. Is that just simply a function of the change? And could you just walk through that a little bit compared to now that you’ve got a higher growth in rate base? Do you follow what I’m saying? It’s not completely intuitive maybe why the top end of the earnings growth rate has gone down.
Martin Lyons: Yes. Well, look, I think we have a very strong rate base growth plan at 7%. And I think our EPS growth that goes along with it, a 5% to 7% compound annual, is also very strong, especially coming off of the strong 2017 earning base that we have of $2.83. So that is the base for that. And I would say that, Paul, as you think about it, it includes also all of our assumptions about funding that I just laid out, including the use of equity from those dividend reinvestment and employee benefit plan. Again, that should produce about $80 million of equity annually. And I think the 5% to 7%, which is, again, we think very strong, incorporates a variety of assumptions in terms of Treasury rate assumptions, spending levels, rate case outcomes, economic conditions and the like. But it does – it’s what we believe is certainly the right growth given the rate base and funding plans that we’ve laid out.
Paul Patterson: Okay, fine. And this is – there was some discussion yesterday at the Missouri PSE among the commissioners regarding another utility, and it looks like a majority of them don’t – or basically are not necessarily supportive of a consolidated cap structure. And I’m just wondering, now you guys made comments about your commitment to obviously the credit ratings and what have you. But just in general, I’m just wondering is there any perhaps – have you guys been thinking perhaps that there could be additional sort of opportunity on double leverage or anything like that? 
Martin Lyons: Paul, I think if you look through time, I mean, we’ve always worked to maintain strong balance sheets and credit metrics at all of our legal entities, both the parent company as well as our subsidiaries. We laid out on the slides that our target capitalization over time is around 50-50. And I would say, as it relates to Ameren Missouri, for a third time, we have had ratemaking in Missouri for our Ameren Missouri utility that is based on the utility’s capital structure. And we would expect that to be the case through time.
Paul Patterson: Great. Thanks so much.
Operator: Our next question is from Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
Steve Fleishman: So just when you first talked about doing the wind projects, you suggested then that we could see some modification of the base plan as part of it. At this point now, should we assume this is the base plan? And then if you do the wind and if you do the – if the legislation passes, those are just additive, not likely to be any meaningful adjustment to this base?
Warner Baxter : Steven, this is Warner. I think clearly we’d pointed out opportunities for additions, both for the wind as well as for grid modernization. We presented our base plan, and we have two meaningful opportunities that we’ll continue to work very hard to execute on. And so it’d be premature to say exactly what we’ll do with the overall plan. But the bottom line, we’re not saying we’re going to make any changes to the plan as we see it today.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then just on the wind projects, could you just be a little more explicit on how the CCN process works? So you’ll file – once we have winners, you’ll file CCN. The renewable rider is kind of part of that filing, so kind of both the project and the rate treatment would all be approved in one proceeding.
Michael Moehn: Yes. Steve, this is Michael Moehn. Yes, you got it right. And so I think what we have been telling folks as we wrap up the conclusion of these contracts that we’ll be filing for the CCN in the first half of 2018. And you’re correct, I mean, as part of that filing, we would make the request to use what’s called the RESRAM, the regulatory recovery mechanism for these renewable projects. And that process, I think, we’ve been saying could take anywhere from six to 10 months to complete.
Steve Fleishman: Good. I think that’s it from me. Thank you.
Michael Moehn: Thanks, Steve.
Operator: Our next question is from Andrew Levi with Avon Capital Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Levi: Hi guys. Andrew Levi 
Warner Baxter: Good morning, Andy. How are you?
Andrew Levi: It’s Andrew Levi. Just one or maybe two questions. But on the $0.14 of Missouri incremental O&M relating to plants, can you just kind of go more into that of exactly what’s going on there because that was not part of your EEI disclosures and where that came from and whether that goes away in 2019?
Martin Lyons: Andy, this is Marty. Yes. When you look at it overall, especially in a non-Callaway outage year, we thought it was certainly prudent this particular year to have a little bit of a higher or higher-than-normal schedule for our nonnuclear outage costs. And that’s the primary driver of that number as well as some – I’d just say some other O&M that we have in Missouri this year. I would not necessarily expect that to be a recurring number year-over-year. And look, I think when you step back overall, as you know, we’ve been improving our earn return as a company and each of our jurisdictions through time on a consolidated basis. And in Missouri, it’s our goal to continue to earn very close to our allowed returns.
Andrew Levi: Okay. So out of the $0.14, how much is kind of – I don’t want to say onetime in nature, but was put there because of the Callaway – back at the Callaway outage?
Martin Lyons: I guess I don’t have a breakdown on exactly that number for you, Andy, other than to say I wouldn’t call them necessarily onetime. These kinds of outages do occur through time, just a higher concentration of them this year than in some other years.
Andrew Levi: Okay. Got that. And then on the 2.85% increase that’s capped in Missouri? Does that include fuel or not?
Martin Lyons: That’s an all-in cap, Andy
Andrew Levi: So that does include fuel. So if fuel would go up, that would be part of the 2.85% cap?
Martin Lyons: That’s correct.
Andrew Levi: Okay. And on the wind project, is that part – is that something to the cap as well?
Martin Lyons: It is. Yes, it is.
Andrew Levi: Okay. Got it. Thank you very much.
Martin Lyons: Thank you Andy. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from Ashar Khan with Visium Asset Management. Please proceed with your question.
Ashar Khan: Good morning. Congratulations.
Warner Baxter: Hi, Ashar. How are you?
Ashar Khan: Could you just describe the timing of the wind RFP, you said, kind of approvals by the first half of this year? Could you just tell us how we should look at that – the timing of some kind of an announcement as we look in the next, two, four months?
Warner Baxter: Michael, you want to address that, please?
Michael Moehn: Yes. Again, as we’ve talked a couple of times, we have been going through this RFP process and now are in the middle of serious contract negotiations, which we hope to be wrapping up soon. And we just were committed to filing the CCN in the first half of 2018.
Ashar Khan: Okay. And then once you file it, how should – what approval time frame should we look at?
Michael Moehn: The CCN process, we’ve been saying that it typically follows about a six- to 10-month kind of approval process.
Ashar Khan: Six months to 10 months. Okay. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question is from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Ridzon: Just because there’s been so much focus on the Senate and clearly you’ve cleared that hurdle, but can you give a sense of the tone in the House?
Warner Baxter: Yes. Paul, this is Warner, and I’ll ask Michael to comment. Look, I think that the bottom line is, as we’ve said, the passage of this bill in the Senate is a positive step forward, but now we’re going to turn our attention to the House of Representatives. And what we do is we’re going to look forward to discussing the real significant benefits of Senate Bill 564 with all the members of the House. You have to keep in mind that the Senate just passed this bill so that it’s now moved on over to the House, and so we’re looking forward to having those conversations.
Michael Moehn: I Yes. I would just add, look, this bill is the result of a lot hard work and compromise. I mean, it’s an excellent bill. I think that, as Warner said, we’re going to demonstrate the benefits to our customers, so obviously the benefits to us and benefits to the state of Missouri. So we look forward to engaging with the House.
Warner Baxter: And, Michael, just to add a little bit to that and I guess a little maybe to what Steve’s question was before. When we look at this bill, and we’ve been clear that if Senate Bill 564 is passed, I mean, we will spend significantly more investments or make significantly more investment in the state of Missouri. $1 billion, this is what we’re talking about. And so that is absolutely our plan. And so with that comes significant benefits to our customers in terms of, not just modernizing the grid, but also giving them the tools that they want to manage our energy usage. Michael talked about this compromise. This compromise took what was already a bill that have robust consumer protection and made them even more robust. So these are the types of things that we’re going to talk about the with House of Representatives, including a significant number of jobs that will be driven by this bill.
Paul Ridzon: Thank you. That’s good color.
Operator: Our next question is from Neil Kalton with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Neil Kalton: Hi, guys, how are you?
Warner Baxter: Good morning Neil, how are you?
Neil Kalton: Good, thanks. Just a question on wind in Missouri. I think Empire sequenced maybe a little bit before you guys. Is that proposal a good proxy for your project? Or would you advise us not to sort of look too closely to that, that the proposals between you and Empire are unique?
Michael Moehn: Which assets, Neil, are you referring to? I mean, in terms of their…
Neil Kalton: What I’m getting to is simply depending on how that process goes, is that – if there’s something that’s negative that kind of comes out, would that be a good readthrough to your proposal? Or would you advise us that your proposal is unique versus the Empire proposal? 
Michael Moehn: Yes. I think, our proposal, yes. Again, if you just step back and you think about why we’re doing this, I mean, you have the renewable standard that’s out there that requires us to have the renewables in place by 2021. I mean, that’s really the driver behind this. We went through a robust RFP process, which we’re in the process of bringing to a conclusion. We’re working through all the transmission issues that come along with that, and then we’re going to file the CCN. And so – and that’s the process that I think you typically file with the commission here in the state of Missouri. So I think we feel very, very good about our overall process. I can’t really comment about Empire’s but feel strong about ours.
Neil Kalton: Okay. Fair enough. And then just a follow-up on the capital plan. So – and I know there’s a lot of moving pieces here, but if some of the incremental spend comes through in Missouri, should we think of the base plan as being the base plan? And then everything else would be additive? Or could the base plan be somewhat fluid and there might be some capital there that would be sequenced that way?
Martin Lyons: Yes. Neil, this is Marty again. As we’ve said before, to the extent we have additional capital expenditures, and in this case, whether they’d be related to the wind, whether they’d be related to the Senate Bill 564, we’ve always said we’ll stop – step back and we’ll reassess the overall capital plan and funding plans. But as Warner said, it’s premature to discuss whether we would make any changes to the base plan that we have today. We have said repeatedly that we are certain that if we get Senate Bill 564 across the finish line that we will put significantly more capital to work in the state of Missouri. And so I’d say that those are sort of our thoughts as we look ahead and think about the possibility of those incremental expenditures.
Warner Baxter: Well said, Marty. And I would just add similarly with wind, right. That’s the bottom line. We have a very constructive regulatory mechanism that is contained and then the renewable energy standard. Both of those things will drive important than investments in the state of Missouri.
Neil Kalton: That makes sense. Thank you very much.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] We have a follow-up question from Avon Capital Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
Andrew Levi: It’s me again. I’m not sure – I mean, this is just me because I’m reading Slide 7, where you described the legislation and but still having read parts of the legislation, why would the wind be subject to the cap? It’s not part of the infrastructure spending.
Warner Baxter: So Andy, I’m sorry, if you don’t mind, could you maybe repeat your question? It’s a little bit loud – it’s hard to hear you.
Andrew Levi: I’m sorry. I’m going to take the headset off, so – battery is going down. Okay. So if you look on Page 7 of your slide deck, and obviously you’ve – I mean, obviously you know the legislation better than I do. But my understanding was, based on your slide and reading parts of the legislation, that your wind investment would be not – would not be subject to the cap. Am I wrong on that or…
Michael Moehn: So the wind does fall underneath the cap. I think what the slide is potentially trying to explain is that if these riders cause you to exceed the cap, either the FAC, the RESRAM, et cetera, you’re able to defer that for a future rate case as long as you’re, again, underneath that 2.85% and get that recovered.
Andrew Levi: Okay. So it’s like in FRP like it is in Arkansas where it’s capped to a certain amount, but then you defer it and you recover it in the next rate case. If the rate case or rate case or true-up, so let’s just say, I don’t know, like in 2019, you max out at 2.85, but there’s – I don’t know, let’s just say, another $50 million left over. But in 2020 you’re at 1%, that $50 million would be on – would be added to the 2020 number, so the 1% plus that $50 million. Is that kind of what you’re saying?
Warner Baxter: Yes. That’s great. That clarifies much better. Thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, we have reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the call back to Doug Fischer for any closing remarks.
Doug Fischer: Thank you for participating on this call. Let me remind you again. That a replay of the call will be available for one year on our website. If you have questions may call the contacts listed on our earnings release. Financial analysts inquiries should be directed to me, Doug Fischer; or my associate Andrew Kirk. Media should call Joe Muehlenkamp. Our contact numbers are on the release. Again, thank you and thank you for your interest in Ameren, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And thank you for your participation.

===== 2017 Q3  (2017-11-03 09:00:00) =====
Executives: Doug Fischer - Senior Director of Investor Relations Warner Baxter - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Marty Lyons - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Michael Moehn - Chairman and President of Ameren Missouri
Analysts: Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Andy Levi - Avon Capital Advisors Kevin Fallon - Citadel LLC Ashar Khan - Verition Fund Management
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Ameren Corporation’s Third Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Doug Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Fischer, you may begin.
Doug Fischer: Thank you, and good morning. On the call with me today are Warner Baxter, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Marty Lyons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, as well as other members of the Ameren management team. Warner and Marty will discuss our quarterly results and earnings guidance as well as provide a business update. Then we will open the call for questions. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call contains time sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today’s live broadcast, and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on the amereninvestors.com Web site homepage that will be referenced by our speakers. As noted on Page 2 of the presentation, comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the forward-looking statements section in the news release we issued today and the forward-looking statements and risk factors sections in our filings with the SEC. Lastly, all per share earnings amounts discussed during today's presentation, including earnings guidance, are presented on a diluted basis, unless otherwise noted. Now here is Warner, who will start on Page 4 of the presentation.
Warner Baxter: Thanks Doug. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Before I begin my business update, I first want to express my deep appreciation to our co-workers and contractors who volunteered to leave their families to work tirelessly in very challenging conditions to restore power for those we experienced outages due hurricanes impacting Texas and Florida. I'm particularly thankful that all of our co workers returned home safely. The restoration efforts for hurricanes Harvey and Irma was just another example, the incredible team work and commitments our customers is so often displayed by our industry. Further Ameren and our industry stand to support Puerto Rico and its hurricane restoration efforts. Our thoughts and prayers remain with those families who lost loved ones, their homes or what otherwise impacted by these devastating storms. Moving to our financial results, earlier today we announced third quarter 2017 core earnings of $1.24 per share compared to $1.52 per share earned in the third quarter of 2016. This year-over- year decline of $0.28 per share was largely driven by a $0.24 per share change and the timing of interim period revenue recognition at Ameren electric distribution a matter which we highlighted earlier this year. This $0.24 timing related decline and third quarter earnings will have no effect on full-year earnings, due to increase in revenue recognition in the first, second and fourth quarter of this year compared to last year. Marty will discuss this and other factors driving the quarterly results in more detail in a moment. I'm also please to report that we remain on-track to deliver strong core earnings result in 2017. This morning we announced that we narrowed our 2017 core earnings guidance to a range of $2.73 to $2.87 per share. Moving to Page 5, here we reiterate our strategic plan which we have been executing very well over the last several year. We remain focused on operating our businesses safely while strategically allocating capital and continue to exercise discipline cost management. We expected this strategic capital allocation along with disciplined cost management that supports our goal of earnings close to our allowed returns in all of our jurisdiction to result in solid long-term earnings growth. I'm happy to report that in 2017 we been successfully executing these key strategic actions across all of our business. As you can see on the right side of this Page, during the first nine-months of this year, we invested nearly $1 billion or two-thirds of total capital expenditures and in our transmission and distribution businesses where investment are supported by regulatory frameworks that provide fair predictable and timely cost recovery. Since our second quarter call, we achieved a couple of key milestones on the 100-mile, Mark Twain transmission mine, in North Eastern Missouri. To begin ATXI’s proposed alternative route for this project which is nearly 100% co-located on existing mines of way has received all five required County essence for road crossings. This was an important accomplishment and required extensive collaboration with many key stake holders. As a result of achieving this important milestone, in mid-September ATXI required a certificate of convenience and necessity for the Mark Twain alternative route from Missouri Public Service Commission and we expect to receive a commission order in the first half of next year. There has been no change for the estimated $250 million project cost and the plan and service date remains late 2019. Turning now to Page 6, we also continue to invest in Ameren Illinois electric and natural gas distribution infrastructure projects. Through the end of September Ameren Illinois had installed 560,000 smart electric meters and 290,000 gas meter modules that provide customers with enhanced energy usage data and access to program to help them save on their energy bills. We are working to deploy these meters to all of our 1.2 million electric and 800,000 gas customers in Illinois by the end of 2019. Additional investments include natural gas distribution projects that upgrade our gas infrastructure and electric distribution projects that add smart grid technology and upgrades substations, all to improve the safety and reliability of our system. Moving to Ameren Missouri, as you know earlier this year, we achieved a constructive settlement in our electric rates review which favorably impacted our third quarter results. From an operational perspective, the Callaway Energy Center began its scheduled refueling and maintenance outage in early October after completing a breaker-to-breaker run of 514 consecutive days, the second longest run in Callaway’s history. The outage is progressing safely, on schedule and on budget. Shifting now to our legislative efforts in Missouri, we remain very focused on enhancing Missouri’s regulatory framework to better support investment in its energy infrastructure. The growing body investments from across the country clearly shows that these modernized energy policies deliver significant long-term benefits to customers. Those benefits include a more reliable and smarter energy rates, a more secured rate to address potential cyber attacks and greater tools for customers to manage their energy usage. During the 2017 legislative session, we presented a thoughtful and robust energy infrastructure plan that included an incremental $1 billion in investment over five years and up to $4 billion over 10 years. Of course, these investments would also create thousands of good quality jobs in the State of Missouri. The proposed legislation also included other strong economic development provisions and consumer protections to keep our already low electric rates affordable and competitive in the future. These factors have resulted in strong bipartisan support in the legislature to modernized Missouri regulatory framework. As a result, we are leveraging the meaningful progress we have made over the last several legislative sessions and continue to work collaboratively with key stakeholders to chart a constructed path forward for our customers in the State of Missouri. And as we noted earlier this year, we expect to support a legislative initiative in 2018 to modernize Missouri’s regulatory framework for electric utilities. Legislation can be filed as early as December 1st with the 2018 session officially beginning January 3rd next year. Turning to Page 7, Missouri’s integrated resource plan. In late September, Ameren Missouri filed a new IRP with the Missouri PSC which it does every three years. This document details our assessment of the electric energy needs of our customers for the next 20 years and puts forward our preferred resource plan permitting those needs. The 2017 IRP is consistent with our objective to transition our generation fleet to a cleaner more diverse portfolio in a responsible fashion. Further, the IRP outlines a significant step change in our renewable energy portfolio due to the advancement of technologies and improved economics. Importantly, the IRP is consistent with the requirements of Missouri’s Renewable Energy Standard, which requires Ameren Missouri to source at least 15% of retail customer sales for renewable energy resources by 2021 subject to a 1% average annual limit on customer rate impacts. Our preferred plan cost of an addition of at least 700 megawatts of wind generation by 2020 and 100 megawatts of solar generation by 2027. After careful assessment, we believe it is in our customer’s long-term best interest for Ameren Missouri to own these new wind resources, which represents a potential investment of approximately $1 billion. We have been working on this important undertaking for many months, we still have more work in front of us to successfully execute our preferred plan. We are still completing due diligence on certain matters and are in negotiations with several developers which will ultimately determine the source, location and cost for these projects. We also recognized that the comprehensive tax reform proposal released yesterday included revisions to the current product tax credit rules for wind generation. We expect that the proposed changes to the PTC rules will be the subject of much discussion by policy makers and key stakeholders over the next several weeks. While it remains uncertain whether these potential modifications to the PTC rules will be become law as well as tax reform in general, we will off course access the potential implications of these changes on our plan if any. Ownership will also require Ameren Missouri to secure certificates of need from Missouri PSE for each location and as well as regional transmission organization interconnection agreements. We are excited about the customer and environment of benefits as well as the potential significant investments and growth opportunities outlined in our preferred plan. As you know, we are very strategic when it comes to managing and financing that capital plan in order to deliver long-term benefits for our customers and shareholders. As a result, we will carefully access our prospective infrastructure investment plans in the context of this potential $1 wind investment. Our infrastructure investment plan does not include any expenditures for renewable energy. We will also carefully consider the best long-term financing plan for this potential investment. Of course, we remain committed to maintain a strong equity ratios and credit metrics at our utilities and on a consolidated basis. We will also assess the best approach to recover the cost of and return on these potential investments in the Missouri's regulatory framework. One tool is across recovery of mechanism that is already included in the Missouri Renewable Energy Standard. It is writer mechanism that is specifically designed to address the revenue requirement impacts resulting from complying with the Renewable Energy Standard. The use of this writer mechanism would require approval by the Missouri PSC. It’s premature to go into more detail on all of these matters at this time, however we plan to provide further updates to you during our year-end conference call in February 2018. Before I move off this subject I would also note that Ameren Missouri has established CO2 emission reduction goals from its generation fleet of 35% by 2030, 50% by 2040 and 80% by 2050. In summary, our integrated resource plan is a forward thinking plan that is a win, win, win for customers, the environment and our shareholders. Rest assured we are very focused on executing this important opportunity for all of our stakeholders. Turning now to Page 8, and the current five-year plan. In February, we outlined our investment plan that included $10.8 billion of regulated infrastructure investment as well as 6% compound annual rate base growth from 2016 through 2021, reflecting greater levels of capital allocated to those jurisdictions with more constructive regulatory frameworks. To be clear, this plan does not include potential $1 billion investment in wind generation outlined in Missouri's IRP that I just discussed. It also does not include potential additional investments $1 billion over five years and up to $4 billion over 10 years that could be enabled by constructive Missouri legislation. As we look at the future, the successful execution of our robust five-year plan is not only focused on delivering strong results through 2021 is also designed to position Ameren for success over the next decade and beyond. With this long-term view inline, we are already making significant investments in our Illinois electric and gas utilities that will position us for success, including those in smart meters, digital technologies and other infrastructure due to supportive regulatory frame works. And as we have mentioned, we have identified similar significant Missouri Grid Monetization investments, we would undertake with improvement in the Missouri regulatory framework. Bottom line that we are taking steps today, across the board to position Ameren for success in the next decade and beyond and we believe we have a strong high-quality and sustainable pipeline investment opportunities that would benefit customers, communities we serve and shareholders. Turning now to Page 9 to conclude my remarks. In February we affirmed our expectations for earnings per share growth of 5% to 8% compounded annually from 2016 to 2020 based on the adjusted 2016 guidance mid-point we outline early last year. This was driven by robust 6% compounded annual rate base growth from 2016 to 2021. We consider both our rate base and earnings growth outlooks to be attractive compared to our a regulated utility peers. Ameren also continues to offer investors a solid dividend, last month Ameren's Board of Directors expressed its confidence in our long-term growth plan by increasing the dividend by 4%. Of course, future dividend decisions will be driven by earnings growth, cash flows and other business conditions. To summarize, we believe our strong rate base and earnings growth profile combined with our solid dividend firmly providing yield of approximately 3% results in an attractive total return opportunity for shareholders compared to our regulated utility peers. We remain focused on executing our strategy and I'm firmly convinced that doing so we will deliver superior value to our shareholders, customers and the communities we serve. Again thank you all for joining us today and I will now turn the call over to Marty. Marty.
Marty Lyons: Thanks, Warner and good morning, everyone. Turning now to Page 11 of our presentation. Today we reported third quarter 2017 GAAP earnings of $1.18 per share compared to GAAP earnings of $1.52 per share for the year ago quarter. Excluding the third quarter 2017 non-core non-cash charge of $0.06 per share at the parent company for the reevaluation of deferred taxes, Ameren reported third-quarter core earnings of $1.24 per share. This charge was the result of an increase in Illinois corporate income tax rate to 9.5% from 7.75% effective July 1st of this year. Beyond this charge we do not expect tax increase to have a material prospective impact on consolidated earnings. Finally as you can see on this page there was no difference between GAAP and core results from last year's third quarter. Turning on Page 12, on this page we highlighted by segment the key factors that drove the overall $0. 28 per share decrease in core earnings. Starting with Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution third-quarter year-over-year earnings decreased $0.26 per share driven by a $0.24 per share change in the timing of interim period, revenue recognition resulting from the Future Energy Jobs Act. This act modified the existing formulaic rate making by decoupling our distribution revenues from sales volumes. While this change is impacting quarterly comparisons, it will not affect full-year earnings. The effects of decoupling also eliminated weather impacts in 2017. As a result, comparable earnings were down $0.02 per share as 2016 results benefited from warmer than normal summer temperatures. Finally Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution third quarter 2017 earnings benefited from increased infrastructure investments as well as a higher allowed return on equity under formulaic rate making of 8.7% compared to 8.3% for the year ago quarter. Next, Ameren Missouri third quarter year-over-year earnings decreased $0.02 per share reflecting lower electric retail sales primarily driven by milder summer temperatures. The absence of the 2016 performance incentive award for the 2013 to 2015 energy efficiency plan and higher depreciation expenses. These and other factors were mostly offset by new electric service rates effective April 1st, which increased earnings $0.15 per share. The new rates were driven impart by increased infrastructure investments and removal of the negative effect of lower sales to the New Madrid smelter. Turning to Ameren Transmission. Third quarter year-over-year earnings were comparable, the positive impact of increased transmission infrastructure investments at ATXI and Ameren Illinois, which both operate under constructive FERC formulaic rate making were offset by a lower average allowed return on equity of 10.8% in 2017 compared to an average of approximately 12.3% in the year ago quarter. In 2016, our Transmission segment benefited from a temporarily higher FERC-allowed ROE as a result of the expiration in May of 2016 of the 15 months refund period for the second MISO ROE complaint case. This temporary benefit ended in September 2016 when the FERC adjusted MISO’s base ROE to its current level. Before moving on, let me briefly cover electric sales trends for Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois distribution for the first nine-months of 2017 compared to the first nine-months of 2016. Weather normalized kilowatt-hour sales to Missouri residential and commercial customers on a combined basis were flat, excluding the effects of our Missouri energy efficiency program under MEEIA. We exclude MEEIA affects because the plan provides rate recovery to ensure that earnings are not affected by reduced electric sales resulting from our energy efficiency efforts. These sales results reflect underlying 2017 growth, offset by the absence of the 2016 leap-day sales benefit. Kilowatt-hour sales to Missouri industrial customers were also flat excluding sales to the New Madrid smelter, which shutdown operations during the first quarter of 2016. Weather normalized kilowatt-hour sales to Illinois residential and commercial customers on a combined basis decreased 1%, primarily driven by energy efficiency while kilowatt-hour sales to Illinois industrial customers decreased 4%, primarily due to lower sales to a large low margin processor of agricultural products. Recall the changes in electric sales in Illinois no matter the cost, do not impact our earnings since the Future Energy Jobs Act provided full revenue decoupling beginning this year. Moving to Page 13 of our presentation, I would now like to discuss our 2017 earnings guidance. Today, we narrowed our GAAP guidance range to $2.67 to $2.81 per share, which includes third quarter non-cash tax related charge of $0.06 per share, which I discussed earlier. Excluding this charge, we expect to deliver 2017 core earnings within a range of $2.73 to $2.87 per share, reflecting continued solid execution of our strategy, including continued disciplined cost management. This guidance assumes normal temperatures for the last three months of this year. Moving to the balance of the year, we list on this page select considerations that will affect the comparability of fourth quarter 2017 core earnings to last year's fourth quarter results. Some of the larger impacts included change in the timing of interim period revenue recognition at Ameren Illinois’ Electric Distribution business of fourth quarter Callaway refueling and maintenance outage, and the 2017 Missouri electric rate review settlement. Before moving on I would like to mention that we expect Ameren's Illinois to issue long-term debt before the end of the year to repay $250 million of maturing to 6.125% senior secured notes and refinance to short-term debt. Moving now to Page 14 for a discussion of select regulatory matters pending at the Illinois Commerce Commission and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. Ameren Illinois is supporting a $17 million decrease in the annual electric distribution revenue requirement in its required annual electric distribution rate update filing consistent with the ICC’s stats file testimony. And ICC decision is expected in December of this year with new rates effective early next year. Turning to the FERC, the second complaint case that seeks to reduce the base allowed ROE from MISO transmission owners, including Ameren Illinois and ATXI remains pending. These FERC regulated businesses are currently earning a 10.82% ROE, which includes a 50 basis point adder for MISO membership, and they will continue to do so pending the outcome of this case. While quorum has been reestablished at the FERC, it remains uncertain when the commission will rule. In addition in September, the MISO transmission owners including Ameren Illinois and ATXI filed a motion to the Smith the second complaint case maintaining that the current base ROE of 10.32% ordered by the FERC in the first complaint case has not been shown to be unjust and unreasonable. Further the MISO transmission owners believe the second complaint should be dismissed because the approach used by the complainants to argue that the ROE was unjust and unreasonable was rejected by the U.S. Court of Appeals for the DC circuit in the New England case. The FERC is under no deadline to issue an order on the motion to dismiss. Facing a significant backlog of other cases, we expect that the FERC commissioners will take time to consider the court ruling in the New England case as well as the MISO transmission owner’s recent motion as both may influence the FERC's order in the pending second MISO ROE complaint case. Turning now to Page 15 of our presentation and potential federal income tax reform. Ameren supports thoughtful, comprehensive tax reform because we believe that lower corporate tax rates would drive economic growth and job creation benefitting our customers the communities we serve and other key stakeholders. We will continue to advocate for tax reform that would benefit stakeholders and that appropriately supports our industry's efforts to invest in our nation's critical energy infrastructure in an affordable manner. Earlier this year, on our February earnings conference call, we shared with your perspectives on potential financial considerations and impacts associated with tax reform elements under consideration at that time. As you know yesterday Republican leaders in the U.S. House of Representatives released a new comprehensive income tax reform proposal. Ameren along with our industry colleagues is still the process of reviewing this proposal, while the debate on tax reform took another step forward yesterday the timing and elements of tax reform if ultimately successful remain uncertain. We will remain actively engaged with our industry colleagues on this important policy matter in the weeks ahead. That said, regardless of whatever federal income tax law changes may be made it is important remember their operations are fully rate regulated, we have limited parent company data and we have a robust pipeline of high-quality investment opportunities that can deliver strong long-term benefits for customers and shareholders. Turning to Page 16, we plan to provide 2018 earnings guidance when we release fourth-quarter results in February of next year, however using our 2017 guidance as a reference point we have listed on this page select items to consider as you think about our earnings outlook for next year. Beginning with the first item listed, earnings from our foot regulated electric transmission activities are expected to benefit from additional investments in Ameren Illinois and ATXI projects made under forward-looking formulaic ratemaking. Ameren transmission earnings would of course be affected by any change to the current allowed ROE of 10.82%. For Ameren Illinois electric distribution service earnings are expected to benefit in 2018 compared 2017 from additional infrastructure investments made under Illinois formulaic ratemaking. The allowed ROE will be of course the average 2018, 30 year treasury yield plus 5.8%. In addition Illinois gas distribution earnings are expected to benefit from qualified investments that are included in rates on a timely basis under the state’s gas Infrastructure writer. For Missouri 2018 earnings comparison is expected to be favorably affected in the first quarter of next year by increased Missouri electric service rates that took effect April 1, 2017. In addition, we expect the absence of expenses associated with our fourth quarter 2017 Callaway nuclear refueling and maintenance outage to benefit 2018 earnings by approximately $0.08 per share compared to 2017. The next scheduled Callaway refueling and maintenance outage is in the spring of 2019. Further a return normal weather in 2018 would increase Ameren Missouri earnings by approximately $0.06 per share compared to 2017 results to-date assuming normal weather in the last quarter of this year and we expect lower interest expense driven by the refinancing of debt in 2017 and 2018 to favorably impact 2018 results. Finally we expect Missouri 2018 results to also reflect regulatory lag associated with increased depreciation transmission and property tax expenses. Turning to Page 17, I will summarize. We expect to deliver 2017 core earnings within a range of $2.73 to $2.87 per share as we continue to successfully execute your strategy, As Warner stated, as we look ahead we continue to expect strong earnings-per-share growth driven by strong rate base growth and disciplined financial management. And Ameren shares continue to offer investors an attractive yield based on our recently increased dividend. In total, we believe we offer investors an attractive total return story compared to our regulated utility peers. That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson: Good morning guys. Sorry to have missed this, but you went over the sales growth for Missouri and Illinois I think was 1% weather adjusted and leap year adjusted for Illinois year-to-date is that correct?
Marty Lyons: Let me go over that again Paul just overall. We talked about for our Missouri weather normalized kilowatt-hour sales for residential and commercial were about flat, excluding the impacts of our energy efficiency programs. We have seen a little bit of growth there offset by as you know we had the leap-day benefit last year was overall flat there. Also in industrial class in Missouri it was pretty flat as well. Over in the Illinois area, the weather normalized kilowatt-hour sales for residential and commercial was actually down about 1%. As you know we increased the energy efficiency efforts this year and I think that’s been reflected in those lower sales and then Illinois industrial was down about 4%. As we noted on the call, it’s certainly important to remember that in our Illinois service territory, we are fully decoupled today based on the passage of the law last December where we increased our energy efficiency effort we also had decoupling and associated with that. So those sale declines are not affecting the bottom line result.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And just back to of Missouri, the flat numbers were inclusive of your energy efficiency efforts and leap-day and weather, correct?
Marty Lyons: That’s correct Paul. All those stats I gave you to are for the nine-months year-to-date. In terms of Missouri which you asked about specifically, we are actually seeing some positive this quarter in terms of growth in both residential and commercial customer accounts so that’s nice about 0.5% residential and almost 1% in commercial. So we seen a little bit of growth there and we look at the economies of course as, you see now this morning I think nationally the unemployment number came out at 4.1%. We have been staying a little actually south to that a little better than that in Missouri unemployment at 4% and who knows maybe even a little bit less given the announcement today that nationally had moved down. And the Illinois unfortunately has been a little higher closer to 5%. So, but overall, I would say the unemployment has followed national trends and I would say overall the economies in both states are fairly stable.
Paul Patterson: Okay, great. And then Warner, you made some comments about the legislation being introduced, I guess it’s early as December perhaps, I’m sorry again if I missed this. But I guess what timeframe are you guys thinking of your legislation being impacted and then also as I recall there was a PSC proceeding in Missouri just sort of look at things sort of like what you guys are talking about on legislation, has that concluded and I apologize, but was there anything significant out of that. I apologize for not being…
Warner Baxter: No worries. Always we will have [indiscernible] in Missouri. I will comment on the timing of legislation and I will look that Michael made the comment on the proceedings that are going on in Missouri looking at some forward-looking things from the regulatory perspective. Big picture, we have not set a specific time in terms of when legislation would ultimately introduced. We are very focused to try and get working with key legislators to get legislation pre-filed for the legislation starts. Pre-filing can begin as early as December the legislature opens on January 3rd. So we don’t have a specific date, but we have been working hard over the summer with our key stakeholders with our partners to put ourselves in as good position as we possibly can to move forward and so we would expect to file legislative or support a legislative initiative in 2018. So Mike do you want to touch on some of the other proceedings going on Missouri?
Michael Moehn: Sure, absolutely Warner. also I think but we are going to continue build off a good work that we made - progress that we made at the end of the sections last year and specifically with perspective of the initiatives in Missouri, I think you are referring to there was in interim Senate Committee as well as the PSC put some workshops on to really look at these regulatory reform issues and those both have concluded I would say in general they were pretty positive and supportive of what we are trying to do in varying degrees, but overall supported the idea of modernizing degree of the benefit for customers and the need for some regulatory reform in the state of Missouri to make that happen.
Paul Patterson: But can the PSC do anything on its own now. I mean I thought they were maybe looking at perhaps changing some of their own processes just administratively for the speakers appose to requiring legislation and do something. Is there anything possible on that end might happen?
Michael Moehn: I think the PSC does have the ability to make some - certainly administrative changes to the overall regulatory process to try to help facilitate that. I think that they were also advocating for some legislative changes as well to give themselves to more tools which gave us really more certainty at the end of the day to make these kind of needed investments.
Warner Baxter: Mike we made comment on the PSC, they are doing some workshops on some forward thinking regulatory policies around electric vehicles and those types of things perhaps Paul has heard a little bit about that. Just maybe you can talk about some of those things which are taking place which that is what the PSC has initiated on their own.
Michael Moehn: Right and that's really around these emerging technology workshops that they kicked off, and Warner is right, I mean that's really looking at the benefits of electrification and modernizing the grid, which again I think all of this points back towards so needed changes within the regulatory structure to promote some of these kind of investments and again I think that they point to some things from the legislative standpoint that could occur as well, you are right, I mean I think they have some tools available to do some of these things also.
Paul Patterson: Okay great. Well it will be the last question. Thanks a lot.
Warner Baxter: Thank you Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Ridzon: Assuming that tax reform doesn’t pass with your wind projects are you set-up to have a 100% PTC do you have access to Safe Harbor turbines?
Marty Lyons: Yes Paul this is Marty Lyons. As it relates to that we have been in the process of negotiation with developers and those negotiations are ongoing and part of that is determining that in fact the developers have done what necessary to make sure that we are eligible for the PTC and that’s a key part of diligence efforts as part of this going on in tandem with the negotiations.
Paul Ridzon: And then you talked about potential billion dollars, if you this were to come fruition would that will be additive to your current plan or would it kind of displace some other capital?
Marty Lyons: Well the current plan is at which we make pretty clear in the slides, the current plan did not incorporate any investment in renewable, so there was no spending in the current plan for these renewable. So in that sense the billion dollars would be additive to that. Now as Warner talked about in his prepared remarks. What we would do is step back, valuate our overall five-year infrastructure investment plan in a context of that incremental wind investment and we would expect them to present probably in February of next year, what our four or five year capital plan looks like.
Paul Ridzon: You mentioned potentially financing 250, what term do you think you will put on that and refinance it.
Marty Lyons: I don't know it’s an Ameren NOI offering typically we are looking out at 10 or 30 years of offerings.
Paul Ridzon: And then your 18 drivers you mentioned potential other refinancing, do you have a sense of how big in timing on that
Marty Lyons: I think as we look out 2018 we did mentioned a couple of refinancing opportunities. There are a couple maturities in Missouri that we were specifically speaking of, I think they total something like 350ish million dollars over the course of next year. So we would be looking at opportunities to refinance those maturity, so I think there are two separate maturities that add up to about that number.
Paul Ridzon: Do you have a ballpark coupon in this.
Marty Lyons: I do not at this time.
Paul Ridzon: And then just on legislation obviously you have gotten I would say to one guide line before, how you are making progress with the parties that could total buster.
Warner Baxter: So Paul this is Warner, I will comment briefly, as I said before, there has been a lot of work down here when I call the off season with the host of stakeholders, and so the conversations continue to be constructive and we try to make sure those that had opposition that we reach out to them to get their input. And so it's ongoing and we are very focused to leverage as Michael said a moment ago, the really strong bipartisan support that we have in both the House and the Senate as well as the stakeholders across the state that moves something forward that’s in the best interest of our customer, and certainly the communities we serve and certainly our shareholders. So there is still move work to be done and the team is hard at it, as well as working with our partners across the state.
Paul Ridzon: Sounds like you are making some progress. Thank you.
Warner Baxter: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Andy Levi with Avon Capital Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
Andy Levi: Hi good morning how are you guys doing? Just to understand the Missouri kind of clean energy initiatives, though to this is made to meet that, I was just curious if for whatever reason this House bill were two end up being law, PTC was changed as written that bill. How does that work, I mean obviously I understand the economics of it, but you still have to meet that standard, is that correct?
Warner Baxter: We do. You are referring to the Renewable Energy Standard in Missouri. I think something to be mindful of within that standard, I mean there is a 1% cap on customers as well that we also have to balance in all of this making sure that we comply and so I mean obviously that’s something that we will be mindful of as we work through this and be mindful of these proposed changes in the tax law.
Andy Levi: Okay. So how do you kind of - again whether the log really becomes law or not, a lot of people say it’s doubtful, but if it were, how do you work around this, have you thought about it I mean it’s only been a day?
Warner Baxter: Andy, this is Warner. Look I think the legislation or the proposal to be clear is 24 hours old. And so we assess this and as I said in my prepared remarks, I sense that this particular provision will get a lot of attention over the next several weeks from key stakeholders from across the country, but we are still assessing it ourselves. And so, the only thing as I said during our talking points is that we understand that the real benefits to customers, the environment and shareholders as a result of this plan, so we are very focused on it. And so we are going to work very hard to get out arms around this potential proposal as well as looking at the existing law within the State of Missouri and also be mindful that you know it is our desire to transition our generation portfolio to clean and more diverse portfolio in a responsible fashion. All those things come together and we expect them as things move on to be able to give a more comprehensive update on all these things certainly in February when we have our year end conference call and give you a more forward looking outlook for the next five years.
Andy Levi: Okay. And I guess we talked about more of the next week too when we see it, but the second thing is to just understand on the drivers for 2018. If I kind of do the math correctly and then you kind of maybe net out the property taxes and depreciation that doesn’t flow through Illinois on the formula rates. Is there about $0.30 to $0.30 plus of upside everything else equals that right.
Marty Lyons: It’s Marty. Obviously, we are not giving specific 2018 guidance. I think…
Andy Levi: I know. I think on the drivers that you gave.
Marty Lyons: Yes. If you look to Slide 16, I think that you will see that we gave a number, important drivers to think about as you think about 2018 and probably we aren’t going to go much beyond that, but I think we have given you some really good specificity to hook into. Obviously we have got this increased investment in Ameren Transmission. The rate base is clearly expected to go up next year from 2.5 billion to 2.9 billion next year. Andy as you know a little uncertainly around what the ROE will be next year, right now we are earning 10.8 and that we will see the FERC rules on the second complaint case and how they rule. We have got higher rate base expected next year in Ameren Illinois electric which is subject to formulaic rate making. The third year treasuries did rise over the course of this year. We will see what happens over next year, gas distribution business while we don’t have a rate case next year we do get to formulaic adjust rates based on our writer there, since formulaic way we get to adjust rates based on a writer there for infrastructure investments. About 50% of our CapEx qualifies for those adjustments so that's a boost. And then we do get a little carryover the next year from the rate increase that went into effect in Missouri this year in April, so we will pick-up the first quarter benefit next year which we quantified on Slide 16, which is no Callaway refueling outage next year that's off course $0.08. We have had some negative weather this year, we have had about a $0.06 headwind from weather this year, if we raise that next year and go to normal that's another $0.06 pick-up. And then as you mentioned, there is some other things pluses and minuses, we expect lower interest, we talked about that on the last call if any refinancing that we did this year provide about a $15 million annual tailwind as it relates to earnings. Paul Ridzon asked earlier about some refinancing next year, I think the exact amount for next year is something like 380 million of Missouri refinancing. I didn’t provide what we expect to be the coupon on the new debt with respect to the coupon from the debt we are replacing that’s in one case 5.1% in other case 6%, so we will be refinancing that whatever the prevailing rates are at the time. And then as you noted, there are always some headwinds that would be associated with some depreciation and would expect transmission and property tax headwinds as well. So we have provided I think a pretty comprehensive list of major earnings drivers for 2018.
Andy Levi: And then just to follow-up on that so when you give 2018 on the fourth quarter call I guess these pluses right and whatever minuses, but the incremental earnings that will be based on your weather or normalized earnings in 2017, so whatever that is if it's X it will be X plus this is that kind of the way to look at it?
Marty Lyons: Yes, I think that's a fair way to look at it. I think typically when we think about our growth, we don’t always strip out whether to base the growth on, but yes I think I'm not sure exactly how you are thinking about it, but yes you look at weather normalized 2017 and then you see things to build and consider again whether there were any sort of one-time impacts in 2017 that you wanted to take into consideration besides weather.
Andy Levi: Okay. I will see you at Slash Mountain on Saturday night okay.
Marty Lyons: Terrific Andy, I appreciate you calling in. enjoy yourself.
Andy Levi: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Fallon with Citadel. Please proceed with your question.
Kevin Fallon: What is the actual approval process for the Missouri when that you guys have proposed, do you have to get the IRP approved and then there is another stage just how do you do that?
Warner Baxter: Michael why don’t you take that question please.
Michael Moehn: Absolutely. So yes there is no formal approval process for the IRP itself. I mean there is a review that occurs and people are real common et cetera. In terms of the specific wind projects we do have to file what's call the Certificate of Convenience and Necessity here in the Missouri at CCN. We foresee filing it probably in the first half of 2018 that process is really then you have folks come through and intervene et cetera and so that's ultimately the approval process that occurs, so that you feel good about going forward with the project.
Kevin Fallon: Okay, and Warner in your comments I think you mentioned something about writer recovery is that how you are looking to move from the CCN to the actual build phase.
Warner Baxter: So also as part of that CCN filing, we will make an application to use this writer mechanism that's also outlined in the law and so that would be as part of that certificate process that I discussed.
Kevin Fallon: So you are going to…
Marty Lyons: I'm sorry, it’s important to understand, this writer mechanism doesn’t require formal rate case, it’s a writer mechanism outside the general rate case, just that how the provisions of that works.
Kevin Fallon: Exactly, so you guys are going to have clarity on recovery before you actually commit the capital, is what I'm asking.
Warner Baxter: Correct.
Kevin Fallon: Okay and the other thing in just terms of modeling for the FERC jurisdictions into next year, until you have an order, we should assume that you are going to continue to book at our 10.82%.
Marty Lyons: That’s correct we will continue to book at 10.82 until we get an order that tells us to do otherwise.
Kevin Fallon: Okay and then you guys highlighted additional CapEx that’s tied to potential legislation, in terms of the financing going forward, should we use like an FFO to debt target or consolidated equity target, or just color on how we should assume the finance side if it comes about.
Marty Lyons: Yes, I think it's not probably a clear bright line that I tell you Kevin, I mean I think what we will do with whether we have additional CapEx due to the integrated resource plan or we having additional CapEx due to other legislative efforts or other factors, we will step back and will take a look at the overall infrastructure investment plan, we will step back and we will take a look at the overall cash flows associated with the business and then assess the best way forward to finance that. As I Warner said in his prepared remarks, thinking about the all credit metrics, credit ratings at the parent company at the holding companies, the consolidated equity ratio, cash flow metrics and how best to position I would say these incremental investments to for regulatory recovery and make those additive to shareholder value. So we will take all of those factors into consideration and then think about the best path forward for financing those. Clearly as I think you mentioned in the your question, given the $10.8 billion current infrastructure investment plan that we have laid out earlier this year given the strength of our balance sheet and credit metrics, we didn't expect to need any equity as it related to financing that plan.
Kevin Fallon: Exactly so when you update capital on the fourth quarter call this is a component of as well whatever you guys ultimately decide to do.
Warner Baxter: Yes, I think as we role forward with for you updated prospective CapEx plans, you should expect that we will offer you comments as well as on how we would plan to finance that overall infrastructure investment plan and related cash flows.
Kevin Fallon: That’s very helpful. Thank you very much.
Warner Baxter: Thanks Kevin.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Emami with Verition Fund Management. Please proceed with your question.
Ashar Khan: Hi this is Ashar, how you are guys doing. Pretty good, pretty good, pretty good. I just wanted to clarify one thing, Marty, so what ROE we did we book on the transmission side for 2017, is it also 10.82.
Marty Lyons: Yes, so in 2017 we have been recording the 10.82, last year we actually had a temporarily higher ROE, so I think if there was any confusion, I would say that year-over-year earnings in the third quarter on the transmission segment were relatively flat. We got the benefit of the increased infrastructure investment, but we had a comparatively lower ROE, because we went from an average of the 12.3 ROE in the third quarter of last year to the 10.8 that we have got this year.
Ashar Khan: Okay. So then as we monetize the growth from 2017 and 2018 based on facts we have right now there is going to be no change in ROE right as you book for 2018 versus 2017, correct?
Marty Lyons: The answered earlier in a question Ashar, we will continue to book 10.8 until such time as the FERC would tell us to do otherwise. So as you know, there is the second complaint case that’s outstanding, the ALJ in that particular case ruled that we should perhaps move down from 10.8 overall ROE which includes the 50 basis points at or down to 10.2 with the 50 basis points at or. As we said on the call, we have made filings to suggest that second complaint case should be dismissed for the reasons we discussed on the call and it’s uncertain when the FERC even though they have got a quorum now will rule on the second complaint case. So until that time that they do rule and until such time as they would tell us to change the ROE we will continue to book to 10.8. I would mention that for about 15 month period after the second complaint case was filed, we did accrue our reserve of about $40 million for the potential that the ROE would be lower to 10.2 and that we would need to refund that money. So we have got that reserve set out to the extent of the FERC could rule consistent with the ALJ, but as I mentioned again it is uncertain what the FERC will do actually at this point in time.
Ashar Khan: Okay. Fair enough. And then Marty, I just if I heard you correctly I apologize I was listening to a couple of other things simultaneously, you said that there was 15 million of interest savings from the financings from this year 2017 which would flow through to next year, did I hear that correct?
Marty Lyons: Well, we did a partial savings this year as it relates to that and then we will get the full benefit next year, so year-over-year you wouldn’t get the full uptick from the 15 million, but just highlighting that earlier this year we did refinance some debt at Ameren Missouri that produced annual interest savings of 15 million and then also mentioned that as we look into next year there are couple of other opportunities as we sit here today to incrementally do some refinance.
Ashar Khan: Incrementally. And could I assume new issuance costs around 3.5 or something like that or something in that ballpark between three and 3.5 would fair based on current market conditions?
Marty Lyons: That might be fair. Again, I declined to comment on specifically we will issue - we will between now and then consider what the best tenure is for an Ameren Missouri offering, given our debt latter and other considerations and obviously price is based on the market conditions at that time.
Ashar Khan: Okay. Thank you so much.
Warner Baxter: Thank you Ashar.
Marty Lyons: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Fischer for any closing remarks.
Doug Fischer: Thank you. As we discussed today, we believe the Ameren shares offer investors attractive total return potential based on our strong expected earnings growth outlook and solid dividend. I would like to remind you that a replay of this call will be available for one year on our Web site. If you have questions, please call the contacts listed on our earnings release. Thank you for your interest in Ameren, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q2  (2017-08-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Doug Fischer - Senior Director of Investor Relations Warner Baxter - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Marty Lyons - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Shawn Schukar - Chairman and President of Ameren Transmission Company of Illinois
Analysts: Andy Levi - Avon Capital Advisors Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Kevin Fallon - Citadel LLC
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Ameren Corporation Second Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Doug Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Fischer, you may begin.
Doug Fischer: Thank you, and good morning. On the call with me today are Warner Baxter, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Marty Lyons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, as well as other members of the Ameren management team. Warner and Marty will discuss our quarterly results and earnings guidance as well as provide a business update. Then we will open the call for questions. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call contains time sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today’s live broadcast, and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on the amereninvestors.com Web site homepage that will be referenced by our speakers. As noted on page two of the presentation, comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the forward-looking statements section in the news release we issued today and the forward-looking statements and risk factors sections in our filings with the SEC. Lastly, all per share earnings amounts discussed during today's presentation, including earnings guidance, are presented on a diluted basis, unless otherwise noted. Now here is Warner, who will start on page four of the presentation.
Warner Baxter: Thanks Doug. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Before I begin my business update, I first want to express my deep appreciation to our customers who experienced outages over the last several weeks due to some severe storms. I'm grateful for your patience and the support of our coworkers who are working hard to restore your service in very hot inhuman weather conditions. Of course, I also want to express my appreciation to our coworkers who have been tirelessly working through these difficult conditions for our Missouri and Illinois customers. Our coworkers have continued to work safely and our system has held up well despite these challenging conditions. Again, my thanks to all of you. Moving now to our financial results. Earlier today, we announced strong second quarter 2017 earnings of $0.79 per share compared to earnings of $0.61 per share in the second quarter of 2016. This growth of $0.18 per share was driven by the factors outlined on this page, which Marty will discuss in more detail in a moment. It was particularly satisfying to me is that our strong growth was driven by the solid execution of our strategy across our entire business. I'm also pleased to report that as a result of this execution, we expect to deliver 2017 core earnings within the range of $2.70 to $2.90 per share, a $0.05 improvement over our prior guidance. This updated guidance excludes an expected third quarter non-cash estimated charge of $0.06 per share, primarily at the parent company. This charge is the result of revaluation of deferred taxes due to an increase in the Illinois corporate income tax rate, effective July 1st of this year. Beyond this charge, we expect this tax increase to have no material impact on consolidated earnings prospectively. Marty will also address this matter in more detail in a moment. Moving to page five, here we reiterate our strategic plan. The year-over-year earnings growth, I just mentioned, reflects the significant investments we are making to better serve our customers as illustrated on the right side of this page. We continued to strategically allocate capital to our transmission and distribution businesses where investments are supported by regulatory frameworks that provide fair predictable and timely cost recovery. This, along with our continued disciplined cost management that supports our goal of earning close to allowed returns in all of our jurisdictions, is expected to result in long term earnings growth that is superior to our regulated peers. I'd like to discuss some of our year-to-date accomplishments and efforts towards execution of our strategy. As you can see on the right side of this page, during the first half of this year, we invested more than $640 million or almost two-thirds of our capital expenditures in jurisdictions with more constructive regulatory frameworks. This included about $290 million of capital for FERC regulated transmission projects. A significant portion of this capital was invested in our $1.4 billion MISO approved Illinois Rivers project, which is now about 90% complete with four of its nine line segments energized, including two of three river crossings and with all 10 substations and servers. For the five remaining line segments are in the advanced stages of construction, with two those line segments to be completed by the end of this year, and river project remains on schedule for completion in 2019. At our second MISO approved project, the $150 million Spoon River transmission line in Northwestern Illinois, 85% of pool foundations are complete. Pool installation is now underway and the project remains on schedule for completion in 2019. Moving to our third MISO approved project, the Mark Twain transmission line in Northeastern Missouri, there have been several recent developments. As we discuss on our first quarter call, ATXI has proposed an alternative route for the project that replace more than 90% of the line on existing transmission line corridors. To accomplish this, ATXI has reached agreements in principle with Northeast Missouri Electric Power Cooperative and Ameren Missouri to locate the new line on existing rights of way. This alternative route significantly minimizes the impact to landowners, communities and existing farmland, has been endorse by various agricultural and economic development groups and is not expected to change the estimated $250 million project costs. In June, ATXI along with Northeast Missouri Electric Power Cooperative and the Ameren Missouri posted a series of open-house meetings to obtain public input on the proposed alternative route to help finalize by adoptions. Feedback so far has been positive, and we are working to obtain needed county assents for both crossings. Upon receiving all five count assents, ATXI will request a certificate of convenience and necessity for this route to Missouri PSC. We look forward to continue to work with landowners and the county commissioners to get this important project for Missouri and the entire Mid-West region moving forward. The planned in-service date is late 2019. We also continued to invest in Ameren Illinois’s local electric transmission projects to maintain and enhance reliability, including projects to meet reliability requirements, replace an aging infrastructure and modernize the grid. Our pipeline for these types of projects remains strong and will continue to deliver significant value to our customers and create jobs. Moving on to our other businesses. We invested about $350 million in Illinois Electric and Natural Gas Distribution infrastructure projects during the first half of this year. These investments include Natural Gas Distribution projects that upgrade our gas infrastructure and electric distribution projects that add smart grid technology and upgrade substations, all to improve the safety and reliability of our system. Through the end of June, Ameren Illinois has installed 516,000 smart electric meters and 278,000 gas meter modules that provide customers with enhanced energy usage data and access to programs to help them save on their energy bills. Ameren Illinois expects to saw another 185,000 smart electric meters and 76,000 gas meter modules in the second half of 2017, as works to deploy these two all this 1.2 million electric and 800,000 gas customers by the end of 2019. Turning now to page six for a Missouri business update. As we discussed in our first quarter earnings call, new electric rates went into effect on April 1st of this year as a result of unanimous agreement resolving all the issues in the rate review. Again, we appreciate the corporative effort of all parties involved. In concerted unanimous agreement a positive constructive step forward. In addition to successfully executing our rate review, we continued to effectively manage our Missouri operations and earn solid returns. We are doing so by effectively managing our capital projects, as well as by keeping a very sharp eye on our operating costs. We’re also very focused on enhancing Missouri’s regulatory framework. As you know, construction rate making in legislation was not passed by the Missouri General Assembly during this year’s budget state of sessions as a result of pillow buster by a small group of state senators. Our legislation did not get across the finish line. We did make progress on several fronts, progress we will build upon going forward. That progress included constructive reports from the Senate Interim Committee and Missouri PSC that supported enhancing the Missouri regulatory framework. Those reports, coupled with growing avenues from around the country that indicates that modern energy policies that support investment in the energy grid are in the long-term best interest of customers and the economy, help grow the strong by partially support for legislation. Looking ahead, we will leverage the meaningful progress we have made over the last several legislative sessions, continue to work collaboratively with key stakeholders and work towards starting a constructive path forward to enhance Missouri’s regulatory framework. I also expect that we that we will support another legislative initiative in 2018. Turning to page seven. As we look to the future, the successful execution of our robust five year plan is not only focused on delivering strong results for 2021 is also designed to position Ameren for success over the next decade and beyond. We strongly believe that the energy grid will be increasingly more important as we believe that Ameren and our industry will be critical neighbors of advancing technologies that will bring even greater value to our customers, the communities we serve and our shareholders. Further, we continue to believe it will be appropriate to transition our generation fleet to a cleaner more diverse portfolio in a responsible fashion. With this long-term view in mind, we are already making investments that will position us for success. These include significant investments in smart meters, digital technologies and other infrastructure that will result in safer and more secure energy grid that will enable us to meet our customers’ rising energy needs and expectations. And we are making prudent decisions to close down coal fired generation resources at the end of their useful lives, including our Meramec center in 2022, as well as to invest in renewable energy to effectively transition our generation portfolio. Right now, Ameren Missouri is in the process of finalizing its next 20 year integrated resource plan, which is scheduled to be filed with the Missouri PSC in October of this year. In this plan, we will continue to appropriately balance our responsibilities to our customers and communities, the environment and of course, our shareholders. Consistent with this long-term view, by the end of 2021, we expect that nearly 75% of our rate base will be invested in transmission and distribution assets, while just 13% of our rate base will consist of coal fired generation. In addition to making investments with an eye toward the future, we are also actively participating in proceeding for the Illinois Commerce Commission and Missouri PSC that are, among other things, setting appropriate regulatory programs and frameworks to adjust changes taking place in our industry. Bottom line is that we've taken steps today across the Board to position Ameren for success in 2017, the next five years, and the next decade and beyond. And is so doing continue to deliver superior value to our customers and you, our shareholders. Turning now to page eight to conclude my remarks. In February, we outlined our investment plan that included 6% compound annual rate base growth in 2016 through 2021, reflecting greater levels of capital allocated to those jurisdictions with constructive regulatory frameworks. As we stated previously, this plan is not contingent on passage of Missouri legislation. Also, in February, we affirmed our expectation for earnings per share growth of 5% to 8% compounded annually from 2016 to 2020, based on the adjusted 2016 guidance midpoint we outlined early last year. We consider both our rate base and earnings growth rates to be attractive compared to those of our regulated utility peers and Ameren shares, continue to offer investors a solid dividend, which our Board has increased in each of the last three years. Of course, future dividend increases will be based on consideration of, among other things, earnings growth, cash flows and economic and other business conditions. To summarize, we believe our strong rate base and earnings growth profile, combined with our solid dividend, currently providing a yield of approximately 3.1% results in an attractive total return opportunity for shareholders compared to our regulated utility peers. We remain focused on executing our strategy. And I'm firmly convinced that doing so will deliver superior value to our shareholders, customers and the communities we serve. Again, thank you all for joining us today. I'll now turn the call over to Marty.
Marty Lyons: Thanks, Warner and good morning, everyone. Turning now to page 10 of our presentation. As Warner mentioned, we reported second quarter 2017 earnings of $0.79 per share compared with earnings of $0.61 per share for the year ago quarter. On this page, we highlight by segment the key factors that drove the overall $0.18 per share increase. Starting with Ameren Missouri, second quarter year-over-year earnings increased $0.11 from $0.38 to $0.49 per share. This improvement reflected new electric service rates effective April 1st, driven in part by increased infrastructure investments and removal of the negative effect of lower sales to the New Madrid smelter. The earnings improvement also resulted from the absence of a scheduled Callaway Energy Center nuclear refueling and maintenance outage. The favorable factors were partially offset by lower electric retail sales, primarily driven by milder early summer temperatures. Next, Ameren Illinois electric distribution's second quarter year-over-year earnings rose from $0.08 to $0.14 per share. This largely reflected the favorable impact of the 2017 change in the timing of interim period revenue recognition, resulting from the Future Energy Jobs Act. This act modified the existing formulated rate making by decoupling our distribution revenues from sales volumes. While this change will impact quarterly comparisons, it will not affect full year earnings. Second quarter 2017 earnings at Ameren Illinois electric distribution also benefitted from increased infrastructure investments, as well as a higher allowed return on equity under formulated rate making of 8.8% compared to 8.45% for the year ago quarter. Turning to Ameren Transmission. Second quarter year-over-year earnings rose from $0.13 to $0.14 per share. This was due to increased transmission infrastructure investments at ATXI and Ameren Illinois, which both operate under constructive FERC formulaic rate making, partially offset by lower average allowed return on equity, which was 10.82% in 2017 compared to an average of 11.4% in the year ago quarter. In 2016, our Transmission segment benefited from a temporarily higher FERC-allowed ROE as a result of the expiration in May of 2016 of the 15 months refund period for the second MISO ROE complaint case. Before moving on, let me briefly cover sales trends for the first half of 2017 compared to the first half of 2016. Weather normalized kilowatt-hour sales to Illinois and Missouri residential and commercial customers on a combined basis were flat, excluding the effects of Missouri energy efficiency program under MEEIA. We exclude MEEIA affects because the program provides rate recovery to ensure that earnings are not affected by reduced electric sales resulting from our energy efficiency efforts. The sales results reflect underlying 2017 growth, offset by the absence of the 2016 leap-day sales benefit. Kilowatt-hour sales to Missouri industrial customers increased about 0.5%, excluding MEEIA affects in sales to the New Madrid smelter, which shutdown operations during the first quarter of 2016. Kilowatt-hour sales to Illinois industrial customers in 2017 decreased 3%, primarily due to lower sales to a low, to a large low margin processor of agricultural products. Recall the changes in electric sales in Illinois. No matter the cost, do not impact our earnings since the Future Energy Job Act provided full revenue decoupling beginning this year. Moving to page 11 of our presentation, I would now like to discuss our 2017 earnings guidance. Today, we reaffirmed our GAAP guidance at $2.65 to $2.85 per share, which now includes an expected third quarter non-cash tax related charge of $0.06 per share, which I will discuss in more detail in a moment. Excluding this charge, we expect to deliver 2017 core earnings within a range of $2.70 to $2.90 per share, a $0.05 per share improvement over our prior guidance range, reflecting solid execution of our strategy, including continued disciplined cost management. This updated guidance assumes normal temperatures for the second half of this year. While July temperatures were much warmer than normal, we don’t expect that this impact was significant enough to offset the very mild temperatures experienced during the first half of the year, which reduced earnings by approximately $0.07 per share. Listed on this page are select earnings considerations that will affect the comparability of second half 2017 core earnings to last year’s second half results. Some of the larger impacts included change in the timing of interim period revenue recognition at Ameren Illinois’ electric distribution business and assumed return to normal temperatures of fourth quarter Callaway refueling and maintenance outage, the absence of 2016 Ameren Missouri energy efficiency performance incentives, the 2017 Ameren Missouri electric rate review settlement and increased transmission and electric distribution infrastructure investments at ATXI and Ameren Illinois. I want to particularly call your attention to the change in timing of interim period revenue recognition in Ameren Illinois, because it is expected to decrease earnings by approximately $0.23 per share in the third quarter of 2017 and increase earnings by approximately $0.11 per share in the fourth quarter of 2017. Finally, I would like to discuss the impact on Ameren of the recently enacted increase in Illinois’ Corporate Income tax rate. Early last month, the Illinois General Assembly approved budget related legislation that effectively increased the corporate income tax rate to 9.5% from 7.75% as of July 1st of this year. The tax increase is expected to result in a third quarter 2017 non-core non-cash charge of an estimated $0.06 per share, primarily at the parent company due to revaluation of deferred taxes. Beyond this charge, we do not expect the tax increase to have a material impact on our consolidated earnings prospectively. The tax increase is not expected to materially impact earnings of Ameren Illinois’ electric distribution or Ameren Illinois’ and ATXI’s transmission businesses, since they operate under formulaic rate making. The tax increase is expected to reduce Ameren Illinois’ gas distribution business earnings, but only by approximately $1 million annually until customer rates are reset in the next rate review. And we plan to file for a gas distribution rate review in Illinois in early 2018 with new customer rates to be effective in early 2019. Turning now to page 12 for an update on 2017 long-term debt financings. On June 15th, Ameren Missouri issued $400 million of 2.95% senior secured notes due 2027. The proceeds of which were used in connection with the repayment at maturity of $425 million of 6.4% senior secured notes. Also, ATXI agreed to privately place $450 million of 3.43% senior unsecured notes due 2050, $150 million of such notes were issued on June 22nd with the remaining $300 million to be issued on August 31st. The proceeds of the ATXI private placement will be used to repay Ameren parent for a portion of ATXI’s existing intercompany debt. This is the first time ATXI has issued external debt, and we are pleased with the successful low cost issuance, including the strong investment grade credit rating the notes received. Finally, we expect Ameren Illinois to issue long-term debt later this year to repay at maturity $250 million of 6.125% senior secured notes and short-term debt. Moving now to page 13 for a discussion of select regulatory matters pending at the Illinois Commerce Commission and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. In July, Ameren Illinois updated its required annual electric distribution rate update filing, requesting $17 million decrease in the annual electric distribution revenue requirement. This is consistent with the ICC’s stats file testimony and other parties did not file revenue requirement testimony. And ICC decision is expected in December of this year with new rates effective early next year. Turning to the FERC, one complaint case remains that seeks to reduce the base allowed ROE from MISO transmission owners, including Ameren Illinois and ATXI. These businesses are currently earning 10.82% ROE, including a 50 basis point adder for MISO membership, and will continue to do so pending any change required by the FERC as a result of this case. Our updated guidance assumes this ROE continues through the end of the year. While the U.S. Senate's approval yesterday of two new commissioners reestablishes a quorum at the FERC, it remains uncertain when the commission will rule on the pending complaint case. In addition to facing a significant backlog of other cases, we expect that the FERC commissioners will take time to consider the recent ruling of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit that vacated the FERC's order in a New England transmission ROE case, as this court ruling may influence the FERC's order in the pending MISO ROE complaint case. Turning to page 14, I will summarize. We expect to deliver 2017 core earnings within a range of $2.70 to $2.90 per share as we continue to successfully execute our strategy. As Warner stated, as we look ahead, we continue to expect strong earnings per share growth, driven by strong rate base growth in disciplined financial management. And Ameren shares continue to offer investors an attractive dividend. In total, we believe we have an attractive total shareholder return story compared to our regulated utility peers. That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. In the interest of time, we ask that you please limit yourselves to one question and one follow-up and re-queue for any additional [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Andy Levi with Avon Capital Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
Andy Levi: So just on the earnings revision for '17. So we -- is the new base to gross off of is the midpoint of that number, which is like 280 that kind of how to think about it?
Marty Lyons: Andy, obviously, the guidance we gave in terms of our long term earnings guidance has been really based on 5% to 8% compound annual EPS growth from 2016 to 2020. Of course when we started that, we used to base in 2016 of 263, which was an adjusted base. Clearly, you're right. I mean as we look at this year, we've upped our guidance for our core earnings, the midpoint is 280. And as we think about going in next year any kind of long term guidance we give, yes, the foundation would be whatever the core earnings were for the prior year. So that would be -- that very well maybe the 280, going forward.
Andy Levi: And what's the difference between the mid-point in 290 just thinking, because I mean it's August in revenue. So obviously you’re through the 290 in there for a reason, and must be achievable. So what is the delta that gets you to 290 versus 280?
Marty Lyons: Well, when you say that, obviously, as we go through the remainder of the year, we don’t have, for example in there, any kind of July whether that’s been baked in. And then you’re really asking, I think, about the range and what justifies the range up or down.
Andy Levi: Or what gets you to, 280 is your midpoint. But what would get you to 290, I mean, what’s in the thinking that gets you to 290…
Marty Lyons: It’s quite anything else for the remainder of the year. To the extent that there were sales volume changes, as I mentioned, we don’t include in our guidance typically include normal weather, certainly there could be some weather impact up or down. We have had some warm weather here in July, which is an exclusively factored in. As I mentioned on the call, we don’t expect that to offset the negative impacts of weather from earlier this year. And probably as we sit here today, it’s probably less than $0.05 impact from what we’re seen in July. But things like sales trends, reductions in operations and maintenance spending, positive weather, those for the kinds of things that can really move you up or down within your range.
Andy Levi: And are you trending towards the mid-point or the high-end right now? But you don’t have to answer, I just…
Marty Lyons: Look, we give a range. We feel comfortable with that range. And look, we started the year with a little bit lower. As we move through the year, we started the year with a little bit of negative weather that was certainly influencing our thinking at the beginning of the year in terms of the guidance range we gave. As we’ve moved through the year, we’ve had a constructive outcome in the Missouri rate case, which was terrific. We’ve got disciplined financial management as we move through the year too, making sure we keep tight control of our costs. As you know, our goal in each one of our jurisdictions is to earn as close to our lab returns as we can. And we’re executing on our strategy well, deploying the capital as we expected to, which drives rate base growth, which drives earnings growth. So we’re executing well. We feel comfortable with raising the overall range. And obviously, work hard to achieve year-end results within that range.
Warner Baxter: And it is Warner. I would just simply say -- I would just say one thing as Marty said. I think it’s simply evidence of the fact that we’re executing our plan and we’re executing it well, and we’re executing across all of our businesses.
Andy Levi: And then I know I’m going to achieve you announced one extra question. But if you kind of -- and I know you haven’t given any key guidance and I am not expecting you to. But just very simplistically, 280 is the mid-point of where we’re going to grow off of. And then you don’t have a Callaway outage next year right at $0.09 to $0.10 to $0.18. Is that correct?
Marty Lyons: The Callaway outage is around $0.08. But you’re right we don’t have one next year. Look, we’re not giving guidance for next year. But as you look ahead to next year, we certainly expect to benefit from the continued investments we’re making in rate base, which drive earnings growth. We don’t have the Callaway outage next year as you mentioned, which also then would be additive to earnings.
Andy Levi: Well, you don’t have a Callaway outage and then you’re not filing a rate case in Missouri, right? Probably some interest expense savings from that you’ll capture in 2018 plus you get about $0.20 of growth in Illinois just from a rate base growth. So I’m just looking at consensus around $3 and this adding up the numbers, so to see some -- the people were underestimating your earnings power. I don’t know if you tend to agree with that, and I guess you saw this year too without obviously giving guidance.
Marty Lyons: Again, we’re not giving guidance for next year, and I won’t comment on consensus for next year either. And I also wouldn’t comment on necessarily the EPS impacts that you gave from the rate base growth, and then we’ll provide our guidance as we normally do as we roll into the early part of next year. I would mention that you mentioned no Missouri rate case filing. The one think I would mention is on the rate review that we just concluded where the rates went into effect April 1st, this year, we realized about 75% to 80% of the impact of that rate review. Next year, we would incrementally pick up the first quarter benefit of that rate review.
Andy Levi: Plus any refinancings that you have, because you have some high cost debt that’s coming due at union and that obviously would have to get back in a future rate case, but not in ‘18. Is that correct?
Marty Lyons: To the extent that we’re able to, Ameren Missouri, to refinance the debt at a lower rate, we do benefit from that savings until the next rate review. And to your point on that, I mentioned on the call that in June we refinanced, we paid off $425 million of 6.4% debt, issued $400 million at 2.95%, and so 10 year offering. That for example is about $15 million of annual interest savings.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lapides: Quick question on Missouri, and Warner you commented a little bit about changing generation fleet. You’re one of the few utilities in the region that has not really, when you look at generation supply, benefited both by sizable in Missouri Transmission growth that leads to a sizable amount of wind generation, entering your service territory and maybe replacing some possible generation. Can you talk a little bit about whether you see that as a significant opportunity either via owning wind plants in rate base or in the need for incremental transmission in Missouri to be able to connect to the West where there is lots of great winds resource? And can you talk about what do you need from a regulatory standpoint, either rate making or approval wise, taxing make that happen if that’s one of the decisions you make going forward?
Warner Baxter: Thanks Michael for your question, and a couple of comments. Number one, we are in the process we look at the transmission but we also look at generation. And we’ve been consistent in saying that we’re going to transition our generation portfolio to a more diverse claim portfolio. But we’re doing it in a responsible fashion. A little bit later this year, we’re going to update our integrated resource plan and that will highlight some of those opportunities we may have in the renewable energy space, just with regard to our own generation. And as we know, we have renewable energy standard in the State of Missouri. And as a result of that, as renewable energy cost for new generation comes down that’s something we’re going to look carefully at. Of course, to make renewable energy work you need to make sure that you have a transmission system that’s robust enough to support all of that. And at the end of the day, we have certainly made more investments in the transmission space in Illinois and in MISO, we’ve done some way of the Mark Twain project that we’re going to hopefully continue to move forward with, and get across the finish line. So as you continue to see greater levels of renewable generation in MISO in the broader footprint, we do see that there could be some opportunities for incremental transmission that could be done, whether it's done on a multi-value project basis, which would have to go through MISO or potentially of course something that we would do under the state regulatory framework in Missouri. And so I wouldn’t say that we certainly rule that out, we see that as an opportunity. So I'm looking at Shawn Schukar, and Sean in terms of how you look at the space, especially MISO and other things. We do see the incremental transmission opportunities that does support generation, but even just to deal with and to support liability projects and those types of things?
Shawn Schukar: Warner, that's correct. We see significant opportunities around the opportunity to improve or to replace the existing transmission system in Illinois and Missouri, but overlaying that with as we see changing generation portfolios in the market that that will create potential new opportunities, especially given the strong wind resources to our west.
Operator: Thank you [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Ridzon: Can you just delve a little more deeply into the Missouri process, and how you can possibly get more traction there? I'm talking legislative.
Warner Baxter: I'll comment on that, Michael feel free to jump in. As we said before, of course, we've been disappointed that we haven't got that across the finish line. But you know that the process in legislation is always one of collaboration; it's always one of working with key stakeholders to educate them on the needs; and it's always one of ensuring they understand the real value to modernizing the energy grid. Now, if you look at what we've been able to do in Illinois that's really the formula that we worked we over there, it's making sure everyone understood the value. And then once you have them understand the value, you deliver on those projects. And it's clear what we've seen in Illinois, and what we've seen frankly across the country as that modern energy policies that support investment in a modernized grid not only brings real value to customers it keeps rates still affordable, but it creates thousands of jobs that's been formula that's worked across the country, and we can see has worked clearly in Illinois. So that same message is resonating in the State of Missouri. It's why we have such strong by partisan support that's why the collaborative effort that we've been working on continued to gather even more stakeholders to support it. So it really is one of just doing the work on the ground to work on with collaborating with key stakeholders and being mindful that the approach that we've been taking is very consistent with where Governor Greitens has said that, look, regulatory reform is an important part of his platform to become Governor, as well as creating good paying jobs. We've been talking about the State of Missouri is absolutely consistent with that. So I think that has been their approach. And Michael, you've been on the ground working with key stakeholders, anything there?
Michael Moehn: I think that's well said. The only thing I would add to that and just a couple of things. We're going to continue to build off of certainly the interim report that the Senate put out last fall along with the Missouri Public Service Commission had the working docket then on looking at issues around regulatory reform. There has also been an emerging issues task force that they’ve kicked off here. We’re going to have some more meetings here in August. All of these are indications and I think they understand that we need to take a different approach to this. There is opportunities around and we’re going to continue to leverage those, going forward.
Paul Ridzon: If it comes down to one party, right. I mean how do you flip them?
Warner Baxter: So at the end of the day, Paul, this is Warner again. We do what we’ve been doing. We’d continue to work collaboratively with those key stakeholders. And we have a small group that has opposed the legislation but we won’t be deter, because look it’s important for us to continue to get their input, we share our input with them. And as we’ve said before, while we expands the filibuster, there are certainly ways to no way find compromises in advance but in the context the filibusters and like, look the key is you continue to reduce the number of people that may want to participate in the filibuster. Number one, you make sure, you’re given adequate floor time and try and make sure you can address those issues and hopefully come to a compromise. And lastly, as we’ve said before, I mean there are rules in the sense that that would enable to close down the debate. But those rules aren’t used often. We hope we never get to that point. The bottom line is we want board collaboratively with everybody to ultimately get constructive legislation that benefits our customers, the communities that we serve and our shareholders.
Michael Moehn: Yes, that’s right, Warner. I think that this may sound naïve at the end of the day. But we just -- we actually have to convince them of the value associated with us. There are too many examples them. Warner talked about what’s going to in Illinois but you can certainly look far beyond in Illinois in terms of what’s happening in terms of modernizing the grid and the value they create for customers and shareholders at the end of the day. And so we just, honestly, have to continue to double down that effort to convince them that the State of Missouri is falling behind, if we don’t makes in progress on this.
Paul Ridzon: Are there any terminal mix to consider here?
Warner Baxter: In Missouri, there are terminal mix, yes.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Fallon with Citadel LLC. Please proceed with your question.
Kevin Fallon: I just wanted to follow-up on Michael Lapides’ question, and specifically on the wind. Are you guys able to sign PPAs, or do new builds on wind generation with economics below the dispatch costs of your coal fleet?
Marty Lyons: Yes, I mean in terms of moving forward, clearly, there could be PPAs we enter into. We could own wind generation, both of those are viable options. And in terms of that question, I mean there is a couple of ways that it could happen prospectively; one, as you mentioned is to the extent that the all-in costs of those renewables was below the dispatch costs of our existing generation. Of course, one of the reasons why maybe the penetration hasn’t been as great here as maybe other places is that the dispatch costs of our existing generation is pretty low. And it’s a real benefit for our customers. However, the cost of renewables continues to come down and we watch those economics very closely. As Warner mentioned in this answer to Michael earlier, as part of the integrated resource plan, we also look at compliance with the Missouri renewable energy standard. That standard actually requires us to purchase or generate 15% of and native sales from renewables by 2021, subject though to 1% annual limit on rates. And really that’s been limiter historically in term of introducing even more renewables into the portfolio. In our 2014 IRP, we had about 130 megawatts of wind coming in by 2021. So as Warner mentioned in his talking points, we’re working on an update to that integrated resource plan. And in answer to your question, we’re both looking at the economics of renewables as compared to the dispatch cost of our existing generation, but also looking at it in terms of compliance with that renewable energy standard within the limits of that 1% impact on rates. So those are the two ways that really as we look ahead there is the opportunity to bring even further renewables into our portfolio.
Kevin Fallon: And where are you relative to that 15% by 2020 right now in terms of your fleet?
Marty Lyons: In terms of the existing assets that we have with things under purchased, we’re below that, significantly below that. But there are a few ways to go about compliance; one is PPAs; one is ownership; and the other is renewable energy credit. So we’re looking at all options as we move ahead for compliance with that standard.
Kevin Fallon: And just one last thing. In terms of the process, going forward, obviously, you guys have said that you’re going to seek legislation again next year in Missouri. But is there any possibility of trying to do something at the commission before with the billion dollars of grid monetization CapEx that you guys have highlighted in the past? Or is that something that you’re just going to defer and try and seek the legislation itself only?
Michael Moehn: Also on the respect to your question on that renewables and where we are, I believe we’re right at around 5% today in terms of that 15% compliance.
Marty Lyons: With respect to the legislative question regulatory, look I think we’re not obviously foreclosing any tools available to us. I think we look at a number of options that we can pursue. As Warner indicated, we certainly intend to file, as we sit here today, legislation but we’re going to continue to look at all options to continue to make progress here. And we’ve used regulatory tools in the past that are being constructive. So it is certainly an option available for us.
Kevin Fallon: Is there a certain timeframe that you’re looking to make a decision on that before the legislation? Or is it just a general sense that you always make those types of calculations?
Marty Lyons: More of the latter…
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow up from Andy Levi with Avon Capital Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
Andy Levi: So, on the renewables that was just brought up. So why wouldn’t you guys do the majority of it yourself if there was the opportunity, and it was economical for rate bearers?
Marty Lyons: Andy, no disagreement with that assertion. I mean, certainly, if that makes the most sense for the customers that would be a positive. So we’ll need to look at as we are as we’re assessing it, what the best compliance option is for the renewable energy standard for our customers, and looking at the various options and thinking about the benefits, risks, cost of all of those options.
Andy Levi: And what’s the timeframe of that, because obviously things are getting closed here. So what's the timeframe? When will we hear about the decision making process on that?
Michael Moehn: As Warner indicated, we have an IRP that needs to be filed in October. So my sense is that we'll have some communication right around that timeframe.
Andy Levi: And obviously, you don't have anything in your current CapEx forecast for any of this?
Warner Baxter: Very little on the current CapEx forecast for that, given as I mentioned earlier, the IRP we had a few years ago, 2014 had about 130 megawatts of wind by 2021.
Andy Levi: And how much gains from that 5% to the 20% I think you said, with the standard. How many megawatts are we talking about?
Marty Lyons: Well, it's really again limited by the 1%. And I think rather than getting into that here, something we're assessing. And as Michael said when we file the IRP in October, we'll see where we're at.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Doug Fischer for any closing remarks.
Doug Fischer: Thank you for your questions today. As we discussed today, we believe the Ameren shares offer investors attractive total return potential based on our strong expected earnings growth outlook and solid dividend. Finally, let me remind you that a replay of this call will be available for one year on our Web site. If you've questions, please call the contacts listed on our earnings release. Thank you for your interest in Ameren, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2017 Q1  (2017-05-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Doug Fischer - Senior Director of Investor Relations Warner Baxter - Chairman of the Board, President, Chief Executive Officer Marty Lyons - Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President Michael Moehn - Chairman and President, Ameren Missouri
Analysts: Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Andy Levi - Avon Capital Leslie Rich - JPMorgan Neil Kalton - Wells Fargo Securities
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Ameren Corporation first quarter 2017 earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Doug Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Fischer, you may begin.
Doug Fischer: Thank you and good morning. I am Doug Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today are Warner Baxter, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Marty Lyons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer as well as other members of the Ameren management team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and the webcast will be available for one year on the amereninvestors.com website. Further, this call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted on the amereninvestors.com website a presentation that will be referenced by our speakers. To access this, please look in the Investors News and Events section of this website under Events and Presentations. Acronyms used in the presentation are defined in the glossary on the last page. Turning to page two of the presentation, please note that comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the forward-looking statements section in the news release we issued today and the forward-looking statements and risk factors sections in our filings with the SEC. Warner will begin this call with an overview of first quarter results, full year 2017 earnings guidance and a business update. Marty will follow with more detailed comments on the financial results and outlook. We will then open the call for questions. Before Warner begins, I would like to mention that all per share earnings amounts discussed during today's presentation, including earnings guidance are presented on a diluted basis, unless otherwise noted. Now here is Warner, who will start on page four of the presentation.
Warner Baxter: Thanks Doug. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us. Before I provide my business update, I want to first welcome Shawn Schukar to our executive leadership team. On May 1, Shawn took over as President of Ameren Transmission Company upon the retirement of Maureen Borkowski who had an incredible career at Ameren. Shawn is a 30-year veteran of this industry and over the last several years, he has worked side-by-side with Maureen and the entire transmission team in developing and executing Ameren's transmission strategy. I am confident that we will not skip a beat in executing our strategic plan for our transmission business under his leadership. Welcome, Shawn. Now on to my business update. I want to begin by expressing my deep appreciation to our coworkers, our community's first responders, volunteers, leaders and emergency personnel who have been tirelessly working together to help protect the citizens of Missouri and Illinois from the record floods that we have experienced this week. Our thoughts and prayers go out to those that have lost loved ones, their homes or businesses during this very trying period of time. From an operational perspective, our coworkers have continued to work safely and our system has held up well despite these challenging conditions. However, this unprecedented weather is not over. So we will continue to be focused on safety in all of our activities and we will continue to work closely with local and state authorities to deliver energy to our customers in a safe and reliable fashion. Moving now to our financial results. Earlier today, we announced first quarter 2017 earnings of $0.42 per share compared to earnings of $0.43 cents per share in the first quarter of 2016. Highlighted on this page are key drivers of these results, which Marty will discuss in a few minutes. I am also pleased to report that due to a constructive Missouri electric rate settlement and disciplined cost management, we remain on track to deliver within our 2017 earnings guidance range despite very mild first quarter temperatures. Turning now to page five. Here, we reiterate our long-standing and effective strategic plan. We remain focused on executing the strategy and continue to strongly believe that it will deliver superior long-term value to both our customers and shareholders. I would like to highlight some of our year-to-date accomplishments and efforts towards this end. These include our continued strategic allocation of significant amounts of capital for our businesses were investments are supported by regulatory frameworks that provide fair, predictable and timely cost recovery and also deliver long-term benefits to our customers. This capital allocation is illustrated in the graphic on the right side of this page. As you can see, we invested more than $300 million or 61% of first quarter capital expenditures in jurisdictions with these supportive regulatory frameworks. This included about $135 million of capital for FERC regulated transmission projects. A significant portion of this capital was invested in our $1.4 billion MISO approved Illinois Rivers project, a new high-voltage transmission line that will span 385 miles across the state of Illinois. This project is about 78% complete, with four of its nine line segments energized, including two river crossings and with eight of 10 substations now in service and the remaining two expected to be in service by the end of this month. The project remains on schedule for completion in 2019. A second MISO approved project, the $150 million Spoon River transmission line in Northwestern Illinois will span 44 miles and include one new substation. Foundation work on this transmission line began in January and the new substation was completed and placed in service in March. This project remains on schedule for completion in 2018. Moving to our third MISO approved project, the Mark Twain transmission line in Northeastern Missouri, there have been several recent developments. In March, the Missouri Court of Appeals for the Western District vacated the certificate of convenience and necessity for the project granted by the Missouri Public Service Commission in April 2016. The court ruled that the Missouri PSE erred in granting a certificate that was conditioned upon ATXI obtaining assents for transmission line road crossings from the five affected counties. We are currently evaluating whether to appeal this ruling to the Missouri Supreme Court. Meanwhile ATXI continues to pursue it suits by last October seeking to obtain assents for the original project route. A decision in these lawsuits is expected in late 2017. While we continue to pursue the construction of Mark Twain transmission line under our original plan, we listened to feedback from key stakeholders and evaluated other approaches to address their concerns. We held further discussions with community members, landowners, County commissioners and local and state representatives and assessed alternative route options for the project. I believe these discussions and additional assessments have proven to be fruitful because earlier this week, ATXI announced a proposed alternative route that would use existing transmission line corridors for nearly 90% of the project. This alternative route is not expected to change the estimated $250 million project costs. This route would significantly minimize the impact to landowners, communities and farmland. To accomplish this, ATXI is collaborating with Northeast Missouri Electric Power Cooperative and with the Ameren Missouri on proposed alternative route. ATXI will finalize the alternative route after obtaining public input and then request assents for road crossings from the commissioners in the five affected counties. Upon receiving the county assents, ATXI will then seek Missouri PSC approval. We look forward to continue to work with key stakeholders and the county commissioners to get this important project for Missouri and the entire Midwest region moving forward. The planned in-service date for the Mark Twain project is late 2019. We also continue to invest in Ameren Illinois's local electric transmission projects to maintain and enhance reliability, including projects to meet reliability requirements, replace aging infrastructure and modernize the grid. Our pipeline for these types of projects remain strong and will continue to deliver significant value to our customers and create jobs. Moving on to our other segments. We also invested about $170 million in Ameren Illinois Electric and Natural Gas Distribution infrastructure projects in the first quarter of this year. These include investments made under the company's modernization action plan, which was enabled by Illinois' Energy Infrastructure Modernization Act of 2011. That was extended through 2022 by the Future Energy Jobs Act. Today, Ameren Illinois's electric grid modernization initiatives have resulted in an overall 17% improvement in reliability and are saving customers an estimated $45 million each year. Ameren Illinois has installed 460,000 electric smart meters and 250,000 gas meter modules at customer premises and this year, we plan to install 300,000 advanced electric meters and upgrade 140,000 gas meter modules as we work to deploy these to all of our 1.2 million electric and 800,000 gas customers in Illinois by the end of 2019. These smart meters and modules provide Ameren Illinois customers with enhanced energy usage data and access to programs to help them save on their energy bills. Turning now to page six for Missouri business update. I am pleased to report that on March 8, the Missouri PSC approved a constructive agreement among all parties in Ameren Missouri's electric rate review. We appreciate the cooperative effort of all parties involved in the case and consider the unanimous agreement a positive constructive step forward. Marty will review the key provisions of this agreement in his remarks. Moving now to a discussion of our efforts to modernize the Missouri regulatory framework for electric utility service. As we speak today, Senate Bill 190, the Missouri The Missouri Economic Development and Infrastructure Investment Act remains on the Missouri Senate's informal calendar and is available for further debate. This legislation will implement regulatory reforms to modernize existing energy policies that would drive significant investment and enable Ameren Missouri to execute its $1 billion incremental infrastructure investment plan over the next five years. These investments would result in significant long-term benefits to customers including providing a more reliable and smarter energy grid, facilitating the transition to a cleaner and more diverse generation portfolio, delivering greater tools to customers for managing their energy usage and positioning us to meet customers' rising energy needs and expectations. And clearly these investments will also create thousands of good quality jobs in the State of Missouri. In addition, this legislation has robust economic development provisions for large electricity users that will also drive meaningful job creation. Importantly, the legislation has strong consumer protections including significant Missouri PSC oversight. Informed by extensive outreach, collaboration and input from key stakeholders, including the Missouri PSC and a Senate Interim Committee, this legislation has received unprecedented statewide support including from major chambers of commerce, individual businesses, labor, suppliers, the agricultural community and many other stakeholders. This unprecedented support has helped drive strong bipartisan support of SB 190 in the legislature. While much progress has been made in designing constructive forward thinking legislation, this legislation was filibustered by a small group of State Senators during debate several weeks ago. While I believe that a strong majority of the Senate wish to see SB 190 come to a vote over the last several weeks, the Senate has spent time on other legislative matters, including the budget. Some of these legislative mattes have staled debate on a number of bills, including SB 190. While we continue to work with key stakeholders to plan a constructive path forward, time is short as the current general assembly session ends next Friday, May 12. As a result, we believe it is unlikely that SB 190 will advance during this legislative session. Of course, should SB 190 not advance during this legislative session, we will be very disappointed. However, we will not be deterred from advocating for important energy and economic policies in the best long-term interest of our customers and the entire State of Missouri. And I do expect that we would leverage the progress we made during this session and support another legislative initiative in the next session. Turning now to page seven. In February, we rolled forward our five-year investment plan which provides for rate based growth at a strong 6% compound annual rate over the 2016 through 2021 period. As you can see on the right side of this page, we plan to continue to allocate greater levels of capital to those jurisdictions with constructive regulatory frameworks that support investment. Clearly, execution of our five-year investment plan is not contingent on the passage of legislation in Missouri. Also in February, we affirmed our expectation for earnings per share growth of 5% to 8% compounded annually from 2016 through 2020, based on the adjusted 2016 guidance midpoint we outlined earlier this year. We consider both our rate base and earnings growth rates to be attractive compared to those of our regulated utility peers. Further Ameren shares continue to offer investors a solid dividend and our Board has increased the dividend in each of the last three years. Of course, future dividend increases will be based on consideration of, among other things, earnings growth, cash flows and economic and other business conditions. To summarize, we believe our strong rate base and earnings growth profile combined with our solid dividend currently providing a yield of approximately 3.2% results in an attractive total return opportunities for our shareholders compared to our regulated utility peers. As a matter of fact, by successfully executing our strategy we have seen total shareholder return performance of 63% over the last three calendar years, beating indices that measured performance of our utility peers. We remain focused on executing our strategy and I am firmly convinced that doing so would deliver superior value to our shareholders, customers and the communities we serve. Again, thank you all for joining us today and I will now turn the call over to Marty.
Marty Lyons: Great. Thanks Warner and good morning everyone. Turning now to page nine of our presentation. As Warner mentioned, we reported first quarter 2017 earnings of $0.42 per share compared with earnings of $0.43 per share for the year-ago quarter. On this page we highlight by segment the key factors that drove the overall $0.01 per share decrease. Starting with Ameren Transmission, the earnings per share contribution from this segment increased from $0.11 per share in the first quarter of 2016 to $0.14 per share in the first quarter of 2017. This growth was driven by increased transmission infrastructure investments at ATXI and Ameren Illinois, which both operate under constructive FERC formulaic rate making. Next, the Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution segment saw its first quarter year-over-year contribution rise from $0.04 to $0.12 per share. This reflected the favorable impact of the 2017 change in the timing of interim period revenue recognition resulting from the recently enacted Future Energy Jobs Act. This act modified the existing formulaic rate making by decoupling our distribution revenues from sales volumes. While this change will impact quarterly comparisons, it will not affect full year earnings. First quarter 2017 earnings at Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution also benefited from increased infrastructure investments as well as a higher allowed return on equity under formulaic rate making of 9.06% compared to 8.71% for the year-ago quarter. Turning to Ameren Missouri. First quarter year-over-year earnings declined from $0.06 to $0.02 per share. Approximately $0.03 of that decline was due to lower electric sales primarily driven by very mild winter temperatures. As a matter fact, first quarter 2017 temperatures were the second warmest on record since 1970, based on heating degree data in our service territory. The Ameren Missouri comparison was also unfavorably affected by higher depreciation expense, which reduced earnings by $0.02 per share. These unfavorable factors were partially offset by $0.01 per share of lower other operations and maintenance expenses not subject to riders or regulatory tracking mechanisms. This reduction is indicative of our ongoing continuous improvement programs and disciplined cost management. Finally, the Ameren Parent and other net cost comparison was unfavorably impacted by the expected lower first quarter tax benefits associated with share-based compensation, which reduced the earnings comparison by $0.07per share. Before moving on, let me briefly cover sales trends for the first quarter of 2017 compared to the first quarter of 2016. Weather normalized kilowatt-hour sales to Illinois and Missouri residential and commercial customers on a combined basis were flat reflecting underlying 2017 growth offset by energy efficiency and the absence of the 2016 leap day sales benefit. Kilowatt-hour sales to Illinois industrial customers in 2017 decreased about 3.5% primarily due to lower sales to a large low margin processor of agricultural products. Finally, kilowatt-hour sales to Missouri industrial customers were flat excluding lower sales to the New Madrid smelter which shut down operations during the first quarter of 2016. I would note that while the level of sales to the smelter reduced earnings by approximately $0.02 per share compared to the level established in the April 2015 rate order, the year-over-year decline in sales to the smelter did not have a material impact on the earnings per share comparison. Moving to page 10 of our presentation, I would now like to discuss 2017 earnings guidance. As Warner stated, we continue to expect 2017 diluted earnings to be in a range of $2.65 to $2.85 per share despite very mild first quarter temperatures, which reduced earnings by $0.08 per share compared to normal. The earnings effect of the mild first quarter temperatures is expected to be offset by the early resolution of the Missouri rate review, which I will touch on in a moment, as well as continued disciplined cost management. Select earnings considerations for the balance of the year are listed on this page. I will not comment on each of these considerations, since they are largely self-explanatory and we discussed all but the change in timing of interim period revenue recognition at Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution on our February earnings call. This additional consideration is discussed in a bullet about two-thirds of the way down this page. As I noted, this change had a favorable impact on first quarter 2017 results. Had this change in the timing of revenue recognition been effective in 2016, it would have increased Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution earnings by approximately $0.08 per share in the first quarter of 2016, by approximately $0.04 per share in the second quarter and by approximately $0.11 per share in the fourth quarter while decreasing earnings by approximately $0.23 per share in the third quarter with no effect on full year earnings. These estimated 2016 quarterly earnings changes can be a guide to the expected impact of this timing change on 2017 quarterly results. Turning to page 11 and the recently concluded Ameren Missouri electric rate review. On March 8, the Missouri PSC approved the stipulation and agreement that resolved this rate review. As many of you know, this agreement was a black box settlement and therefore the final order does not provide as much specificity as previous orders. To assist in your analysis, this page outlines key takeaways from the stipulation and agreement as compared to Ameren Missouri's most recent prior rate order issued by the Missouri PSC in April 2015. Effective April 1, base electric revenues were increased by $92 million annually, 80% of which we expect to realize this year and which includes removal of the negative effect of lower sales to the New Madrid smelter. Concurrently, net base energy cost decreased by $54 million annually, excluding cost reductions associated with reduced sales volumes. This updated level of net base energy costs will be the basis used for prospective changes to the fuel adjustment clause rider. In addition, net amortization and the base level of expenses for regulatory tracking mechanisms were reduced by $26 million annually, which was largely driven by a $21 million reduction in the base level of pension and OPEB expenses. The agreement did not specify an allowed ROE, a rate base level or a common equity ratio. However, the Missouri PSC determined that an implicit ROE in the range of 9.2% to 9.7% is reasonable. This represented the high and low ends of the ranges the parties to the case stated were embedded in the agreement We will use a 9.53% ROE, the level authorized in our April 2015 order to calculate allowance for funds used during construction as supported by the Missouri PSC staff in commission open meeting. And in the absence of the stated ROE in the rate agreement, our goal continues to be to earn as close to the April 2015 authorized ROE of 9.53%on Ameren Missouri's capital structure as possible. Finally, the approved agreement provided for continuation of key trackers and riders including the fuel adjustment clause. Moving now to page 12. I would like to update you on select regulatory matters pending at the Illinois Commerce Commission and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. Turning first to Illinois. Last month, Ameren Illinois made its required annual electric distribution rate update filing. Under Illinois' formula rate making, our utility is required to file annual rate updates to systematically adjust cash flows over time for changes in cost of service and to true up any prior period over or under recovery of such costs. Our filing seeks a $16 million decrease in the annual electric distribution revenue requirement. This net amount includes revenue increases reflecting 2016 recoverable costs, expected 2017 infrastructure investments and recovery in 2018 of the 2016 revenue requirement reconciliation. These increases are more than offset by a revenue decrease due to recovery by year-end 2017 of previously unrecovered costs associated with the 2015 revenue requirement reconciliation. The ICC will review the matter in the months ahead with a decision expected in December of this year and new rates effective early next year. I remind you that each year's Illinois Electric Distribution earnings are a function of that year's ending rate base, the formula determined allowed ROE which is the annual average of the 30-year U.S. Treasury Bond yield for that year plus 580 basis points and the ICC authorized capital structure with the equity component expected to remain 50% and are not directly determined by that year's rate update filing or the current rates charged to customers. Finally, a second complaint case seeking to reduce the base allowed ROE for MISO transmission owners, including Ameren Illinois and ATXI is pending at the FERC. An Administrative Law Judge issued an initial decision in June of last year recommending a 9.7% base ROE. In addition, our Ameren Transmission business has been authorized by FERC to add up to 50 basis points to MISO's base allowed ROE reflecting voluntary participation in MISO. A final order from the FERC is expected this year. Of course, the timing of this decision will depend in part on when new commissioners are confirmed and a quorum exists at the FERC. In addition, we expect deferred commissioners may take time to consider the recent ruling of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the DC Circuit vacating the FERC's order in a New England transmission ROE case as such ruling may influence its order in the pending MISO case. Turning to page 13, I will summarize. We remain on track to deliver within our 2017 earnings guidance range of $2.65per share to $2.85 per share as we continue to successfully execute our strategy. As Warner stated, as we look ahead, we continue to expect strong earnings per share growth, driven by strong rate based growth and disciplined financial management and the Ameren shares continue to offer investors an attractive dividend. In total, we believe we have an attractive total shareholder return story compared to our regulated utility peers. That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson: Good morning.
Warner Baxter: Good morning Paul.
Marty Lyons: Good morning Paul.
Paul Patterson: The FERC completed and I am sorry if I missed this, so the DC Circuit decision, does that change any of this, in your opinion?
Marty Lyons: Yes. Paul, this is Marty. We commented on that right there at the end of our prepared remarks. That case, I wouldn't say has any direct impact on the MISO ROE complaint cases, but of course the methodology that the FERC used to determine the outcome of the first complaint case and also underscored the ALJ's decision in the second complaint case. We are certainly in line with that methodology that the FERC used in the New England case. So again, no direct impact, but of course the methodology did underlie the findings of the FERC and the ALJ, as I mentioned. So as we look ahead, we suspect that once the FERC has a quorum and they look to decide on the second complaint case, they will want to take into consideration the court's findings in the first case as they think about how they will rule in the second. And it's hard to predict, but we suspect that it could end up factoring into the timing in terms of the FERC's in the second case.
Paul Patterson: But with respect to the 2016, the finding whether or not the original rate was unjust and unreasonable, that element doesn't seem to be, do I understand that you don't think that portion of the DC Circuit's ruling applies? Is that right? Or is not applicable to this? That's what I am a little bit confused about.
Marty Lyons: Well, I think in our cases, like in the New England case, I mean they have to do both, right. They have to determine that the existing rate is unjust and unreasonable and then secondarily determine that the new rate is properly supported by the evidence in the record. So I think both of those things apply in both of the cases. And so I think when they look at those cases, they will be taking both of those things into consideration.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then just on the 9% rate base growth in Illinois and should we expect a decrease in O&M or fuel and purchase power costs or just in general operational cost or productivity increase as a result of this? Or is it where the rate base goes, that doesn't really do that as kind of replacement or what happened? So I just wonder if you could elaborate a little bit on that.
Marty Lyons: Yes. I assume you are specifically talking about the electric distribution. But absolutely, what the customers in Illinois are seeing as a result of the investments we are making are both improvements in reliability and decreased costs overall as a result of the investments we are making. And I would also note that over time, the customers rates are also being positively impacted by the lower power and capacity prices that we have been seeing in the Illinois apart from the positive impact of the investments that we are making in the Illinois electric distribution system.
Paul Patterson: Do you think because of the low, I mean Dynegy is kind of crying out there about how the price is so low they can't go on this way. Is there any opportunity for you guys to, I know things would actually have to change there in Illinois, but I am just wondering if there is an opportunity there for you to provide some sort of resource or something in Illinois or just any thoughts about what Dynegy is talking about with the low price that came in?
Marty Lyons: Yes. Look, I don't have any specific comment on what Dynegy is seeking. I will say this that today it seems like with respect to capacity that we have the resources in Illinois to serve our customer's need, that I think is evidenced by the low capacity price that we saw this year. Longer term, however, we are certainly concerned about capacity adequacy, reliability and volatility of rates for our customers and as we have in the past, we stand ready to work with all parties in terms of resource adequacy for the State of the Illinois.
Paul Patterson: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Joe Zhou with Avon Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Andy Levi: Hi. It's Andy Levi. How are you guys doing?
Warner Baxter: Good morning Andy. How are you?
Andy Levi: I am doing well. Just on the Missouri rate order that you have got and I know you kind of went over it, but I just want to understand the earnings power of it. Can we just go over the three components and how they benefit the income statement, $92 million to $54 million and the $26 million?
Marty Lyons: Yes. So Andy, this is Marty. Absolutely. I think if you refer to slide 10, you will probably get the best picture of that overall in terms of how we expect the impacts to occur. Obviously the first element, which is the $92 million overall increase in rates, which was about 3.5%in terms of customer rate increases, the primary driver. And I would say this year just because of the timing of our rate structure, which we have higher rates in the summer months, about 80% of that will be realized this year. But if you look at slide 10 and you look down the list, one of the other elements of the case was the net base fuel costs that are embedded in the rates were lowered. That becomes the base on which any prospective changes in net fuel and purchase power costs are measured. And then lastly, we saw lower amortizations or lower base for things that are amortizations that reflected in riders and trackers also reduced by about $26 million. So those are the primary impacts. We list those in the slides. It's the $92 million rate increase. It's $54 million of reduced net base energy costs and then the $26 million of lower net amortizations. And as you see on slide 10, we list out some of those components.
Andy Levi: I do see that. And this is just, this is not the annualized affect. This is nine months. Is that correct?
Marty Lyons: Yes. That's a good point too, Andy. That is the nine month impact. And so as we look ahead to next year, we would see the full annualized impact of that. That's why I mentioned on the $92 million, it's about 80% of that's realized this year. On the other two, it's about three quarters, about 75% realized this year.
Andy Levi: Right. So really I mean it's not $170 million rate increase, but it's $170 million of earnings benefit pretax.
Marty Lyons: Yes. The rate increase was $92 million, like I said, which is about 3.5%. But then on slide 10, we show you the overall impact.
Andy Levi: Right. And any of those other two components. What have you built into your forecast for 2017 relative to these three items?
Marty Lyons: In our forecast for 2017, that's what we have got on slide 10, as I am understanding.
Andy Levi: I understand that. But originally when you came out with a forecast?
Marty Lyons: You are talking about the guidance?
Andy Levi: Yes. I think the settlement had been already out there, is that correct, before you gave guidance?
Marty Lyons: It is. I understand your question now. When we came out with our guidance for this year, certainly that we had reached the settlement amongst the parties and we believe that the guidance range that we provided accommodated that outcome. Andy I think as you think about the guidance that we gave at the beginning of the year and what we are seeing here today, we have had about $0.08 of negative weather in the first quarter. And as you think about when we provided you that guidance, which was midway through February, certainly we had a sense that weather hit was very mild and that there were some negative impacts. We also had a sense of this constructive settlement that have been reached. However, the Commission had certainly not yet ruled on it and we really didn't know definitively when the rate increase would go into place. So when we gave that guidance, we certainly felt like the range that we gave was appropriate given the multiple things we had in front of us there. As we look ahead for the remainder of the year, when you think about the first quarter and if you look ahead, in the first quarter we had about a negative $0.08 of weather and that was offset when you think about the first quarter by this change in the timing of the revenue recognition in Illinois. But the Illinois item is simply a timing item whereas the weather is more permanent, if you will, unless we see some weather variation in the next nine months. So as we look ahead at the guidance, we obviously left our guidance unchanged and as we think about it, we expect that negative impact of the weather to be overcome in part by constructive outcome in the rate case and the timing of the rate increase, but also by continued financial management and disciplined cost control.
Andy Levi: Okay. Thank you very much on that. And the other question is just kind of a big picture basis and the reason I am asking it, maybe I shouldn't, I mean hopefully I will like the answer. But obviously this Great Plains, Westar merger is having issues and may or may not happen as they filed for reconsideration today. But I don't know if that's a half-hearted effort or not, but whatever. But then the media talk was like, oh, well then Ameren is going to come and when everything is said and done and take a look at WR and I know you don't like to speak about specific names and all that. So I am not asking you to do that, but just in general, can you kind of address that because over the last two weeks there has been a lot of talk within the investment community concerning that and the concern around that?
Warner Baxter: Andy, this is Warner. I can be happy to address that. Number one, as you rightly said, we never comment on any rumors or M&A activities or speculative transactions, right. But as I said before and I will say it again, I want to be clear, we remain very focused, very focused on executing our strategic plan and that strategic plan is all about organic growth in our regulated business. It's all about executing that rate base growth that we talked about. And that plan has delivered strong total shareholder returns over the last three years. So that's where our focus is.
Andy Levi: Thanks.
Operator: [Operator Instructions]. Our next question comes from Leslie Rich with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Leslie Rich: Hi. You cited $0.07 per share in corporate from lower tax benefits from share-based compensation and as I go back and look at the first quarter of last year, your tax rate was particularly low. So I am just wondering if you could talk about sort of the timing there? Was that a benefit that you took in 2016 that didn't recur in 2017? Or is there something changing in terms of the new FASB rules on accounting for stock-based compensation?
Marty Lyons: Yes. Thanks Leslie. This is Marty. Yes, we actually adopted that accounting for stock-based compensation last year in the first quarter. And last year, if you look back, which we were pretty clear about, we had a $0.09 benefit from adoption of that standard in the first quarter of last year. And that really gets to a difference between the value of what employees received at that time versus what had been recognized previously in earnings. So there is a $0.09 benefit last year. This year the benefit was $0.02. And therefore the delta is a negative $0.07 year-over-year.
Leslie Rich: Okay. And then our tax rate for the full year, are you still thinking it will around 38%?
Marty Lyons: Absolutely, Leslie. Yes. That's right. So when you look at, it is lower here in the first quarter. I think it was around 35% and changed in terms of the effective tax rate, but we expect 38% for the full year.
Leslie Rich: Great. Thank you.
Marty Lyons: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow up from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson: Hi. How's it going?
Warner Baxter: Hi Paul.
Paul Patterson: So just, you guys covered SB 190, but as you know, this has been going on for some time. Each legislative session, it seems like dejà vu, we had a filibuster before. I listened to some of debate as you mentioned this session. But how should we think about the fact that, first of all I don't know whether or not constitutionally or rule wise, what have you, if the filibuster could be broken? But I mean, I don't know what the rules actually are associated with that. So maybe you can elaborate a little bit on that? But I guess in the absence of that, how should we think about your legislative strategy, I guess, next year or what have you regarding this?
Warner Baxter: Paul, this is Warner. I will take a shot at it. Now, I will address both on them in terms of the bigger picture and sort of the dejà vu comment as well as sort of filibuster. Number one, it may feel like dejà vu, but I will tell you from my perspective, we have consistently made progress in advancing the discussion on important energy infrastructure legislation that will support investment. And I think what we have seen over the last two sessions has been that just meaningful progress in terms of stakeholder support, but also legislative support. And so of course, if it doesn't advances session, we are going to be disappointed. But from my perspective, what we have done in the Missouri legislature working with our other utilities across the state is make sure they understand the clear opportunities in terms of what's important to modernize the energy grid, but also those opportunities that those investments will create jobs. I think this is why you see such strong bipartisan support. This is why you saw we come out of Senate Commerce Committee with such a strong vote. Unfortunately as you rightly point out, we have had some challenges in avoiding the filibuster. And so in terms of the filibuster, there are two ways to address a filibuster or probably maybe three. Number one, you try and minimize the number of folks that are willing to filibuster and from our perspective, that number has meaningfully decreased from where it was in the past. Secondly, what you hope to do is try and find a compromise with those folks, but if not, then you need to be given adequate pour time to try and drive either negotiations or get something across the finish line. It's not unusual in the Missouri legislature. Filibusters do occur in other bills and frankly ultimately, sometimes they get passed, sometimes they don't. But the bottom line is, a filibuster doesn't ultimately kill everything that goes on in the Missouri legislature. Last but that least, there are rules that the Senate has available to it that could help the debate on the bill. But as we have said before, those rules are used pretty infrequently. But there are ways to address it. First and foremost, we try to do it in the constructive fashion and find good compromise that creates a win-win for everybody. So as we look forward then into the next legislative session, as I said on my comments, while we may be disappointed if Senate Bill 190 does not advance the session, we are not going to be deterred because we think it's absolutely critical to continue to advocate for important energy and economic policies. They are in the best long-term interest for our customers and the entire State of Missouri. I think when you look at the work that we have done and the growing body of evidence across the country that these regulatory reforms are truly driving customer benefits and creating jobs, those kind of things will continue to put us in a very good position whereby constructive regulatory reform can ultimately be passed in the State of Missouri. That's my perspective.
Paul Patterson: Okay. That's very helpful and very comprehensive. Just to make sure I understand personally because I don't want to monitor the thing forever. When you say that you would be disappointed, it sounds like you are not hopeful that it will pass, but do you think that there is a significant chance that it may pass still?
Warner Baxter: No. Well, Paul, what I said, we said it's unlikely. We have till May 12. So time is short. And so because of that I think it creates, it's very challenging for that Senate Bill 190 to get passed this legislative session.
Paul Patterson: Okay. But never say never, maybe.
Warner Baxter: You never say never. And we still, as I said also, that we are still trying to work on the constructive path forward with key stakeholders but the time is ticking.
Paul Patterson: And then just one final follow-up on the rate base growth question that I had about Illinois. Is there any quantitative number in terms of O&M or just cost savings in general that are associated with them that you have? I know you may not have off the top here, but I am just wondering if there is a rule of thumb that we should maybe be thinking about in terms of what might happen there in terms of, I don't know, smart meter lowering costs or what have you?
Warner Baxter: No. I don't know that there's really rule of thumb. If you look back at some of our prepared remarks today, you will notice some of the mention we gave to the improvement in reliability as well as some of the annual value that customers are realizing as a result of the broad infrastructure investments that we are making and we will continue to update those over time, Paul. I guess and I don't think I have a good metric for you and we will look at whether one of those exist, but clearly over time as we invest more in our smart infrastructure as we roll out more of our smart meters to our customers in Illinois, both the electric meters as well as the gas meter modules, we will provide continuing updates on the improvements that we are seeing in overall reliability and cost savings that we are bringing to the customers. And in the meantime, we will work with some of our folks in operations to see whether we can come up with some meaningful metrics that we might provide going forward in terms of the savings.
Paul Patterson: Great. I really appreciate it. Thanks a lot.
Warner Baxter: Thanks Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Neil Kalton with Wells Fargo Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Neil Kalton: Yes. Hi guys. Thanks for taking my call.
Warner Baxter: Hi Neil.
Neil Kalton: So really you answered most of my questions on SB 190and the last question or the last answer, but just a follow-up, I think your points are well taken that in the state, the legislative support, other support, something is this really strong. So what point in time, tactically, do you say maybe going down the legislative route we don't need to do that as much anymore and really look for solutions just going straight to the regulators themselves? Would that be something that you would rethink as we think about 2017 and 2018 and beyond?
Warner Baxter: Hi Neil. This is Warner. Look, the bottom line is that in moving policies forward, we consider both the legislative route and consider the regulatory route. You have seen us in regulatory, the rate cases advance policies that are within the tools that the Commission currently has. So that's always an option. But we also pursue the legislative option. And we think too clearly that that is a big good sustainable path as well. So there is no point of inflexion. There's no black or white line that let's you go through, to say here's the time. The point is, we factor a number of things into our thinking around that. But the most important thing is that we get it done for the State of Missouri and for our customers. And Michael, you have some additional comments around this?
Michael Moehn: Well, I think the important thing associated with the legislative side is creating that consistency, right. I mean I think the uncertainty associated with the regulatory processes that you are looking for is some long-term investments to make and that's really what we see through the legislative process is giving us the window to do that. That's why we have been so focused on.
Neil Kalton: Okay. That makes sense. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is a follow-up from Joe Zhou with Avon Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Andy Levi: Hi. It's Andy again.
Warner Baxter: Hi Andy.
Andy Levi: So I guess the points are kind of well taken on the legislation. So it just seems like that strategy is going to kind of work in Missouri and maybe it does but God only knows when. So on the regulatory front, what are you thinking there? I mean you have kind of backed off spending more money and allocating more money to Illinois, which obviously is the right strategy and not as much to Missouri. At the same time, you have got a pretty fair rate order. And we are also compensated for Noranda in the latest filings. And I guess there's been some workshops but over my career, workshops tend not always to be too much. What's the thinking now in Missouri CapEx wise, investment wise? Is it still kind of to not invest as much as you had planned? Or as much as maybe the legislation would have allowed? Or at some point do you decide to kind of go the more traditional route and start ramping up the investment there? And obviously there is regulatory lag, but also working with the Commission to try to, the words are eliminate that, but to kind of be able to work recover cost on a timely basis Missouri wise? I am not saying timely in general but just Missouri wise. So what's the thinking in that?
Warner Baxter: Andy, this is Warner. I will hit the highlights and certainly Marty and/or Michael can join in. My view is that we are pretty clear about what our five-year plan is. I mean it's laid out there and clearly the compound annual growth rate from Missouri is what it is, it's laid out there in the slides, about 2%. And we feel very comfortable with that. And the strong robust plan, the 6% rate growth plan that we talk about is not contingent on regulatory reform in Missouri. But we have also said, if we have regulatory reform in Missouri, whether it comes through legislative means, whether it comes to regulatory means or a combination thereof, it will give us the ability to put more money to work in the State of Missouri and therefore enhance that investment profile. So I think that's really how I see it going forward. Michael, any other comments?
Michael Moehn: Yes. That's right. Just want to be clear that we are investing to maintain safe and adequate service here in the State of Missouri. There's no question about that. We are missing an opportunity I think to modernize this grid. And what we are doing in Illinois today, I think, is a great example. But we are going to continue to stay after this. But just want to be clear about the investments that we are making today in the State of Missouri.
Warner Baxter: Absolutely right.
Andy Levi: I understand that. I mean obviously you are going to run the system the best you can. It's just a matter of modernizing the system to where other states are at right now. But you don't get to a point where, not because the system is not running well, don't misunderstand me, but where you decide, okay, the legislative route is not working. Obviously you are trying not only to run a really good system in this area, but also trying to make a point too without proper regulatory reform or treatment, it's very hard as a business to make those investments, especially when you have opportunities across the border in Illinois. So at what point do you decide to make those investments and I want to regardless or are you saying that you won't unless there is reform?
Michael Moehn: Again, this is Michael Moehn. I think it's looking for that certainly. I think you said it well. I mean, as we said before, we are maintaining safe and adequate service. We are allocating where we can in other jurisdictions today. We will continue to look at all tools that we have in front of us, legislative or regulatorily and if we see an opportunity, we will certainly take it, but it is that certainty that we are missing today and we have better opportunities. But again we are going to continue to invest where we have to maintain the system that customers are expecting from us.
Warner Baxter: So the bottom line, Andy, is, we feel comfortable with our plan.
Andy Levi: I know you do.
Warner Baxter: And we have been pretty clear.
Michael Moehn: So we are going to continue to stay at it because we think it's simply the right thing to do for our customers, for the State of Missouri and our shareholders.
Andy Levi: I mean, obviously, we like your story quite a bit. And you guys have done a very, very good job. But I guess at the same time, I could see some higher growth from Missouri, obviously that would enhance the growth rate of the corporation as well beyond the 6% through 2021. But I completely hear what you are saying. I mean, Missouri regulation is, again this is me talking, not the company, somewhat arcane in the way that they do things and makes it difficult, both on an investment basis as a investor and also for you guys as well. But okay. Thank you very much.
Warner Baxter: Thanks for your question, Andy.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Mr. Fischer for closing remarks.
Doug Fischer: Thank you for participating in this call. Let me remind you again that a replay of the call will be available for one year on our website. If you have questions, you may call the contacts listed on our earnings release. Financial analyst inquiries should be directed to meet, Doug Fischer or my associate Andrew Kirk. Media should call Joe Muehlenkamp. Our contact numbers are on the release. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2016 Q4  (2017-02-16 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Doug Fischer - Senior Director, Investor Relations Warner Baxter - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Marty Lyons - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Michael Moehn - Chairman and President, Ameren Missouri
Analysts: Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann Larry Lau - JPMorgan Gregg Orrill - Barclays
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Ameren Corporation Fourth Quarter 2016 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Doug Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Fischer, you may begin.
Doug Fischer: [Technical Difficulty] broadcast live on the Internet and the webcast will be available for one year on the amereninvestors.com website. Further, this call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today’s live broadcast and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted on the amereninvestors.com website a presentation that will be referenced by our speakers. To access this, please look in the Investors News and Events section of this website under Events and Presentations. Acronyms used in the presentation will be defined in the glossary on the last page. Turning to Page 2 of the presentation please note that comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the forward-looking statements section in the news release we issued today and the forward-looking statements and risk factors sections in our filings with the SEC. Warner will begin this call with an overview of 2016 results, a business update and comments on our outlook for 2017 and beyond. Marty will follow with more detailed comments on our financial results and outlook. We will then open the call for questions. Before Warner begins, I would like to mention that all per share earnings amounts discussed during today’s presentation, including earnings guidance are presented on a diluted basis, unless otherwise noted. Now here is Warner, who will start on Page 4 of the presentation.
Warner Baxter: Thanks, Doug. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Today, we announced 2016 earnings of $2.68 per share compared to core earnings of $2.56 per share for 2015. Once again, we delivered another year of solid earnings growth driven by the successful execution of our strategy. Marty will discuss the drivers of our 2016 earnings results in a few minutes. But first, I want to highlight some of the key actions we took to successfully execute our strategy in 2016 for the benefit of our customers and shareholders. Starting with our strategy to prudently invest in and operate our utilities in a manner consistent with existing regulatory frameworks. We continue to allocate significant amounts of capital to those businesses that are supported by modern constructive regulatory frameworks for the benefit of our customers. In fact, we invested $2.1 billion in utility infrastructure last year with two-thirds, over $1.3 billion, going to projects in the FERC regulated electric transmission and Illinois regulated electric and natural gas distribution businesses. A significant portion of the $1.3 billion was invested in the Illinois Rivers project, a new high-voltage transmission line, which will span 385 miles across the state of Illinois. This project remains on schedule for completion in 2019 with 4 of its 9 line segments energized, including 2 river crossings and 8 of 10 substations now in service. This strategic allocation of capital and effective project execution, combined with disciplined cost management, meaningfully contributed to the solid financial results I just discussed. Turning to Missouri, in order to earn a fair return on our electric business, we filed a rate review request in July with the Missouri Public Service Commission. We are seeking to recover costs related to infrastructure investments made for the benefit of customers and to remove the negative earnings effect of lower sales to the New Madrid smelter. There was a recent development in this rate review and I will provide an important update in a few minutes. Moving down the page last year, we also continued to work to enhance our regulatory frameworks and advocate for responsible energy and economic policies. I am pleased to report that we have made very good progress on this strategic focus area as well. Notably, Ameren Illinois successfully advocated for the recently enacted Future Energy Jobs Act, which improved the already constructive regulatory framework for our electric distribution business in Illinois. This will extend its constructive formula ratemaking through 2022 enabling the continuation of our strong infrastructure investment plan to benefit our customers and the state of Illinois and also meaningfully improved the regulatory framework for energy efficiency programs. The law allows us to capitalize and earn a fair return on our future energy efficiency expenditures, which will enable Ameren Illinois to expand its energy efficiency programs for the benefit of our customers. Further, it provides revenue decoupling, eliminating potential sales margin erosion due to, among other things, energy efficiency. Finally, this law will help maintain and create new jobs in our service territory and it contains strong consumer protections. Simply put, it was a win-win for all stakeholders in Illinois. And in Missouri, we continued our extensive efforts to enhance the state’s regulatory framework for electric service in order to support the investment in a smarter energy grid and create jobs. A great deal of time and effort was spent working with key stakeholders after the 2016 legislative session to discuss this important matter for the state of Missouri. I will update you on our ongoing efforts in this area a bit later. The final element of our strategy calls for creating and capitalizing on opportunities for investment for the benefit of our customers and shareholders. As I just mentioned, the Illinois energy legislation enacted in late 2016 enables expansion of energy efficiency programs and allows Ameren Illinois to capitalize and earn a fair return on those investments. Also, the Missouri Public Service Commission approved two solar pilot programs that will provide clean energy choices for our customers and increased investment opportunities for Ameren Missouri, should these pilots proved successful and the programs be expanded. Finally, in September of last year, Ameren Missouri filed a plan with the Missouri PSC for potential incremental infrastructure investments of $1 billion over a 5-year period ending in 2022 that would benefit customers should these investments be enabled by an enhanced electric regulatory framework. Ameren Missouri also identified additional potential incremental infrastructure investments over a 10-year period that would modernize its energy grid and facilitate the transition to a cleaner, more diverse generation portfolio for the long-term benefit of its customers and the state of Missouri. Turning now to Page 5 and earnings guidance. First, I am pleased to inform you that we expect our 2017 earnings per share to be in the range of $2.65 to $2.85 per share. The midpoint of this guidance reflects strong earnings per share growth of approximately 6.5% compared to weather normalized 2016 results. Marty will provide you more details on this a bit later. Second, we remained on track to deliver strong long-term earnings growth and continue to expect earnings per share to grow at a 5% to 8% compound annual rate from 2016 to 2020 based on the adjusted 2016 earnings per share guidance midpoint of $2.63 we provided a year ago. We plan to deliver these earnings results in the future through the continued execution of our strategy in 2017 and beyond. Turning now to Page 6, a key element of our strategy is to continue to advance our plan for investing in our utilities in a manner consistent with existing regulatory frameworks. The strong earnings growth outlook I just discussed is driven by our rate base growth outlook. Today, we are rolling forward our 5-year investment plan and I am pleased to say that we expect to grow our rate base at a strong 6% compound annual rate over the 2016 through 2021 period. As you can see on the right side of this page, we continue to allocate greater levels of capital to those jurisdictions with constructive regulatory frameworks that support investment. Our transmission projects are projected to increase FERC-regulated rate base by 13% compounded annually over the 2016 through 2021 period. In addition, our investments in Illinois Electric Distribution and Illinois Natural Gas are expected to result in 9% compound annual rate base growth for each of these businesses for the same period. I would note that energy efficiency investments made under the Illinois Future Energy Jobs Act are incorporated into this outlook. And finally, our Missouri rate base is expected to grow at a slower 2% compound annual rate. Of course, the expected Missouri rate base growth rate would increase from this level if legislation is enacted that sufficiently enhances the state’s regulatory framework to support investment. Moving now to Page 7, another key element of our strategy is to achieve a fair and balanced resolution to our pending Missouri electric rate review. I am pleased to report that as a result of extensive collaboration, all the major parties participating in this rate review, the Ameren Missouri, the staff at the Missouri Public Service Commission, the Office of Public Counsel, industrial consumer groups and others, recently reached an agreement in principle on all the issues in this case. As a result, we expect the stipulation and agreement signed by these parties and possibly others to be filed with the Missouri Public Service Commission very soon, with the request of the agreement be approved by the commission. At this point, the agreement in principle is considered confidential. However, I would note that the earnings guidance we have provided today is consistent with these terms. Turning to Page 8 of the presentation, enhancing Missouri’s electric regulatory framework remains a key strategic focus, because we strongly believe it would bring significant long-term benefits to our customers and the entire State of Missouri. Consistent with the benefits we have seen in Illinois and around the country, modernized policies to support energy infrastructure investments will lead to a more reliable and smarter energy grid, facilitate the transition to a cleaner and more diverse generation portfolio, provide greater tools for customers to manage their future energy usage, position us to meet our customers’ rising energy needs and expectations and create significant quality jobs for Missouri. With these benefits in mind, in December 2016, Senate Bill 190, the Missouri Economic Development and Infrastructure Investment Act was filed. This slide slight outlines the key provisions of the bill. In summary, Senate Bill 190 would implement important regulatory reforms which would drive significant infrastructure investments and results in the benefits I just described. In addition, this legislation contains robust consumer protections including strong oversight by the Missouri Public Service Commission. And finally, Senate Bill 190 includes forward-thinking economic development provisions for our larger energy consumers, which in turn would help create good quality jobs. I would note that enactment of this legislation in its current form will support Ameren Missouri’s ability to execute on $1 billion of incremental infrastructure investment over 5 years. Consistent with this filing with the Missouri Public Service Commission last fall, we along with all of the other Missouri investor owned electric utilities, have continued to actively engage in discussions with customers, legislators, state officials and other stakeholders to build support for this important legislation. I am pleased to report that Senate Bill 190 was approved by the Senate Commerce Committee last week by a bipartisan 8 to 1 vote, is now headed to the full Senate consideration. While good progress is made on Senate Bill 190 to-date, we are still very early in the legislative process. Keep in mind that the legislative session ends on May 12. As we move to the session, we will continue our extensive outreach and collaboration with key stakeholders to move Missouri forward on this important energy and economic policy initiative for the long-term benefit of our customers and the entire state of Missouri. Turning now to Page 9 of our presentation and a discussion of potential federal corporate income tax reform, I will begin by saying that Ameren supports thoughtful, comprehensive tax reform as we believe that lower corporate tax rates drive economic growth and job creation, benefiting our customers, the communities we serve and other key stakeholders. Recognizing that we are still in the relatively early stages of a tax reform debate, we are focusing our advocacy efforts with some key principles in mind. We want to ensure that tax reform does not negatively impact our key stakeholders, notably our customers as well as appropriately supports our industry’s efforts to invest in our nation’s critical energy infrastructure in an affordable manner. With these principles in mind, this slide highlights key areas of focus for Ameren and our industry. As I noted, it is still early in this debate and there are many moving parts, but we also recognize that many of you are interested in what impact tax reform could have on Ameren. Based on our current assessment of preliminary tax reform proposals, aside from the expected one-time non-cash charge to write-down certain of our deferred tax assets, we do not believe this plan would impact our strong earnings growth guidance through 2020. Marty will address some of the underlying assumptions associated with our assessment in a few moments. Of course, I expect there will be several changes to the tax reform proposals between now and the end of the debate. That is why Ameren and many of my colleagues in the industry will remain actively engaged with policymakers and key stakeholders on this important economic policy matter in the months ahead. Turning now to Page 10, here you can see that our strategic and disciplined allocation of capital is also being driven by our view that the energy grid will be increasingly more important and valuable to our customers, the communities we serve and our shareholders. We plan to continue to invest to modernize our electric and gas transmission and distribution operations to make them safer, smarter and more resilient. As well as invest in smart meters and new technologies in order to meet our customers’ future energy needs and expectations. Right side of this page shows that our allocation of capital is expected to grow these energy delivery businesses to nearly three quarters of our rate base by the end of 2021. As a result, our investment in coal and gas fired generation is expected to decline to a combined 15% of rate base by year end 2021. We are also advancing our efforts on innovative technologies to increase operating efficiencies, strengthen the energy grid and create innovative energy solutions for our customers. Further, we remain focused on transitioning our generation to a cleaner and more diverse portfolio in a responsible fashion. And this transition will continue beyond 2021 with the schedule retirement of Meramec’s coal fired energy center in 2022. In addition, Ameren Missouri is developing its next 20-year Integrated Resource Plan, which is scheduled to be filed with the Missouri PSC in October 2017. In this plan, we will continue to appropriately balance our responsibilities to our customers and communities, the environment and of course, our shareholders. Moving to Page 11, we anticipate that the execution of our strategy in 2017 and beyond will not only bring superior value to our customers, but also to our shareholders. To reiterate, we continue to expect earnings per share to grow at a 5% to 8% compound annual rate from 2016 to 2020, based on the adjusted 2016 guidance midpoint we provided a year ago. Further, as I also discussed, we project rate base growth of 6% compounded annually from 2016 to 2021. We expect these growth rates to compare favorably with our regulated utility peers. Further, Ameren shares offer investors an attractive dividend. The annualized equivalent rate of $1.76 per share incorporates the October 2016 decision by the Board of Directors to increase the dividend for the third consecutive year, reflecting their continued confidence in the outlook for our businesses and our long-term strategy. And we continue to expect our dividend payout ratio to range between 55% and 70% of annual earnings. Of course, future dividend increases will be based on consideration of, among other things, earnings growth, cash flows and economic and other business conditions. To summarize, we believe our strong rate base and earnings growth profile, combined with our solid dividend, currently providing a yield of approximately 3.3% results in an attractive total return opportunity for our shareholders compared to our regulated utility peers. We remain focused on executing our strategy and I remain firmly convinced that doing so will deliver superior value to our shareholders, customers and the communities we serve. Again, thank you all for joining us today. And I will now turn the call over to Marty.
Marty Lyons: Thank you, Warner and good morning everyone. I am turning now to Page 13 of our presentation. As Warner mentioned, we reported 2016 earnings of $2.68 per share compared with core earnings of $2.56 per share for the prior year. And as you can see, there was no difference between GAAP and core results for 2016. On Page 14, we highlight factors that drove the $0.12 per share year-over-year increase in 2016 earnings compared to 2015 core results. As discussed in today’s press release, we now consider Ameren to have four reportable segments. You can see the 2015 and 2016 comparative earnings per share contributions of these segments graphically at the right where we show Ameren Missouri in green representing all of the operations of Ameren Missouri; Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution in dark blue, Ameren Illinois Natural Gas in light blue and last, but certainly not least, Ameren Transmission in orange, which is composed of the FERC-regulated electric transmission businesses of Ameren Illinois and ATXI. We believe that analyzing and reporting results in this manner is appropriate given the unique regulatory framework associated with each segment and the manner in which we allocate capital and which to assess performance over time. We hope you find this new segment presentation useful. So then diving into the comparative earnings results, let’s start with Ameren Transmission, where the earnings per share contribution increased from $0.34 in 2015 to $0.48 in 2016. This 41% growth was driven by increased infrastructure investments at both ATXI and Ameren Illinois which both operate under constructive FERC formulaic ratemaking, coupled with higher average earned returns on equity. In 2016, our Transmission segment benefited from a temporarily higher FERC-allowed ROE as a result of the expiration in May of 2016 of the 15-month refund period for the second MISO ROE complaint case. The FERC’s order in the first complaint case then lowered the allowed ROE in late September 2016 to 10.82%, including our 50 basis point adder for voluntary participation in MISO. Moving to Ameren Illinois Natural Gas, in 2016, we saw the earnings contribution of this segment increase 60%, rising from $0.15 per share to $0.24 per share. This growth was again driven by infrastructure investment as well as an updated allowed return on equity, both of which were reflected in rates that became effective in December of 2015, incorporating a 2016 forward test year. Turning to our Illinois Electric Distribution business, 2016 results grew by just 2% from $0.51 in 2015 to $0.52 in 2016. Here the benefits of infrastructure investment in warmer summer weather were partially offset by the temporary impacts of a lower allowed ROE under formulaic ratemaking of 8.4% compared to 8.64% for the year prior. The 2016 allowed ROE was based on the 2016 average 30-year treasury yield of 2.6%, down from the 2015 average of 2.84%. The year-over-year earnings comparison was also negatively impacted by the absence in 2016 of certain power usage cost recoveries reflected in 2015 results. The earnings contribution from Ameren Missouri, our largest segment, declined from $1.63 in 2015 to $1.47 in 2016. Here, the earnings benefits very warm summer temperatures and disciplined cost management were not enough to overcome the unfavorable impacts of lower sales to the New Madrid smelter and the unfavorable year-over-year comparative earnings impact of the 2013 to 2015 Missouri energy efficiency plan. In 2016, Ameren Missouri recognized a performance incentive award associated with the energy efficiency results achieved over the 3 years ending in 2015, reflecting the tremendous success of this program for our customers. However, this was lower than our energy efficiency program benefits recognized in 2015. The earnings comparison was also unfavorably affected by nuclear refueling and maintenance outage expenses at the Callaway Energy Center in 2016 compared to no such outage in the prior year as well as higher depreciation expense. Finally, the Ameren parent and other net cost comparison was positively impacted by the first quarter recognition of tax benefits associated with share-based compensation. Before moving on, let me briefly cover 2016 electric sales growth compared to the prior year. Weather-normalized kilowatt hour sales to residential and commercial customers were up slightly in both Illinois and Missouri, reflecting underlying growth and the leap day sales benefit partially offset by energy efficiency impacts. Kilowatt hour sales to Illinois industrial customers in 2016 decreased about 1% primarily due to lower sales to several large low margin Illinois customers, including those in steelmaking, heavy equipment manufacturing, mining and energy. However, we did see year-over-year growth in sales to industrial customers in the second half of the year after a first half decline. Finally, kilowatt hour sales to Missouri industrial customers declined about one half of 1%, excluding lower sales to the New Madrid smelter. Moving to Page 15 of our presentation, I would now like to transition to a discussion of key drivers impacting our 2017 earnings guidance. As Warner stated, we expect 2017 diluted earnings to be in the range of $2.65 to $2.85 per share. On this page and the next, we have listed key earnings drivers of and assumptions behind our 2017 earnings guidance broken down by segment and as compared to 2016 results. Ameren Missouri’s earnings are expected to rise in 2017 assuming increased electric service rates consistent with the agreement in principle to settle its pending rate review. The new rates would address the negative earnings impacts of reduced sales levels to the New Madrid smelter, adding an estimated $0.12 per share to the year-over-year earnings comparison. The new rates are also expected to reflect infrastructure investments made for the benefit of customers through December 31, 2016 and changes in various operating expense levels. In 2017, we expect Missouri’s results to reflect increased depreciation, transmission and property tax expenses. These increases in expense are expected to continue to be a drag on earned returns particularly during the first half of 2017 prior to the date when rates are adjusted. In addition, a return to normal temperatures would reduce Ameren Missouri’s earnings by $0.08 per share compared to last year. Further, Ameren Missouri’s electric service earnings will be negatively affected by the absence in 2017 of the previously mentioned energy efficiency performance incentive award that was recognized in 2016. Finally, expenses associated with the Callaway nuclear refueling and maintenance outage, scheduled for the fall of this year, are expected to be comparable to those experienced as a result of the spring outage last year. Moving now to our transmission business earnings are expected to rise in 2017 benefiting from additional infrastructure investments made in Ameren Illinois and ATXI under formula ratemaking. However, we expect this benefit to be partially offset by a lower projected weighted average allowed ROE in 2017 compared to last year. As I discussed a few minutes ago, our FERC-allowed ROE was temporarily increased for part of 2016, resulting in average allowed ROE of approximately 11.3% for the full year. Since late September of last year, our FERC-allowed ROE has been 10.82%. Our guidance reflects a FERC final order in the second MISO ROE complaint case in the second quarter of this year with an ROE consistent with the ALJ’s recommendation. Of course, the timing of this decision will depend on when new commissioners are confirmed and a quorum is created at the FERC. Moving now to Page 16 and our Illinois Electric Distribution business, we anticipate increased weather-normalized earnings in 2017 compared with 2016 reflecting additional infrastructure investments made under formula ratemaking. Further, Illinois Electric Distribution earnings incorporate a formula-based allowed ROE of 9.1% using a forecasted 3.3% 2017 average yield for the 30-year treasury bond compared to an allowed ROE of 8.4% in 2016. These positive factors are expected to be mitigated by the absence in 2017 of the benefit of warmer than normal 2016 summer temperatures as revenue decoupling becomes effective this year. I would also like to mention that we have provided the earnings sensitivity to changes in the allowed ROE for Illinois Electric Distribution on this page. Completing the discussion of our Illinois businesses, natural gas segment earnings are expected to benefit from qualified investments that are included in rates on a timely basis under the state’s gas infrastructure rider. I would also like to take a minute to discuss our 2017 electric sales outlook. We expect weather-normalized combined Illinois and Missouri kilowatt hour sales to residential and commercial customers to be roughly flat compared to last year as underlying growth is expected to be offset by the effects of our energy efficiency programs and the absence of the leap day. Turning to industrial customers, combined Illinois and Missouri kilowatt hour sales to this group are expected to be up 1% to 2% compared to last year. Moving finally to Ameren-wide drivers and assumptions, we expect an effective income tax rate of approximately 38% this year, an increase from last year’s rate of 36.7%, reflecting substantially lower expected first quarter 2017 tax benefits associated with share based compensation as compared to 2016. Of course this effective tax rate as well as other elements of our 2017 guidance, assumes no change in federal income tax policy during the year. I will add to the color Warner provided on potential tax legislation in a moment. Turning to Page 17, for 2017 we anticipate negative free cash flow of approximately $700 million. On the right side of this page, we provide a breakdown of our $2.2 billion of planned 2017 capital expenditures by a business with nearly two-thirds allocated to jurisdictions with modern constructive regulatory frameworks. We expect to fund this year’s negative free cash flow and debt maturities with short-term and long-term borrowings. Moving to Page 18 of the presentation, here we provide an overview of our $10.8 billion of planned capital expenditures for the 2017 through 2021 period. The expected funding sources including substantial income tax deferrals and tax assets for these infrastructure investments are listed on this page. The tax deferrals are driven primarily by our planned capital expenditures including bonus tax depreciation provided in current law. The tax assets include $440 million with the parent company that are not currently earning a return. Given our expected funding sources, we do not expect to issue additional equity over this period. We remain committed to funding our capital expenditures in a manner that maintains solid credit metrics and this is reflected in our capitalization target of around 50% equity. Moving now to Page 19, earlier, Warner discussed our support for thoughtful Federal tax reform and some of the key areas of focus for Ameren and the utility industry as a whole. He also mentioned that we believe the debate on tax reform elements is in the early stages and we are far from knowing final tax reform attributes and consequently, the true financial consequences. That said, we know that many of you are attempting to model the potential impacts of known reform considerations. Here, we attempted to provide some key Ameren considerations relative to the pillars of widely discussed tax reform proposals. Overall, I would say we are well positioned to sustain our earnings per share growth rate expectations through 2020. Today, our operations are fully rate regulated and we have relatively little parent company debt after considering that which supports our transmission segment. Further, we have strong balance sheet, credit metrics relative to our current credit ratings and we have a solid infrastructure investment pipeline filled with projects that would benefit customers. We do expect that lowering the Federal corporate tax rate would cause us to revalue our Ameren parent tax asset balances as well as certain deferred tax balances of our rate regulated subsidiaries, causing a one-time non-cash charge to earnings to be recognized upon such a tax rate reduction becoming law. However, a lower corporate tax rate favorably impacts customer rates and our tax obligations prospectively. And while near-term negative cash flow impacts may occur relative to forecasted levels between the time when tax rates are reflected in rates and corporate tax obligations are reduced as well as due to the expected gradual flow back of excess deferred taxes, we expect that cash flow reductions would be mitigated by increased earnings on additional rate base, emanating from comparatively higher NOL balances and lower deferred tax obligations reflected in rate base. Overall, we currently forecast those net cash flow reductions to be manageable in the context of our overall capitalization and long-term cash flow forecast. And to reiterate, we expect no change to our earnings per share growth outlook based on our modeling of current tax reform proposals. But then again the debate is far from over and uncertainty clearly exists. Finally, turning to Page 20, I will summarize. In 2016, we again delivered solid earnings growth and continue to successfully execute our strategy. As Warner stated, as we look ahead, we continue to expect strong earnings per share growth driven by strong rate base growth and disciplined financial management. Further, we expect this growth to compare favorably with the growth of our regulated utility peers. And Ameren shares continue to offer investors an attractive dividend. In total, we have an attractive total shareholder return story that we believe compares very favorably to peers. That compare – that concludes the prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. In the interest of time, we ask that you please limit yourselves to one question and one follow-up and re-queue for any additional questions. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Russo: Hi, good morning.
Warner Baxter: Good morning Brian.
Brian Russo: The $1 billion of incremental investment opportunities in Missouri, would that require external equity needs?
Warner Baxter: Brian, I think as we think about that extra $1 billion, obviously we are pursuing changes in the Missouri framework that would allow us to actually move forward with those to the extent that we have the opportunity to make those investments for the benefit of customers. What we will do Brian, at that point is step back and look at our overall capital plan, assess and reassess what we have got in that plan and also step back and reassess our financing. So I think it’s premature that we would need to issue any additional equity or that we would issue additional equity. We will take a step back and look at our overall capital expenditure and financing plans. Of course, we do have a very strong balance sheet today. And we have very strong credit metrics relative to our ratings. So we will assess all of those things as we move forward to the extent we have that opportunity.
Brian Russo: Okay. And at the Missouri legislature, it’s my understanding that there are three bills being proposed yet your comments and the presentation slides focus on Senate Bill 190, I am just curious to know why, is that – does 190 have a higher likelihood of success versus the other two?
Warner Baxter: Hi Brian, this is Warner. Couple of comments, yes, in December, three bills were filed. Senate Bill 190, which we spent most of our time on, but then there are two other bills Senate Bill 214 and Senate Bill 215. Senate Bill 214 really is very similar to the performance based rate-making bill that was filed last year and then Senate Bill 215 is similar to what I would say enabling language. Our focus right now and those in the industry is on Senate Bill 190. We believe when you take all the stakeholder input that we have had since last session and even in this session, it reflects many of the inputs that we have received from stakeholders and so that’s our focal point now. Those other two bills are still out there, but we are focused on Senate Bill 190.
Brian Russo: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Larry Lau with JPMorgan. Please proceed with your question.
Larry Lau: Thanks for taking my question. I just want to talk a little bit about the commission in Missouri, they did a review of the remaking framework last December I believe, are they still involved in the process or has it – has your focal point kind of shifted to the legislator at this point?
Warner Baxter: And so look, I am going to turn it over to Michael Moehn who overseas our Missouri operations. Michael, you can comment a little bit about the process the commission has gone through in the past and then sort of where we are at.
Michael Moehn: Sure, absolutely. Yes. I mean look, the workshop that occurred over the summer was a productive process. Obviously, we participated a great deal on that. We are appreciative of all the hard work that was put into it. I think there were some constructive recommendations that came out of that from the Missouri Public Service Commission. And look yes, we obviously stay close to them and are engaged with them about this legislative process and continue to get feedback from them.
Larry Lau: Thanks. And I just want to quickly jump to financing needs, I know you talked about your cash flow plan for 2017, but with tax reform, is there strong consideration for financing at the transmission level or at the holding company level, I think historically, you have always used holding company leverage for your transmission investments?
Marty Lyons: Yes, sure. Well, it’s something that’s actively under consideration. Appreciate your question about our plans to fund our capital expenditures and our maturities this year. As we noted on the slides, they have about $675 million of maturities this year in June. At Ameren Missouri, we have got a $425 million maturity. And then in November, we have got $250 million maturity at Ameren Illinois. And so as we look ahead this year few things, we expect that midyear following that maturity at Missouri, we would likely do a financing there. In late in the year in November, December after that maturity at Ameren Illinois, we would also plan to do a financing there. There, I think not only to refinance the maturity, but also some of the capital expenditures that we have had through the year in Ameren Illinois. And then of course as you mentioned, we have been financing the transmission business and the growth there really through the use of parent company debt, long-term and short-term debt. As we move through the year, financing additional infrastructure investment, our short-term debt balances would grow and so it’s likely around midyear that we would execute some sort of a long-term financing and we will provide you greater details on our thoughts there as we move through the year, but you identified say the relevant considerations whether to do that long-term financing at the parent or at the transmission entity down at ATXI. So, those are things that we are assessing. We do, like I say, expect that we will do execute on long-term financing around midyear, but those details are still being thought through and we will share more with you later in the year.
Larry Lau: Alright, thank you.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Gregg Orrill with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Gregg Orrill: Yes, thank you. Just around the fourth quarter results, were there any drivers that you could provide around that weather impacted weather or otherwise? And then just to confirm around the Missouri stipulation, was that unanimous or not?
Marty Lyons: Sure, Gregg. This is Marty. Let me start with the Q4 results. So, with regard to the Q4 results compared to the prior year, weather was a positive, in fact, it was about a $0.06 positive versus prior year, but versus our expectations which revolved around normal weather, weather was a negative about $0.01. We had sort of a warm year last year, including a warm fourth quarter. So, it was a bit of a negative compared to expectations for the quarter. Of course, we benefited from continued infrastructure investments. Obviously that was a benefit in the fourth quarter versus the prior year. We did have a lower effective tax rate in the fourth quarter versus last year. Though I will tell you that versus our expectations, it was a little higher than expected, so tax issues or items were a bit of a negative versus in our expectations coming into the fourth quarter. And then again going back compared to prior years, we had lower benefits from the energy efficiency programs in Missouri. You will recall that in 2015 as we were coming to the end of that first energy efficiency program, we had high take rates, if you will, on the incentives we are providing to customers and that translated into some benefits being recognized by the company in late 2015 that didn’t recur then in 2016. And so those were some of the big things. Then of course, don’t forget about the year-over-year impact of the New Madrid smelter load loss which was obviously a negative in 2016 versus ‘15. So again compared to prior year plus on weather, plus on investment returns, plus on the effective tax rate, minus on the energy efficiency impacts and a minus in terms of the New Madrid smelter, that’s kind of how it all shakes up compared to the prior year, but again compared to expectations, I would say a little bit lower than our expectations coming into the quarter due to some tax items and weather. So, how we shake all that up? And then I think your second question, we will turn it over to – back to Michael Moehn.
Michael Moehn: Yes, with respect to the agreement in principle, it is with all the major parties I would say at this point, the staff, the Office of Public Counsel, several industrial groups, division of energy. So, clearly the major parties in the case. Once we file the stipulation and agreement with the commission, I hope it to be unanimous at the end of that, but it’s just a bit premature to say that.
Gregg Orrill: Okay, thank you.
Warner Baxter: Thanks, Gregg.
Operator: Thank you. There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to Doug Fischer for closing remarks.
Doug Fischer: Thank you for participating in this call. Let me remind you again that a replay of the call will be available for one year on our website. If you have questions, you may call the contacts listed on our earnings release. Financial analyst inquiries should be directed to me, Doug Fischer or my associate, Andrew Kirk. Media should call Joe Mellencamp. Our contact numbers are on the release. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a nice day.

===== 2016 Q3  (2016-11-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Doug Fischer - Senior Director, IR Warner Baxter - Chairman, President & CEO Marty Lyons - EVP & CFO Michael Moehn - Ameren Missouri Chairman & President
Analysts:
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Ameren Corporation's Third Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Doug Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you. Mr. Fischer, you may begin.
Doug Fischer: Thank you and good morning. I am Doug Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today are Warner Baxter, our Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer; and Marty Lyons, our Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer, as well as other members of the Ameren management team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and the webcast will be available for one year at our website at ameren.com. Further, this call contains time sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted on our website a presentation that would be referenced by our speakers. Acronyms used in the presentation are defined in the glossary on the last page. To access this, please look in the Investors section of our website under Webcasts and Presentations and follow the appropriate link. Turning to Page 2 of the presentation, I need to inform you that comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the forward-looking statement section in the news release we issued today and the forward-looking statements and risk factor sections in our filings with the SEC. Warner will begin this call with comments on third quarter financial results, full year 2016 earnings guidance and a business update. Marty will follow with a more detailed discussion of third quarter results and an update on financial and regulatory matters including 2017 earnings considerations. We will then open the call for questions. Before Warner begins, I would like to mention that all per share amounts discussed during today's presentation, including earnings guidance are presented on a diluted basis unless otherwise noted. Now here is Warner who will start on Page 4 of the presentation.
Warner Baxter: Thanks Doggie. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today we announced third quarter 2016 earnings of $1.52 per share compared to earnings of $1.41 per share in last year's third quarter. This earnings increase reflected higher electric sales to residential loan and commercial customers driven by warmer summer temperatures. The earnings comparison also benefited from increased FERC regulated transmission and Illinois Electric Distribution infrastructure investments made under modern constructive regulatory frameworks in order to better serve our customers. These favorable items were partially offset by lower electrics sales to the new Madrid Aluminum smelter; historically Ameren Missouri's largest customer. Earlier this year operations at this smelter were suspended and it remains shutdown. Overall, our third quarter results were strong as our team continued to successfully execute our strategy. And I am pleased to report that -- for the second time this year, we have raised our 2016 earnings guidance. Our new guidance range is $2.65 to $2.75 per share, up from our prior range of $2.45 to $2.65 per share, reflecting the strong year-to-date results. Turning to Page 5, here we reiterate our strategic plan. We continue to successfully execute the strategy and remain convinced it will deliver superior of long-term value to both, our customers and shareholders. I'd like to take a few moments and highlight some of our year-to-date accomplishments towards this end. To begin, we continue to strategically allocate significant amounts of capital to those businesses whose investments are supported by regulatory frameworks that provide fair, predictable and timely cost recovery; and also deliver long-term benefits to our customers. This capital allocation is illustrated in the graphic on the right side of this page. As you can see, year-to-date we've invested almost $1 billion of capital in jurisdictions with fee supportive regulatory frameworks. This represented almost two-thirds of our year-to-date 2016 capital spending and included approximately $510 million of investment and FERC regulated transmission projects. The largest of these remains ATXI's $1.4 billion Illinois Rivers Transmission Project. For this projects nine line segments; including two river crossings have been energized and work on the other segments and the third river crossing is well underway. Further eight of the projects ten substations are now in service with the remaining two under construction. Regarding ATXI's $150 million Spoon River project in Northwestern Illinois, construction is being completed on two substations. In addition, we are acquiring the balance of need right away and have just begun clearing land on certain sections of the project with significant mine construction expected to begin in January. As for the $225 million Mark Twain project in Northeast Missouri, we recently initiated core proceedings in order to obtain a sense of road crossings from the five counties where the line is planned to be constructed. When completed these three massive multi-value projects will deliver significant customer and community benefits such as improved reliability and access to cleaner energy, including wind power from the western and northern parts of the MISO region including northeast Missouri. In addition, these projects are creating jobs. We also continue to make significant investments in Ameren, Illinois's Transmission System that will result in a smarter and more reliable energy grid. Turning to Page 6 of our presentation; let me update you on the execution of our strategic plan in Ameren, Illinois. We invested approximately $480 million in Illinois Electric and natural gas distribution infrastructure projects during the first nine months. These include investments made under the Company's modernization action plan, which was enabled by Illinois' Energy Infrastructure Modernization Act. In September the ICC approved Ameren, Illinois request to expand the installation of smart electric meters from 62% to 100% of customers. This approval is a testament to the smart meter benefits achieved so far and takes advantage of the infrastructure; processes and teams already in place to efficiently and effectively deploy additional new meters. ICC approval of this request also supports increasing the installation of smart gas meter modules from 56% to 100% of customers. The approximately $150 million incremental investment to expand deployment of electric and gas smart meters to all of our Illinois customers was included in the multi-year capital spending we shared with you earlier this year. As you can see on the right side of this page, Ameren, Illinois plans to install approximately 1.25 advanced electric meters and upgrade approximately 830,000 gas meter modules by the end of 2019. Through September of this year, approximately 352,000 electric and 178,000 gas meters have been installed. Since we began to deploy advanced metering technology, Ameren, Illinois has reduced estimated meter reads by over 440,000 and eliminating the need for nearly 100,000 service visits. Lastly, this year Ameren, Illinois launched a peak time rewards program allowing customers with new smart meters to manage usage during peak summer days. More than 8,000 participated saving an estimated 47,000 kilowatt hours. Clearly, the smart grid investments are saving Ameren, Illinois customers money by allowing them to better manage power usage while they experience fewer and short of power outages. In fact, the frequency and duration of Ameren, Illinois power outages have been reduced by averages of 17% and 18% respectively from the baseline set by the State's Energy Infrastructure Modernization Act. As a result, Ameren, Illinois electric distribution initiatives remain on-track to meet or exceed investment, liability, and smart meter goals established in this act. In addition, Ameren, Illinois enhanced framework for natural gas distribution is driving greater levels of investment in energy infrastructure. These natural gas distribution infrastructure projects are also improving the safety and reliability of that system. It is clear that modernize industry policies in Illinois are driving significant incremental investments in its electric in natural gas energy infrastructure; together these investments are not only delivering meaningful long-term benefits to our customers at affordable rates but they have also created a significant number of new jobs in the State of Illinois. Turning the Page 7 of our presentation; let me provide a business update on Missouri. In July Ameren, Missouri filed a request with the Missouri Public Service Commission for a $206 million increase in annual electric service revenue to begin to recover and earn a return on energy infrastructure investments that are not included in rates and to reflect reduced sales due to the suspension of operations at the new Madrid smelter among other things. Marty will discuss our filling in more detail in a moment. We expect the Missouri PSE to issue a decision in this rate review in late April with new rates expected to be effective in late May of next year. Shifting now to efforts to enhance Missouri's regulatory framework. Two separate efforts were initiated by the State to evaluate the need for regulatory reform to support investment in Missouri's energy infrastructure. One by the Missouri PSE and the other by interim committee. We appreciate the time and effort being undertaken to study this important issue. I will start by providing an update on the Missouri PSE effort. To begin, over the last several months, the Missouri PSE requested and received extensive comments from stakeholders in how the workshop to assist in their consideration of policies to improve the way it regulates electric utilities. In this workshop and later in filings with the PSE, Ameren, Missouri highlighted the issues associated with Missouri's ageing energy infrastructure, as well as the fact that the existing regulatory framework does not adequately support investment. Our filings also cited several approaches that are being successfully utilized around the country to address the issues that Missouri now faces; including performance-based formulated grade making, and forward test years, as well as trackers and writers. Importantly, we highlighted the significant long-term customer and state-wide benefits that would be realized by changes in energy policies that would support incremental energy infrastructure investment. Consistent with the benefits we have seen in Illinois and in other jurisdictions around the country, modernize policies to support energy infrastructure investments would create a more reliable and smarter grid, facilitate the transition to a cleaner and more diverse energy portfolio, as well as create significant jobs. In addition, we believe these investments will position Missouri to keep pace with the evolving electric grid and meet its customers rising energy needs and expectations. We believe the electric system will continue to evolve to a more integrated, our central and distributed generation, transmission and distribution systems, as well as customers and businesses with the smart meters plans and equipment; all work together to continuously, instantaneously and reliably maintain the balance between resources and demand. Benefits from such a system must be enabled by investments to support a more sophisticated and resilient transmission and distribution infrastructure. These investments must also be enabled by modernized energy policy. With these benefits in mind in late September, Ameren, Missouri filed with the Missouri PSE a detailed plan for potential incremental infrastructure investments of $1 billion over a five-year period ended in 2022 with additional projects of more than $1 billion that could be accelerated over this period should they be deemed appropriate when taken into consideration customer rate impact. Further, we indicated that a total of more than $4 billion potential incremental infrastructure investments for over 10-year period has been identified. In that same filing, we outlined several energy policy alternatives that will enable these important investments which would drive significant long-term benefits for our customers and the State of Missouri. On October 17, the Missouri PSE staff issued this report regarding proposed improvements to the state's electric utility regulation. Staff indicated it was not opposed to several approaches for supporting targeted investments which would continue to include strong PSE oversight [ph]. These approaches include certain trackers and writers, service accounting, interim rate, largely forecasted test years and an electric infrastructure system replacement surcharge. We appreciate this task consideration of several tools used in other states to support investment for the benefit of customers and the state. This report is an important step and we look forward to continue discussion with all stakeholders. Turning to this Interim Committee efforts; in August and October the Committee held hearings which provided a form for Missouri stakeholders and outside experts to provide their perspectives and the state's current utility regulation and how it might be modernized to support increased investment. Those hearings have been very informative and they provided another opportunity to discuss this important energy policy issue with key stakeholders, outside of the very busy legislative session. As we continue to engage with stakeholders; I am more convinced than ever that improvements in Missouri's regulatory framework were in the best long-term interest of our customers and the entire State of Missouri. We expect reports of the Missouri PSE and the Senate Interim Committee to be issued no later than December 1 and December 31, respectively. In the meantime, we are also taking other steps to better position Missouri for the future. In particular we have proposed several pilot programs in Missouri PSE. A pilot program offering customers subscription based solar power has been approved by the Missouri PSE for proposed pilot programs of building solar facilities and partnership of large customers, and for building electric vehicle charging stations along our corridor in the state are pending before the commission. I will now move to Page 8 and our long-term rate-based growth outlook. In February of this year we outlined our plan to grow rate base at a solid 6.5% compound annual rate over the 2015 through 2020. Our execution of this plan remains on-track. As the graphics on this page illustrate and in line with our strategic plan, this growth is being driven by the allocation of significant amounts of capital or regulated electric transmission and Illinois Electric and natural gas distribution services as these jurisdictions provide a constructive regulatory frameworks and the investments provided significant long-term benefits to our customer. Turning now to Page 9, here you can see that our strategic and disciplined allocation of capital is also being driven by our view that the grid needs to be modernized to meet our customer's future energy needs and expectations. As you can see on the right side of this page, the allocation of capital to transmission and electric and gas distribution is expected to grow these businesses to nearly three quarters of our rate base by year end 2020. Further we are focused on transitioning our generation to a cleaner and more diverse portfolio in a responsible fashion. Consequently, our investment in coal and gas power generation is expected to decline to 15% of rate base by year-end 2020. This transition will continue beyond 2020 with the retirement of our Meramec coal-fired energy centers in 2022. In addition, Ameren, Missouri is developing its next integrated resource plan which will be filed with the Missouri PSE in October 2017. In this plan we will continue to appropriately balance our responsibilities to our customers and communities, the environment, and of course, our shareholders. Turning now to Page 10; in addition to the progress we are making in executing our plans for the current five-year period, as just mentioned, we are focused on creating and capitalizing on additional opportunities beyond 2020. With the support of constructive Illinois rate-making, we expect to continue making significant investments to enhance the reliability and safety of our electric and gas distribution systems in the state. This includes investments to upgrade and replace gas transmission pipeline, underground storage facilities, and distribution infrastructure to comply with the expected new federal safety regulations. Further, we expect to continue to invest in local electric transmission projects which maintain and enhance reliability, including projects to meet noted [ph] requirements, replace ageing infrastructure and modernize the grid. We also plan to pursue potential local and regional transmission opportunities to upgrade the grid to maintain system voltages and reliability is generating plants to close in response to power market economics in the clean power plant. Finally, our transmission development team continues to pursue regional electric transmission projects focusing on the MISO, PGM and Southwest Power [ph]. For Missouri we have numerous opportunities for additional investment. We will continue to provide safe and adequate service which includes replacing ageing transmission and distribution infrastructure when needed. We will also make investments needed to comply with the clean power plant. And as discussed earlier, there are also numerous opportunities for incremental investments in Missouri should the regulatory framework improve. These opportunities include investments in smart meters, replacement of ageing substations and other equipment, modernizing the underground grid in transmission, as well as adding renewables. To cross our entire system will also make important investments in information technology and cyber security. The bottom-line is that we believe the investment opportunities that I just described across all of our companies have the potential to provide significant benefits to our customers and shareholders in the decade ahead. Turning now to Page 11, let me conclude my comments by reiterating that we are successfully executing our strategy in delivering strong earnings results. Looking forward we have a superior long term earnings growth outlook driven by above peer average rate base growth that is focused on investment in jurisdictions with a constructive rate making and in areas that provide long term value to our customers. I am pleased to note that last month our board of directors increased their quarterly dividend 3.5% to $0.44 per share reflecting confidence in our outlook for our businesses in our long term strategy. This increase resulted in an annualized equivalent rate of $1.76 per share. We continue to expect our dividend payout ratio to range between 55% and 70% to be in annual earnings. Of course future dividend increases will be based on consideration of among other things earnings growth, cash flows and other business conditions. A strong earnings growth profile combined with our solid dividend currently yielding approximately 3.6% results in a total return opportunity for our shareholders.  To summarize we are committed to executing our strategy and I remain firmly convinced that doing so will deliver superior value to our shareholders customers and the communities we serve. Again, thank you all for joining us today. Now I will turn the call over to Marty.
Marty Lyons: Thanks, Warner. Good morning everyone and turning now to page 13 of our presentation. As Warner mentioned we reported third quarter 2016 earnings of $1.52 per share compared with earnings of $1.41 per share for last year's third quarter. Here we highlight factors that drove the $0.11 cents per share year over year increase. Warmer temperatures increased earnings by an estimated $0.11 per share versus 2015 and $0.10 per share versus normal conditions as we experienced the fourth hottest third quarter including the hottest September since 1970. Increased investments in electric transmission and distribution infrastructure in our ATXI and Ameren Illinois businesses lifted earnings by $0.09 per share including changes and allowed returns on equity compared to the year ago period.  With regard to returns on equity third quarter 2016 results from our first regulated transmission businesses benefited from a temporarily higher ROE as compared to the prior period reflecting the expiration in May of the fifteen month refund period for the second MISO ROE complaint kit. The first order in the first complaint case then lowered the ROE in late September, the 10.82% including our 50 basis point adder. Turning to our Illinois electric distribution business third quarter results reflected a ROE under formulaic rate making of 8.29% compared to 8.7% for the year ago period. The third quarter 2016 allowed ROE was based on an assumed average 30 year Treasury rate of 2.49% for the full year 2016.  Factors that had an unfavorable effect on third quarter earnings comparisons included the loss of sales to the new Madrid smelter and increased Ameren Missouri depreciation expense which reduced earnings by $0.05 per share and $0.02 per share respectively. And finally the year over year third quarter impacts of Ameren Missouri's 2015 energy efficiency plan, for earnings neutral as the carry over effect of lower sales resulting from this plan that by recognition of $19 million or $0.05 per share for a portion of our performance incentive award associated with energy efficiency result achieved over the 2013 through 2015 period.  In total based on the elation and agreement approved by the Missouri P.S.T. earlier this week, Cameron Missouri will recognize $28 million or $0.07 per share of total incentive award in 2016 including the previously mentioned $0.05 per share in the third quarter and an additional $0.02 per share in the fourth quarter. We're pleased that we're able to reach agreement with the P.S.T. staff and the Office of Public Counsel on these incentive awards and believe this outcome reflects the tremendous success of the 2013 or 2015 via a program for our customers. Before moving on Let me briefly cover electric sales trends year-to-date compared to the prior year. Overall we experienced trends similar to those discussed on our last two quarterly calls. Although we did see some improvement in the third quarter. Weather normalized kilowatt hour's sales to Illinois and Missouri residential and commercial customers on a combined basis were up slightly year-to-date. As underlying growth and the Leap Day sales benefit more than offset energy efficiency impact. Kilowatt hour's sales to Illinois industrial customers decreased approximately 2% year-to-date primarily reflecting lower sales to several low margin Illinois customers including those in steel making, heavy equipment manufacturing, mining and energy.  However we have seen improvement in the second and third quarters as industrial scale global appear to have bottomed out in the fourth quarter of 2015 and the first quarter of 2016. Finally kilowatt hour sales to Missouri industrial customers were down approximately one half of one percent excluding lower sales to the number in Iran to smelter. Turning to page 14 of our presentation, I would like to move from this discussion of sales to a discussion of our earnings guidance for the year. As Warner stated we now expect 2016 diluted earnings to be in a range of $2.65 to $2.75 per share, an increase from our prior range of $2.45 to $2.65 per share and our original February guidance of $2.40 to $2.60 per share.  The increased guidance from February reflects strong year-to-date results including the first quarter $0.09 per share tax benefit associated with share based compensation and estimated $0.11 per share whether benefit compared to normal driven by warmer summer temperatures as well as disciplined cost management. Factors that are expected to have a favorable effect on year-over-year fourth quarter results included an assumed return to normal temperatures compared to much milder than normal temperatures in last year's fourth quarter, continued increased electric transmission and distribution infrastructure investment by ATXI and Ameren Illinois, as well as higher Illinois natural gas distribution rate in 2016.  Factors that are expected to have an unfavorable effect on the earnings comparison include carry over impacts of Missouri's 2015 energy efficiency plan with the recognition of the majority of Ameren Missouri's 2015 energy efficiency performance incentive award in the third quarter, we revised the expected unfavorable year-over-year fourth quarter impact of the 2015 plan to $0.08 per share from our prior estimate of $0.03 per share. Further we expected the year-over-year fourth quarter earnings comparison to be unfavorably affected by lower sales to the new Madrid smelter and regulatory lag related to increase to Missouri depreciation and transmission expenses. Moving to page fifteen. Here we highlight the select ending regulatory matters. Starting with Missouri and our pending electric rate review we requested a $206 million annual revenue increase that is primarily driven by our need to recover and earn a return on important new infrastructure investments made for the benefit of our customers, adjust rates to reflect reduced customer sales largely driven by this suspension of operations at the new Madrid smelter and recover increase MYSO transmission charges. To address the last item we have also requested the implementation of a new MYSO transmission trackers in the rate review.  We expect the Missouri P.S.T. to complete their review by late April of next year with new rates expected to be effective in late May. Moving on Ameren Illinois made its required annual elector distribution rate update filing with the ICC in April of this year under Illinois formula rate making framework. Our filing calls for a $14 million decrease in the net annual electric revenue requirement consisting of an increase reflecting 2015 actual costs and expected 2016 infrastructure investment that is more than offset by a decrease reflecting the completion of the recovery of 2014 actual costs by the end of this year. Last week and ALJ proposed order recommended a $14 million net revenue requirement decrease in line with our filing. This recommendation is further evidence of the consistent constructive treatment, Ameren Illinoi is receiving under the state electric formula rate making framework, and I see the decision is expected in December of this year, with new rates effective early next year.  Finally, in the first of the two complaint cases the thoughts to reduce the base allowed ROE from MISO transmission owners, including Ameren Illinois and ATXI, the FERC issued its order in September, adopting 10.32% base ROE in line with the ALJ's recommendation. In the second case, the first ALJ has recommended a 9.7% base ROE and first orders expected in the second quarter of next year. As a result of these cases, we have accrued a reserve for estimated refund of $61 million as of September 30, 2016. That is consistent with the FERC order in the first case and the ALJ's recommendation in the second case.  In addition to the MISO base ROE, Ameren Illinois and ATXI receive a further approved ROE at or of up to 50 basis point affective in January 2015, for their participation in MISO. Moving now to Page 16. We plan to provide 2017 earnings guidance when we release the fourth quarter results in February of next year. However, using our 2016 year-to-date financial results and guidance as a reference point, we have listed on this page select items to consider if you think about our earnings outlook for next year. Beginning with the first item listed, earnings from our FERC regulated electric transmission activities are expected to benefit from additional investments in Ameren Illinois and ATXI projects made under formula forward looking rate making.  However, we expect these earnings to be unfavorably impacted by a projected lower weighted average allowed ROE in 2017 compared to 2016. For Ameren Illinois selected distribution service, we anticipate increased earnings in 2017 compared with 2016 reflecting additional infrastructure investments made there under Illinois formula rate making. The allowed ROE will be of course, the average of 2017 30 year Treasury yield plus 5.7%. In addition every Illinois gas distribution earnings are expected to benefit from qualified investments, that are included in a rate on a timely basis, under the state gas infrastructure writer. For Missouri, the 2017 earnings comparison, is expected to be favorably affected by increased Missouri electric service rate to be implemented as a result of our pending rate review. These rates are expected to reflect recovery of and a return on new infrastructure investment, as well as more recent sales and cost levels. The incorporation of more recent sales level, is expected to remove the negative earnings effect from lower sales to the demanded smelter [ph] adding an estimated $0.12 per share to the year-over-year earnings comparison as we now expect an estimated $0.03 per share a negative impact from this dispensing of operations in the first five months 2017.  We expect Ameren Missouri's 2017 result, to also reflect regulatory lag associated with increased depreciation, transmission and property tax expenses, particularly in the first five months of the year before new rates become effective. Further, Ameren Missouri's electric service earnings will be negatively affected by the absence in 2017. Of the $0.07 per share energy efficiency performance incentive award, to be recognized in 2016 which I previously discussed. And a return to normal weather in 2017, would reduce combined Ameren Illinois and Ameren in Missouri earnings by approximately $0.11 per share compared to 2016. Assuming of course normal weather in the last quarter of this year.  Finally, we expect expenses associated with the Callaway nuclear refueling and maintenance outage, scheduled for the fall of 2017 to be comparable to those experienced in the spring outage this year. Moving then to pair another, we expect lower tax benefit associated with share based compensation next year compared to this year.  Turning to Page 17 I will summarize. We continue to successfully execute strategy and have delivered strong third quarter and year-to-date results. These results allowed us to increase our 2016 earnings guidance range to $2.65 to $2.75 per share. On a February call, we stated that we expected earnings per share to grow at a strong 5% to 8% compound annual rate from 2016 to 2020 using our then adjusted 2016 EPS guidance of $2.53 as a base. This earnings growth outlook was driven by 6.5% compound annual rate base growth, over the 2015 to 2020 period, based on a mix of needed transmission, distribution and generation investments across multiple regulatory jurisdictions, made for the benefit of customers. Our recently increased dividend provides investors with a yield of approximately 3.6%, which is above average compared to fully rate regulated utility peers. When you combine our strong earnings growth outlook with this dividend, we believe our common stock provides a very attractive total Return potential for investors. That concludes our prepared remarks we now invite your questions. 
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Greg [ph] with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Yes, hi, thank you. I was wondering if the sale of the Noranda's smelter will have -- how that would impact your case and ongoing operations and recovery. 
Warner Baxter: Hi, Greg this is Warner. Glad to have you join us, so in terms of the scale of the Noranda's smelter, frankly not sure if that has really any impact on the case. That sale has been completed, not sure exactly what the future is of the smelter at this stage, but we don't see it having any particular impact on the case, Michael Moehn, our President, Ameren; any further comment on that?
Michael Moehn: I think that's right. Warner I mean we are in the process of sitting down with the new owners trying to really understand what those plans are, my sense is that it's all it's a long recovery and as Warner said I don't think there's an impact on this case.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back to management for closing comments.
Michael Moehn : Yes, we appreciate the comment question, Gregg; and I know a number of you are probably holding your questions for next week, we as a management team look forward to seeing many of you down at EEI at the Financial Conference, and look forward to having further dialogue and answering your questions. With that, I will turn it over to Doug to wrap up the call.
Doug Fischer: Thank you for participating in this call. We remind you again that a replay of the call will be available for one year on our website. If you have questions, you may call the contacts listed on our earnings release. Financial analyst increase should be directed to me, Doug Fisher, or associate Andrew Kirk. Media should call Joe Mellencamp, our contact numbers are on the release. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2016 Q2  (2016-08-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Doug Fischer - Senior Director, IR Warner Baxter - Chairman, President & CEO Marty Lyons - EVP & CFO Maureen Borkowski - President, Transmission Operations Michael Moehn - Ameren Missouri Chairman & President Richard Mark - Chairman & President
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Ameren Corporation's Second Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Doug Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you. Mr. Fischer, you may begin.
Doug Fischer: Thank you and good morning. I am Doug Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today are Warner Baxter, our Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer and Marty Lyons, our Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer, as well as other members of the Ameren management team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and a webcast will be available for one year on our Web site at ameren.com. Further, this call contains time sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today’s live broadcast and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted on our Web site a presentation that would be referenced by our speakers. Acronyms used in the presentation are defined in the glossary on the last page. To access the presentation, please look in the Investors section of our Web site under Webcasts and presentations and follow the appropriate link. Turning to Page 2 of the presentation, I need to inform you that comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the forward-looking statement section in the news release we issued today and the forward-looking statements and risk factor sections in our filings with the SEC. Warner will begin this call with comments on second quarter financial results, full year 2016 earnings guidance and a business update. Marty will follow with a more detailed discussion of second quarter results and an update on financial and regulatory matters. We will then open the call for questions. Before Warner begins I would like to mention that all per share earnings amounts discussed during today’s call including earnings guidance are presented on a diluted basis unless otherwise noted. Now here is Warner who will start on Page 4 of the presentation.
Warner Baxter: Thanks Doggie. Good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today we announced second quarter 2016 core earnings of $0.61 per share compared to core earnings of $0.58 per share in last year’s second quarter. This earnings increase reflected higher retail electric sales volumes, excluding sales to Noranda Aluminum driven by warmer early summer temperatures. The earnings comparison also benefited from increased FERC regulated transmission and Illinois Electric Distribution infrastructure investments made under modern constructive regulatory frameworks to better serve our customers. These favorable items were partially offset by expenses for the 2016 scheduled Callaway nuclear refueling and maintenance outage as well as lower electric sales to Noranda Aluminum historically Ameren Missouri's largest customer. Earlier this year Noranda idled production at its smelter and the plant remains shutdown. Overall our second quarter results were solid as our team continued to successfully execute our strategy. And I am pleased to report that we have raised our 2016 guidance to a range of $2.45 to $2.65 per share, up from our prior range of $2.40 to $2.60 per share, reflecting year-to-date results. Turning to Page 5, here we reiterate our strategic plan. We remain focused on executing the strategy and continue to strongly believe it will deliver superior long-term value to both our customers and shareholders. I would like to take a moment and highlight some of our year-to-date efforts and accomplishments towards this end. To begin our accomplishments include continued strategic allocation of significant amounts of capital to those businesses whose investments are supported by regulatory frameworks to provide fair, predictable and timely cost recovery and also deliver long-term benefits to our customers. This capital allocation is illustrated in the graphic on the right side of this slide. As you can see, year-to-date, we invested almost $650 million of capital in jurisdictions with these supportive regulatory frameworks. This represented almost two-thirds of our year-to-date 2016 investments and included approximately $330 million of capital spent on FERC regulated transmission projects. The largest of these is ATXI’s $1.4 billion Illinois Rivers transmission project. Construction of the first of this project’s nine line segments is complete with construction of three other segments and two of three river crossing is well underway. Further two of the project’s 10 substations are already in service with remaining eight under construction. For ATXI's Spoon River project in Northwestern Illinois, we are acquiring the balance of the write away and we plan to begin line construction later this year. As for the Mark Twain project we are in the process of obtaining a sense from the five counties this transmission line will cross and have begun right of way acquisition. All three of these transmission projects, Illinois Rivers, Spoon River and Mark Twain are MISO approved multi value projects. When completed they will deliver significant customer benefits such as improved reliability and access to cleaner energy, including wind power from the western and northern parts of the MISO region. We also continue to make significant investments in Ameren Illinois transmission that will result in a smarter and more reliable energy grid. Turning to Page 6 of our presentation, let me update you on the execution of our strategic plan at Ameren Illinois. We invested approximately $320 million in Illinois Electric and natural gas distribution infrastructure projects during the first six months. These include investments made under the Company's modernization action plan, which was enabled by Illinois' Energy Infrastructure Modernization Act. This work remains on-track to meet or exceed its investments, reliability and smart meter goals. Ameren Illinois customers are experiencing fewer and shorter power outages due to our smart grid investments. In addition natural gas distribution infrastructure projects are improving the safety and reliability of our gas distribution system. Turning now to Missouri, first on May 10th, we safely completed the 21st nuclear refueling and maintenance outage for our Callaway Energy Center ahead of schedule. In addition, Ameren Missouri continues to aggressively manage those costs that are under its control. Our success in this area has helped maintain electric rates that are the lowest of any investor owned utility in Missouri and are well below the Midwest and national averages. While we're taking actions to keep our electric rates among the lowest in the country, we also need to take action to begin recovery of energy infrastructure investments that are not included in rates. As a result in early July Ameren Missouri filed a request with the Missouri Public Service Commission or PSC for a $206 million increase in annual electric service revenue. This request included recovery of and a return on the new infrastructure investments I just mentioned including those from nuclear safety, environmental controls, transmission line improvements and reliability. In addition, the filing includes recovery of fixed cost related to the loss of sales to Noranda as well as increased MISO transmission charges. We expect the Missouri PSC to issue a decision in this proceeding in late April of next year. Marty will discuss this rate filing further in a moment. Shifting now to efforts to enhance Missouri's regulatory framework. As you know comprehensive performance based ratemaking legislation was not enacted by the Missouri General Assembly before its session ended in mid-May, as a result of a filibuster by a small group of state senators. Since then two separate efforts have been initiated by the state to address the need for regulatory reform to support investments in Missouri Energy Infrastructure. One of these efforts is an undertaking of the Missouri PSC and the other is the work of a Senate Interim Committee. Stated purpose of the Missouri PSC's effort is to consider policies to improve the way in which the commission regulates Missouri’s investor owned electric utilities. And the stated objective of the Senate Interim Committee is to evaluate ways utility regulatory process in Missouri might be modernized in order to ensure sustained investment in utility infrastructure while at the same time promoting interest of fairness among all constituencies including customers and shareholders. We're pleased and we're certainly appreciate that the Missouri PSC and the senate interim committee are taking the time and effort to study this important issue. I am convinced that improvements to Missouri's regulatory framework are in the best long-term interests of our customers and the entire state of Missouri as we seek to implement a smarter grid, transition to a cleaner and more diverse energy portfolio as well as create jobs. We've filed comments with the Missouri PSC and we will be actively engaged in both proceedings this summer and fall. In addition we continue to engage with other key stakeholders involved in the process to explore constructive paths forward to support investment in Missouri's aging infrastructure. As I wrap up my business update I want to take a moment to express my appreciation to all of our co-workers who have maintained their relentless focus on executing our strategy which is enabling us to deliver safe, reliable and affordable service to our customers and the communities we serve. Our actions have included working under challenging and hot operating conditions in the field and in our energy centers, responding to our customers' needs in a timely manner when faced with periodic summer storms, using innovation to meet our customers' rising expectations as well as making our operations even more efficient and most importantly doing all of these things with safety being at the top of their mind. Of course we're not done, looking ahead we will be relentless in our efforts to improve our operating and financial performance including maintaining our strong focus on safety as well as exercising disciplined cost management and strategic capital allocation, and we will continue to focus on meeting and exceeding our customers' energy needs and expectations, and ultimately delivering superior long-term value to you, our shareholders. Speaking of delivering and superior value to our shareholders I will now move to Page 7 and our long-term total return outlook. In February we outlined our plan to grow rate base in an approximate 6.5% compound annual rate over the 2015 to 2020 period driven by a strong pipeline of investments to benefit customers and shareholders. Our above peer average rate base growth plan reflects strategic allocation of capital to those jurisdictions that operate under constructive and modern regulatory frameworks, now rate base growth is foundational to our strong earnings per share growth expectations. We stated in February that we expected earnings per share to grow at a 5 to 8% compound annual rate from 2016 to 2020 excluding the estimated temporary negative effect on 2016 earnings of lower sales to Noranda. We also remain focused on delivering a solid dividend, because we recognize its importance to our shareholders. Today our dividend yield remains above the average of our regulated utility peers. Of course future dividend increases will be based on consideration of among other things earnings growth, cash flows and economic and other business conditions. Our strong earnings growth profile combined with our solid dividend results in superior total return opportunity for our shareholders. To summarize we continue to successfully execute our strategy and I remain firmly convinced that doing so would deliver superior value to our shareholders, customers and the communities we serve. Again, thank you all for joining us today, and now I'll turn the call over to Marty. Marty?
Marty Lyons: Thank you, Warner and good morning everyone. Turning now to Page 9 of our presentation, today we reported second quarter 2016 GAAP earnings of $0.61 per share which matched last year's second quarter GAAP earnings. As you can see on this page, there was no difference between GAAP and core results for this year’s second quarter. Moving then to Page 10, here we highlight factors that drove the $0.03 per share increase in second quarter 2016 results compared to prior year core results. In 2016 we experienced higher retail electric sales volumes excluding sales to Noranda driven by warmer early summer temperatures. These temperatures increased earnings by an estimated $0.07 per share versus 2015 and $0.06 per share versus normal conditions. Moving to the next key driver of the second quarter earnings variance, increased investments in electric transmission and distribution infrastructure in our ATXI and Ameren Illinois businesses lifted earnings by $0.06 per share compared to the year ago period and net of changes in returns on equity. Our Illinois electric distribution business results incorporated an 8.45% allowed ROE under formulaic rate making compared to 8.75% for the year ago period, based on an assumed average of 30 year treasury rate of 2.65% for the full year. Moving to the next two items on the page, earnings for the second quarter also benefited from higher Illinois natural gas distribution service rate effective this year as well as a decline in other operations and maintenance expenses not subject to writers, regulatory trackers or formulaic rate each adding $0.02 per share compared to the prior year period. Shifting now to factors that had an unfavorable effect on the second quarter earnings comparison, the scheduled 2016 Callaway nuclear refueling and maintenance outage reduced second quarter 2016 earnings by $0.07 per share compared to 2015 when there was no refueling outage. The next Callaway refueling that scheduled for the fall of next year. The previously mentioned idling of Noranda smelter pot lines reduced earnings by $0.05 per share. And finally the quarter-over-quarter impacts of Ameren Missouri’s 2015 energy efficiency plan negative affected the earnings comparison by $0.04 per share. Before moving on, let me briefly cover electric sales trends year-to-date. Overall, we experienced sales trends similar to those discussed on our first quarter call. Weather normalized kilowatt hour sales to Illinois and Missouri residential and commercial customers on a combined basis were essentially flat as the 2016 leap day sales benefit was offset by energy efficiency impacts. Kilowatt hour sales to Illinois industrial customers decreased approximately 5% primarily reflecting lower sales to several large low margin Illinois customers, including those in steel making, heavy equipment manufacturing, mining and energy. Excluding lower sales to Noranda kilowatt hour sales to Missouri industrial customers were down one half of 1%. Turning to Page 11 of our presentation, now I would like to move from this discussion of sales to our guidance for the full year. As Warner stated we now expect 2016 diluted earnings to be in a range of $2.45 to $2.65 per share, an increase from our prior range of $2.40 to $2.60 per share. This increased guidance reflects solid year-to-date results including a first quarter tax gain associated with the new accounting rule and an estimated $0.01 per share first half weather benefit compared to normal as warmer than normal second quarter temperatures more than offset milder than normal first quarter temperatures. Regarding Noranda, we continue to expect the unfavorable impact of lower electric sales to be approximately $0.15 per share in 2016. This estimate is net of expected revenues from off system sales that Ameren Missouri is making as a result of reduced sales to Noranda and that are retained under a provision of our fuel adjustment clause, we continue to expect Noranda's smelter to remain idle for the rest of this year and that this will reduce earnings by approximately $0.05 per share in the third quarter and approximately $0.02 per share in the fourth quarter compared to the prior year periods. I will not go through the other earnings considerations listed on this page because they are largely self-explanatory and we discussed them on our February earnings call. Overall, our goal remains to earn at or close to our allowed ROEs in all of our jurisdictions. Of course we're falling short of this goal in Missouri in 2016 due in large part to the Noranda's sales loses. Moving to Page 12, here we begin to outline in more detail our recently filed Missouri electric rate case which Warner mentioned earlier. Earlier this week parties to this proceeding jointly proposed a schedule to the Missouri Public Service Commission and key dates of the proposed schedule are listed on this page. We expect the Public Service Commission to decide the case by late April of next year with new rates expected to be effective in late May. Further on Page 13, you can see that three quarters of $206 million request is driven by our need to recover and earn a return on important new infrastructure investments made for the benefit of our customers, adjust rates to reflect reduced customer sales largely driven by the idling of Noranda's smelter and recover increased MISO transmission charges. To address the regulatory leg associated with these increasing transmission expenses we've requested the implementation of a new MISO transmission tracker. In addition the rate filing includes $8 million for amortized recovery of an estimated $81 million of fixed cost not recovered as a result of lower sales to Noranda. I would also like to update you on select regulatory matters pending at the Illinois Commerce Commission and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. Turning to Page 14, in April Ameren Illinois made its required annual electric distribution rate update filing with the ICC. Under formula rate making Ameren Illinois makes such filings to systematically adjust cash flows overtime for changes in cost of service and to true up any period over or under recovery of such costs. Our filing calls for a $14 million decrease in the net annual electric revenue requirement consisting of an increase reflecting 2015 actual cost and expected 2016 infrastructure investments that is more than offset by a decrease reflecting completion of the recovery of 2014 actual costs by the end of this year. Late last month Ameren Illinois and the ICC staff entered into a stipulation agreement that resolved all issues currently existing between them and supported an annual revenue requirement that is consistent with Ameren Illinois’ filing. The positions for other interveners in the case are noted on this page. And an ICC decision is expected in December of this year with new rates effective early next year. I'll remind you that each year's Illinois electric distribution earnings are a function of that year's ending rate base. The formula determined allowed ROE which is the annual average of 30 year U.S. Treasury bond yields for that year plus 580 basis points and the ICC authorized equity ratio and are not directly determined by that year's rate update filing. Turning to Page 15 here we outline the previously mentioned complaint cases pending at the FERC that seek to reduce the base allowed ROE from MISO transmission owners including Ameren Illinois and ATXI. In the first case last December, a FERC administrative law judge issued a proposed order recommending a 10.32% base allowed ROE and the FERC is expected to issue a final order in the fourth quarter of this year. In the second case in late June the FERC administrative law judge issued a proposed order recommending a 9.7% base allowed ROE with the final FERC decision expected in the second quarter of next year. As a result of these pending cases and consistent with the ALJ ruling in each case, we have accrued to reserve for potential refunds of $58 million as of June 30, 2016. Finally turning to Page 16 I will summarize. Year-to-date in 2016 we continue to successfully execute our strategy and we have delivered solid second quarter and year-to-date results. Our solid year-to-date results allowed us to increase our full year earnings guidance range for 2016. Further, on our February call we stated that we expected earnings per share to grow at a strong 5% to 8% compound annual rate from 2016 through 2020 excluding the estimated temporary net effect of lower sales to Noranda this year. We said this earnings growth was driven by approximately 6.5% compound annual rate base growth over the 2015 through 2020 period, based on a mix of needed transmission, distribution and generation investments across multiple regulatory jurisdictions being made for the benefit of customers. When you combine our strong earnings growth with Ameren's dividend which provides investors with a yield of approximately 3.3% and which is above average compared to fully regulated utility peers, we believe our common stock provides very attractive total return potential for investors. That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please state your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So just first detailed question and a bigger picture question, on energy efficiency, obviously you're talking about lower load growth here in general, but what is the annualized impact here in 2016 after incentives? It seems as if it's about $0.17. In tandem with, that what are the weather-normalized sales trends excluding Noranda? And then most importantly, what are your 2017 expectations as you think about that energy efficiency drag?
Marty Lyons: Yes sure Julien, this is Marty, and obviously a number of questions there. I think as that relates to energy efficiency you got to keep in mind that some of what we’ve quantified is year-over-year comparative impacts from last year to this year. So when we think about that you got to remember that the construct of the energy efficiency plan in Missouri from 2013 through 2015 was different than the one we’ve got now and last year we were being compensated for some of the efforts associated with energy efficiency and being compensated not only for the current year effects in 2015 but some of the carryover effects to 2016. And so that’s creating a bit of a year-over-year comparison and that’s why we’ve noted some of those effects this year. In terms of the sales trends what we’re seeing we mentioned this on the call year-to-date on a consolidated basis residential and commercial sales were roughly flat. Frankly they’re up a little bit in Missouri and down a little bit in Illinois. Then industrial sales overall were down about 4% with Missouri down about 0.5% and Illinois down more significantly. When you actually exclude the impacts of energy efficiency in Missouri we would actually see overall sales instead of being flat. Overall sales we see up about a 1.5%. On the residential we think they’d be up about 1.3%, commercial maybe up 2% and industrial while they’re down on a reported basis maybe up 0.5% excluding energy efficiency. So we do see those programs as having an effect both the programs we put in place last year are having a carryover effect to this year, but also the current year programs that we’ve now put into place. So they are having an impact but overall sales are about where we thought. We said they -- we thought they’d be about flattish because of the effects of energy efficiency and that’s about where they are. I think economically unemployment is running pretty good in Missouri frankly I think you probably saw nationally the unemployment was about 4.9% now for the past couple of months. What we’re seeing in Missouri is it's actually running a little bit below that, closer to 4%. While unfortunately on the Illinois side, where we’re seeing some of the industrial sales declines, seeing unemployment a little bit higher over there about 6% but overall I think the economies are remaining stable. We’re seeing a little bit of growth I’d say in Missouri especially when you strip out energy efficiency. And then in Illinois while the industrial sales are down we’re still seeing some growth in terms of residential and commercial demand, which we see as a positive.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: And then just a follow-up here on the broader 5% to 8% CAGR, can you comment quickly what the impact is from the U.S. treasury being down within that range perhaps it's linear but I just want to reaffirm it? And then separately related what about the impact from the pension discount rates? Just want to make sure we under it's probably fairly modest given Illinois and then also Missouri. But just want to make sure we have that right?
Marty Lyons: Yes, sure I understand the question. I think that, as you would think about the 5% to 8% growth overtime as we’ve said repeatedly that is really anchored by the 6.5% compound annual rate base growth. And so that really is the foundation and then when you think about whether we would be above that or below that from an earnings per share growth perspective, certainly changes in treasury rates or earned ROEs, sales growth levels, spending levels, regulatory decisions, all of those things can push you up or down within that range. And look it’s a five year outlook going out to 2020, so a number of things can happen over that time and that's why we have sort of a $0.40 range when you look out to 2020. As it relates to the current impact of 30 year treasuries as we mentioned on the call, we have booked to a lower treasury yield than we expected at the beginning of the year. The beginning of the year we had expected treasury yields to be around 3.2, what we've booked to as of the end of June is an average rate for the year of about 2.65 and of course the current 30 year treasuries are sitting at 2.25. So, that has caused us to change our outlook for this year. We've baked that into our guidance range for this year. I'd remind you that 50 basis points move in ROEs in the Ameren Illinois delivery business about $0.025. That gives you a sensitivity but we've baked that into our current year guidance, we feel very good about the guidance, we were able to raise it $0.05 as you know this year which is a position, it's net of the impacts of those changes in 30 year treasuries. And as it relates to our long-term guidance we obviously update our overall thoughts about how we're going to manage our business going forward on an annual basis but right now I feel very good about that 6.5% rate base growth and that 5% to 8% compound annual EPS growth that we've projected.
Warner Baxter: [Multiple Speakers] and then one other issue on pensions and OPEBs.
Marty Lyons: Yes thanks Warner. On the pension and OPEB which was a good question Julien, I know that's impacting some folks with the lower discount rates that are expected but we have trackers in Missouri for both pension and OPEB and then in Illinois for our energy deliver business as well as in our FERC transmission business, you have formulaic rates, so we're largely protected from those declines that are happening in terms of the discount rate. In the Illinois gas business obviously we have forecasted test years and depending on the timing of those filings there can be some impact there, but largely insulated from the impacts of the changes in discount rates and any kind of asset performance changes.
Operator: Our next question comes from Brian Russo with the Ladenburg Thalmann. Please state your question.
Brian Russo: The $0.05 increase in the guidance, is there any way to breakdown some of the more noticeable positives and negatives? It looks like interest rates would be maybe a $0.025 negative versus previous guidance and I'm not sure, I think weather is a $0.01 positive, just maybe if you can elaborate on that, what's operational and what's kind of weather related?
Warner Baxter: And I think if you look back at our beginning of the year guidance and then walk through our first quarter and now second quarter disclosures you can piece some of these things together and you've got some of those. I think as it relates to starting with our guidance at the beginning of the year and thinking about how it moved. W had an $0.08 or so pickup from the adoption of the new accounting standard in the first quarter which was a positive. At that same time we also had a couple of additional cents of decline due to this Noranda outage we started the year thinking it was going to be a $0.13 impact and we're at about $0.15 impact. We also had as you mentioned we have now had a little bit of lowered expectation in terms of the treasury rates and again that like you said that has impacted us by $0.02 or $0.03 there as well, so those are some of the impacts of it that we had. Now in the first quarter we also had negative weather it was it about $0.05 negative in the first quarter as mentioned on the call we had positive weather here in the second quarter which more than offset and we're about a penny positive now for weather year-to-date. So when you look at that, you look at that where we are at the end of six months you have got that tax gain that we experienced in the first quarter, you get about a penny of positive weather. And we've had some offsets due to the decline in the treasuries and then this temporary impact of the Noranda outage that we're experiencing this year. So those are some of the things that were pluses and minuses versus our original expectations and why we were positioned then with the backdrop of solid operations and very solid execution of our strategy and our plan for this year that we're able to raise the guidance by $0.05.
Brian Russo: Okay, great. It's my understanding that you're using the ATXI and FERC transmission is being financed at the parent. Just want to be -- just like you to clarify the financing strategy with ATXI and when might we see it break out into a separate sub and that parent leverage be a little bit more transparent? 
Warner Baxter: Yes, that’s a, you correctly described it, I mean what we're doing today think of it as the most, has been the most efficient way to do it as we've been financing the transmission growth at our ATXI business through financing at the parent which we've got both some short-term and long-term financing in place there at the parent that supports the investments we've been making at ATXI. Obviously as that short-term debt grows the parent will consider when it might be appropriate to term some of that out. I don't expect that to be this year, but in perspective periods we very well might consider that and to the extent that we believe it’s more efficient at that point to do it, at an entity other Ameren Corp., at either ATXI or a holding company level, we'll evaluate that going forward. But as we approach that decision, whether that would be next year or in some period beyond we'll certainly be happy to discuss our thinking at that time about why we're proceeding.
Brian Russo: And then the Missouri electric case filing, did you file a utility cap structure or the parent cap structure?
Warner Baxter: Yes in the Missouri filing that we filed as we mentioned on the call, you have a equity content in the cap structure of 51.8% and that is the cap structure of the utility subsidiary Ameren Missouri.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs. Please state your question.
Michael Lapides: Can you talk about in your multi-year forecast what your planning is for leverage at the holding company level? Meaning, do you plan on de-levering the holding company? Do you plan on issuing debt solely to fund ATXI or using debt at the holding company level and sending it down to the utilities to help fund utility growth?
Marty Lyons: Michael this is Marty and as you've seen in our slides we have about an $11 billion expenditure plan over the next five years. It's something that we believe given the strength of our balance sheet today. We can finance solely with debt and maintain a very strong balance sheet and maintain very strong credit metrics relative to the ratings that we have today. And then as we think about the expenditures, obviously we’ve got those in each of the subsidiaries. We do financing independently at each one of the subsidiaries. So we have obviously we issued long-term debt at Ameren Illinois and Missouri and then as we just spoke about on our prior Q&A as it relates to the ATXI transmission business then we are using parent company leverage to be able to adapt, to be able to fund those investments at ATXI. And at some point may very well be able to do financing either at ATXI or some sort of intermediate holding company. But that’s overall our plan and our goal is with each one of our utility subsidiaries to maintain very strong overall balance sheets there as well. So, that’s how we’re balancing things out and again we do believe we’ll be able to finance this capital expenditure plan with that over the coming five year period.
Michael Lapides: So no real plans for equity or significant debt at the holding company to infuse those equity into the operating companies?
Warner Baxter: That is correct that’s absolutely correct. And I think one thing too to keep in mind longer term overtime we’ll be able to monetize some of the tax assets that we have up at the parent. We’ve got quite a bit of tax assets built up overall, about 760 million but about 460 million or so of that is really at the parent company and something that overtime we’ll be able to monetize as well.
Michael Lapides: One last one and this is really I don’t know if this is Warner or for Michael, but when you’re thinking about the proceeding in Missouri to help improve rate making processes. I know some of the testimony filing dates have already passed and honestly it didn’t look like there were a lots of suggestions of very specific things that other interveners besides you guys really were recommending more -- and that testimony seem like it was more please don’t this or don’t do that but not as much please do this or do that. How do you think the commission kind of takes it from there, like if you think about it as this is a giant kind a caldron a boiling pot or lots of things can come out this. How do you think about what the options that the commission actually looks at are based on what’s been filed in the public estimates?
Warner Baxter: Hello Michael this is Warner. I’ll take a shot at it and then I’ll let Michael add some more of the details on that. Number one I think I would start with this. This is a positive development that we’re talking about the need to address Missouri’s agent infrastructure and seeking solutions, especially outside of the legislative session. So I see that these proceedings that are being conducted both by the Missouri Public Service Commission and the Senate Interim Committee an opportunity for stakeholders really to come together to not only share ideas, to share differences and to try and find a constructive path forward. And so while maybe some of the filings included things that the interveners or others did not want to see that’s informative. But secondly I know that Ameren Missouri and then certainly the utility group they filed specific suggestions and there was a host of suggestions to try and address this issue. So I fully expected the commission to carefully look at these things to engage with stakeholders as well as the Senate Interim Committee to try and advance Missouri forward, because as we’ve been consistent, we strongly believe that this is not only an opportunity but one of these things that is really imperative to Missouri to move forward with that constructive policies. And so we're encouraged by these developments, we look forward to engage with the key stakeholders. Michael you've been working with some of the more specific key stakeholders, anything you'd like to add in terms of the overall process and where things go from here?
Michael Moehn: I think that I mean where we are today is a positive as Warner said, I mean there's a great deal of dialogue that's occurring and I think that given where the various stakeholders are it's not terribly surprising I think that the commission has been very constructive in this process, we'll have a couple of more rounds of testimony as we move through it. As Warner said the Interim Senate Committee is going to hold some hearings in the very near future. They're really looking to get some outside perspectives. And I think to me the one thing that's really positive in all of this is there's a recognition of the issue. Now, there's not tremendous consensus on what the solution is yet but there's a recognition of the issue and that's where this whole thing starts. Once we have the problem identified we can figure out how to go about it and come through debate and dialogue, come up with the right solutions. So, I think it's a positive first step, it is hard to predict where it's going to go, but both I think the commission ordered process as well as the Interim Senate Committee are driving towards an early December date with ample time to work something through the legislative process.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please state your question.
Paul Patterson: Just a few quick follow-ups, most of my questions have been answered but, the tax asset monetization that you were referring to is that just over the course of business or is there any potential transaction that might be contemplated as such I was just wondering if you could elaborate a little further on that?
Warner Baxter: Yes, really expect it to be monetized just over the course of business. As we go through time, what'll happen is that as we have taxable earnings and we have taxes due, what'll happen overtime is that the utilities will burn off their tax assets the utilities will then pay taxes up to the parent. The parent will be able to monetize the sort of kind of this tax shield of the 460 million that I spoke about. And then ultimately once that's burned through Ameren Corp. becomes a tax payor which is out in the 20-21 timeframe is when we project today.
Paul Patterson: And then on Illinois, there's a lot of legislative discussion there regarding the nuke stuff that EXELON is asking for but also others are asking for sort of renewable stuff etcetera and there's been some discussion of an ominous bill. There's discussion of singlized those kind of things, and I was just wondering is there any opportunity there for you guys giving your formula rate plan and everything else for additional investments or additional opportunity or any thoughts of risks or any thoughts that you guys have that in terms of seeing what's going on in the Illinois?
Warner Baxter: Hello Paul this is Warner again. The simple answer is yes, we're at the table with key stakeholders and as EXELON and others have promoted plans or potential pieces of legislation. We've provided input and we provided input that we believe that will encourage some additional investments that we believe will benefit customers, but also to make sure that is balanced for certainly the Southern part of Illinois as well as the Northern part of Illinois. It's all part of the framework and so we think there are opportunities, whether that will be a legislative effort that will be the priority for this legislature here in the short-term remains to be seen. They obviously are very focused on addressing some budget issues and so once those matters are addressed perhaps an energy legislation will come to the forefront. But the bottom-line is we're engaged, we're simply engaged with them and Richard Mark oversees our operations there. Richard would you have anything else to add there?
Richard Mark: No, I think you put it well Warner. I think we're at the table with stakeholders who are watching the legislation very closely, but in Illinois right now I think the primary focus of the legislature is trying to get some of the state budget issues resolved.
Warner Baxter: Sure.
Paul Patterson: Right, sure. And then just finally, on the Mark Twain, you guys mentioned the assent process of the counties. Is that going well? Is that working out, as just as a sort of a follow-up from -- was just wondering what, if there was anything, going on there?
Warner Baxter: We'll have Maureen Borkowski who oversees our transmission operations she will be able to give you some input on that.
Maureen Borkowski: Hi, this is Maureen, yes we think that Mark Twain is going as per schedule, we're basically preparing packets of information to demonstrate to each county that we need the statutory requirement of safely crossing public roadways and we continue to have dialogue with each of the commissioners in each of the five counties to move that forward. So everything's on schedule at this point.
Operator: Our last question comes from Steven Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please state your question.
Steve Fleishman: I wanted to give you a rare compliment for basically staying disciplined in this Westar M&A process. Usually people congratulate on doing deals but sometimes best not to. Just on that front, though, could you maybe just give a sense of how important M&A is to the plan, or is it pretty much focus on the core rate-based growth and is kind of more opportunistic? 
Warner Baxter: Steve, this is Warner, so let me comment squarely on this. Our focus is on the strategic plan we laid out right at the outset. And that focus as you can see is on the organic growth in our business which is driven by robust rate base growth which we believe is going to deliver solid earnings per share growth. And we have obviously talked about the dividend that goes along with it, it is going to deliver what we think is superior total shareholder return. As you said we do believe the industry will continue to consolidate and certainly in the past we have obviously participated in some level of consolidation and so the bottom-line is we're focused on our organic growth plan, we're attentive to what’s going on in the industry and we'll simply just continue to execute, execute, execute, period.
Operator: I'm showing no further questions at this time, so I will turn it back to Mr. Fischer for closing remarks.
Doug Fischer: Thank you for participating in this call. Let me remind you again that a replay of the call will be available for one year on our Web site, if you have question you may call the contacts listed on our earnings release, financial analyst inquiry should be directed to me Doug Fischer or my associate Andrew Kirk. Media should call Joe Muehlenkamp, our contact numbers are on the release. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren and have a great Friday.
Operator: This concludes today’s conference. Thank you for your participation you may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2016 Q1  (2016-05-11 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Doug Fischer - Senior Director of Investor Relations Warner Baxter - Chairman, President & Chief Executive Officer Marty Lyons - EVP & Chief Financial Officer Maureen Borkowski - President of Transmission Operations Michael Moehn - Ameren Missouri Chairman & President
Analysts: Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Ashar Khan - Visium Asset Management Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann Andy Levi - Avon Capital Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research
Operator: Greetings and welcome to Ameren Corporation's First Quarter 2016 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Doug Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you. Mr. Fischer, you may begin.
Doug Fischer: Thank you and good morning. I am Doug Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today are Warner Baxter, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Marty Lyons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, as well as other members of the Ameren management team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and the webcast will be available for one year on our Web site at ameren.com. Further, this call contains time sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today’s live broadcast and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted on our Web site a presentation that will be referenced by our speakers. To access this, please look in the Investors section of our Web site under Webcasts and Presentations and follow the appropriate link. Turning to Page 2 of the presentation, I need to inform you that comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the forward-looking statements section in the news release we issued yesterday and the forward-looking statements and Risk Factors section in our filing with the SEC. Warner will begin this call with comment on first quarter financial results, full year 2016 earnings guidance and a business update. Marty will follow with a more detailed discussion of first quarter results and an update on financial and regulatory matters. We will then open the call for questions. Before Warner begins, I would like to mention that all per share earnings amounts discussed during today's presentation, including earnings guidance, are presented on a diluted basis unless otherwise noted. Now here is Warner who will start on Page 4 of the presentation.
Warner Baxter: Thanks, Doug. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Yesterday afternoon we announced first quarter 2016 earnings of $0.43 per share compared to $0.45 per share in last year's first quarter. The earnings decline reflected more electric and natural gas sales volumes which were primarily due to milder winter temperatures. These milder temperatures lowered earnings by an estimated $0.10 per share compared to 2015. The year-over-year earnings comparison was also reduced as a result of lower electric sales to Noranda Aluminum, historically Ameren Missouri's largest customer. In early January 2016, Noranda announced that production had been idled at two its three smelter pot lines as a result of an operational failure. And in mid-March Noranda idled its remaining smelter pot line. The impact of these unfavorable items was partially offset by a decrease in the effective income tax rate which was primarily due to tax benefits associated with share-based compensation. The earnings comparison also benefitted from increased earnings on FERC regulated transmission in Illinois electric and natural gas delivery service, resulting from infrastructure investments made under modern, constructive regulatory frameworks in order to better serve our customers. Overall, our first quarter results were solid and we remain on track to deliver within our 2016 earnings guidance range of $2.40 to $2.60 per share. Turning now to Page 5. Here we reiterate our strategic plan. We remain focused on executing this strategy and continue to strongly believe that we will deliver superior long-term value to both our customers and shareholders. I would like to highlight some of our year-to-date efforts and accomplishments towards this end. These include our continued strategic allocation of significant amounts of capital to those businesses whose investments are supported by regulatory frameworks that provide fair, predictable and timely cost recovery and also deliver long-term benefits to our customers. This capital allocation is illustrated in the graphic on the right side of this Slide. As you can see, we invested more than $300 million of our first quarter capital expenditures in jurisdictions with the supportive regulatory frameworks. This represented almost two-thirds of our first quarter 2016 investments and included approximately $170 million of capital spent on FERC regulated projects. The largest of these is ATXI's $1.4 billion Illinois Rivers Transmission Project. Construction of the first of this project's nine line segments is now complete, with construction of three other segments and two of three river crossings expected to be completed later this year. Further, two of the project's 10 substations are already in service with construction well underway on the remaining ones. For ATXI's Spoon River project in northwestern Illinois, we are currently acquiring right-of-way and plan to begin line construction later this year. In addition, the project's new substation is under construction and should be completed by the end of the year. Finally, I am pleased to note that the Missouri Public Service Commission approved a Certificate of Convenience and Necessity for the Mark Twain project late last month. Moving forward, we plan to obtain assents from the five counties that Mark Twain will cross and to begin right-of-way acquisitions soon. All three of these transmission projects, Illinois Rivers, Spoon River and Mark Twain, are MISO approved multi-value projects. When completed, these projects will deliver significant customer benefits including improved reliability and access to cleaner generation, including wind power from the western and northern parts of the MISO region. Turning to Page 6 of our presentation, let me update you on the execution of our strategic plan at Ameren Illinois. We invested approximately $145 million in Illinois Electric and natural gas delivery infrastructure projects in the first quarter of this year. These investments made under the company's modernization action plan, which was enabled by Illinois' Energy Infrastructure Modernization Act. This work remains on track to meet or exceed its investment, reliability and advanced metering goals. Ameren Illinois customers are experiencing fewer and shorter power outages as a result of electric grid upgrades. Since the program began in 2012, installation of storm resilient utility poles, advanced meters, outage detection technology and stronger power lines has resulted in 17% improvement in reliability. And when customers do experience an outage, Ameren Illinois is restoring power 18% faster on average than in previous years. Further, installations of advance electric meters are ahead of schedule. In 2016, Ameren Illinois plans to deploy at least 148,000 electric and 103,000 gas meters at customer locations in central and southern Illinois. Also, from the beginning of 2012 to 2015, Ameren Illinois added more than 400 employees and more than 1100 contracted personnel in support of electric system projects under its modernization action plan. These benefits are being driven by the forward thinking and constructive regulatory frameworks that support investment in Illinois. Turning now to Missouri where modernizing the regulatory framework has been a key area of focus. As we speak today, House Bill 2689, 21st Century Grid Modernization and Security Act remains on the Missouri Senate calendar and is available for further debate. Informed by extensive outreach, collaboration and input from key stakeholders, this legislation has received unprecedented statewide support, including that from major chambers of commerce, individual businesses, labor suppliers, The Missouri Farm Bureau and many other key stakeholders. In addition, this process has resulted in significant and constructive dialog with policymakers regarding the extent to which regulatory lag discourages investment in grid modernization. Unfortunately, the bill was subject to a filibuster by a small group of state senators during debate last week. It was not advanced at that time. Time is short for passage of this legislation as this year's general assembly session ends Friday. As a result, I do not believe that comprehensive performance based rate making legislation will be enacted this session. However, this short window, we continue to work with key stakeholders to find other constructive paths forward this session. In addition, we remain focused on enhancing energy policies to address regulatory lag and support investment in aging infrastructure through both the regulatory and legislative processes. As a result and at this time, I do expect that we would support another legislative initiative next year. I am convinced those efforts are in the best long-term interest of our customers in the entire state of Missouri as we seek to modernize the grid to meet our customers future energy needs and expectations as well as create jobs. As long as Missouri stands still, it is being left behind by other states who have adopted forward-thinking energy policies. In light of the fact that we do not expect comprehensive regulatory reform this session, coupled with the ongoing financial impacts of Noranda's outage, as well as increased investments and operating costs, we are moving forward with plans to file for an electric rate increase in early July. Moving from regulatory and legislative matters to a quick comment on Missouri operational matters. Our scheduled 2016 nuclear refueling maintenance outage at the Callaway Energy Center was successfully executed and the plant is now back on line. We also continue our efforts to relentlessly improve operating performance, including our focus on safety, disciplined cost management and strategic capital allocation. Moving on to Page 7 in our long-term total return outlook. In February, we outlined our plan to grow rate base at an approximate 6.5% compound annual rate over the 2015 to 2020 period, driven by a strong pipeline of investments to benefit customers and shareholders. Our peer leading rate base growth reflects strategic allocation of capital to those jurisdictions that operate under constructive and modern regulatory frameworks. In addition, we stated in February that we expected earnings per share to grow at a 5% to 8% compound annual rate from 2016 through 2020, excluding the estimated temporary negative effect from 2016 earnings of lower sales to Noranda. Our rate base growth is foundational to our strong earnings per share growth expectations. We also remain focused on our dividend because we recognize its importance to our shareholders. Today, our dividend yield remains above the average of our regulated utility peers. Of course future dividend increases will be based on consideration of, among other things, earnings growth, cash flows and economic and other business conditions. To summarize, we are relentlessly executing our strategy and I remain firmly convinced that continuing to do so will deliver superior value to our customers, shareholders and the communities we serve. Again, thank you all for joining us today. I will now turn the call over to Marty. Marty?
Marty Lyons: Thanks, Warner. Good morning, everyone. Turning now to Page 9 of our presentation. As Warner already noted, we reported earnings of $0.43 per share for the first quarter of 2016 compared to earnings of $0.45 per share for the year ago period. Key drivers of the earnings variance are listed on this page. Lower electric and natural gas sales volumes reduced earnings with milder winter temperatures accounting for an estimated $0.10 per share decline. This temperature related earnings decline was almost entirely driven by lower electric sales volumes since Illinois gas sales are subject to a volume balancing adjustment effective at the beginning of this year. This volume balancing adjustment ensures that changes in natural gas sales, including those from weather, do not result in an over or under collection of revenues from residential and small non-residential customers. First quarter 2016 temperatures were not only milder than those experienced in the year ago period, they were also milder than normal with heating degree days about 20% less than the year ago period and about 10% less than normal. The remainder of the sales volume related earnings decline was almost entirely due to the idling of Noranda's smelter pot lines. Further, the carryover effect from Ameren Missouri's 2013 through 2015 energy efficiency plan, reduced earnings by $0.03 per share. Moving to the next key driver of the first quarter earnings variance. Last year's Ameren Illinois results benefited from recovery of certain cumulative power usage costs. The absence of this benefit had a $0.04 per share unfavorable effect on the earnings comparison. Shifting now to factors that had a favorable effect on the first quarter earnings comparison. A decrease in the effective income tax rate, lifted earnings by $0.08 per share. This reduced tax rate was primarily due to recognition of 2016 tax benefits associated with share based compensation. These benefits were recognized in earnings pursuant to accounting guidance issued in March of 2016. I would note that that the level of such tax benefits to be recognized in future years will be a function of the fair value of share-based incentive awards when they vest and could cause our effective income tax rate to fluctuate above or below the approximately 38% effective tax rate normally expected. For 2016, we now project the full year effective tax rate to be approximately 35%. In addition, increased investments in electric transmission and delivery infrastructure in our ATXI and Ameren Illinois businesses, lifted earnings by $0.05 per share compared to the year ago period. I want to note that our ATXI and Ameren Illinois transmission earnings continue to be reduced by a reserve reflecting the potential for a lower MISO base allowed ROE, given pending complaint cases at the FERC. In addition, the earnings of our Illinois electric delivery business incorporated an 8.7% allowed ROE under formulaic rate making compared to 8.6% for the year ago period. The Illinois electric delivery ROE reflected in first quarter 2016 results assumes an annual average 30-year treasury yield of 2.9% for the full year. Moving to the last item on the page. Earnings for the first quarter also benefitted from higher Illinois natural gas delivery service rates effective at the beginning of this year, adding $0.04 per share. Before moving on, let me briefly cover electric sales trends for the first quarter. Weather-normalized kilowatt hour sales to Illinois and Missouri residential and commercial customers were essentially flat as the 2016 leap day sales benefit was offset by energy efficiency impacts. Kilowatt hour sales to Illinois' industrial customers decreased approximately 8%, primarily reflecting lower sales to several large low margin Illinois customers, including those in mining agriculture, auto and steel making. Excluding lower sales to Noranda, kilowatt hour sales to Missouri's industrial customers were flat. Turning to Page 10 of our presentation, now I would like to discuss our guidance for this year. As Warner stated, we continue to expect 2016 diluted earnings to be in the a range of $2.40 to $2.60 per share, despite several notable items that were not incorporated into our initial guidance provided back in February. These include one favorable item that was offset by three unfavorable items resulting in no change to our guidance range. The favorable item was the decrease in the first quarter effective income tax rate, primarily due to tax benefits associated with share-based compensation which boosted earnings by $0.08 per share. The three unfavorable items were, milder first quarter temperatures, which reduced earnings by an estimated $0.05 per share compared to normal temperatures. An increase in the 2016 estimated earnings impact from lower sales to Noranda of $0.02 per share, as well as a 30 basis point lower assumed ROE for Illinois electric delivery service which reduced expected 2016 EPS by almost $0.02 per share. The last item reflected the lower estimated average 30-year treasury rate for 2016 of 2.9%, which I mentioned a moment ago compared to our beginning of the year estimate of 3.2%. Regarding Noranda, our 2016 guidance includes an updated estimate of approximately $0.15 per share for the impact of lower electric sales to this customer compared to the prior estimate of $0.13 per share. As we discussed in February, this estimate is net of expected revenues from off system sales that Ameren Missouri is making as a result of reduced sales to Noranda and that are retained under a provision of our fuel adjustment clause. This estimate has been updated for the regulatorily agreed upon method for calculating such off systems sales revenues and changes in forward power prices. We continue to assume Noranda's production lines will remain idle for the rest of this year. I will not go through the balance of the year earnings consideration listed on this page, since they are largely self-explanatory and we discussed each item on our February earnings call. Overall, our goal remains to earn at or close to our allowed ROEs in all of our jurisdictions. Of course this goal will continue to be more challenging to achieve in Missouri, pending improvement in the regulatory framework. However, as Warner mentioned, we expect to file a Missouri electric rate case in early July to recover costs related to additional infrastructure investments and rising expenses, including those related to net fuel, depreciation, transmission service and property taxes. In addition, rates need to be adjusted to reflect the loss of sales to Noranda. As discussed in February, we expect the earnings impact of lower sales to Noranda to be temporary. Moving now to Page 11. I would like to update you on select regulatory matters pending at the Illinois Commerce Commission and the Federal [indiscernible] Energy Regulatory Commission. Turning first to Illinois. Last month Ameren Illinois made its required annual electric delivery rate update filing. Under Illinois formula rate making, our utility is required to file annual rate updates to systematically adjust cash flows over time for changes in cost to service and to true up any prior period over or under recovery of such cost. Our filing seeks a $14 million decrease in annual electric rates. This net amount includes a $96 million increase reflecting 2015 actual costs, related carrying charges and expected 2016 infrastructure investments, which is more than offset by $110 million decrease due to recovery by year-end 2016 of previously under-recovered 2014 cost and related carrying charges. The ICC will review the matter in the months ahead with the decision expected in December of this year and new rates effective early next year. I will remind you that each year's Illinois electric delivery earnings are a function of that year's ending rate base, the formula determined allowed ROE, which is the annual average of 30-year U.S. treasury bond yields for that year plus 580 basis points, and the ICC authorized equity ratio, and are not directly determined by that year's rate update filing. Finally, previously mentioned complaint cases seeking to reduce base allowed ROE from MISO transmission owners, including Ameren Illinois and ATXI, are pending at the FERC. In the first case, the schedule calls for a final order from the FERC in the fourth quarter of this year. And in the second case, the schedule calls for an initial order from an administrative law judge by the end of June this year with a final order from the FERC expected next year. Finally, turning to Page 12, I will summarize. We have affirmed our earnings guidance for 2016 and we continue to execute our strategy. Further, on our February call, we stated that we expected earnings per share to grow at a strong 5% to 8% compound annual rate from 2016 through 2020, excluding the estimated temporary net effect of lower sales to Noranda this year. We said this earnings growth was driven by approximately 6.5% compound annual rate base growth over the 2015 through 2020 period based on a mix of needed transmission, distribution and generation investments across multiple regulatory jurisdictions being made for the benefit of customers. When you combine our strong earnings growth with Ameren's dividend, which now provides investors with an above peer group average yield of approximately 3.5%, we believe our common stock provides very attractive total return potential for investors. That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions. 
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead with your question.
Paul Patterson: Just with respect to the long-term earnings growth rate and your comments regarding the legislation and Noranda, I guess. You seemed like you are suggesting that Noranda might be a temporary situation and that you expect that it might change. I was just wondering, is Noranda in the long-term guidance. Noranda coming back that is, or how should we think about that?
Marty Lyons: Sure, Paul. This is Marty. You may recall when we gave the long-term guidance outlook back in February. We, number one, said we expected 5% to 8% compound annual EPS growth from 2016 through 2020. The foundational element of that of course is the 6.5% rate base growth that we have which we showed from 2015 to 2020. But importantly when we talked about that 5% to 8% compound annual EPS growth, we were basing that off of an adjusted 2016 EPS guidance of $2.63. Obviously, if you took our guidance for this year, the midpoint is $2.50. But we added to that the impact we estimated at that time of the Noranda outage which was $0.13 at that time, to get to an adjusted midpoint of $2.63 and then base the earnings guidance off of that. And the reason we did that is that we do believe the impact of Noranda's outage on our earnings to be temporary. And as we mentioned on the call, we do expect to file a Missouri rate case in early July of this year. We expect that that rate case will reflect the reduced usage by Noranda and as our rates are adjusted next year, than the temporary impact of this earnings decline from the outage would be erased. So that’s how we expect it to go and so long-term in terms of our earnings growth guidance, Noranda maybe there and Noranda may not be there. We are not speculating on that but we do believe that through the rate case process that the impact of the outage will be mitigated.
Paul Patterson: Okay. That makes sense. And just in terms of the legislation as I recall, so your earnings growth rate is not dependent upon Missouri legislation getting enacted. Is that still the case?
Marty Lyons: Yes. That’s absolutely right. We said that in February and we stand by that. You should know that the overall 6.5% rate base growth is the foundation. We have got about 2% growth forecasted for Missouri over that period of time. And we do believe both that rate base growth as well as our earnings growth expectation of 5% to 8% can be achieved without the need for legislation in Missouri.
Paul Patterson: How should we think about this tax benefit? I mean how do you still model it? It sounds like there was obviously a benefit this year but just in general, how do we factor in this new guidance associated with the taxes?
Marty Lyons: You know Paul, it's a good question. And I think going forward, continuing to think about that 38% effective tax rate is probably the right way to think about it. But to be aware that there could be some variation, up or down, from year to year, based upon this new accounting guidance. And as mentioned on the call, what it would really be a function of is what the fair value is of long-term share based compensation is at the time it vests, versus what's been reflected in book expense over the three years as it relates to our plans over the three year vesting period. And that can create a little bit of volatility in the effective rate. In this particular period as you see the value of what vested was greater than what had been recognized in expense over the past three years and therefore the tax benefit was greater than the effective tax rate reflected over the past few years. So we ended up with a benefit this year. But as noted on the talking points, it could be a benefit or it could be a detriment. But I think in the absence of any further information, I think I would expect that 38% effective tax rate. As it relates to this year, that item had a discrete impact on the first quarter, so it lowered the first quarter effective tax rate. At the end of the year, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we expect the tax rate, effective tax rate, to be around 35%, which would imply over the reminder of this year, in the remaining three quarters that effective tax rate somewhere between 37% and 38%.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then just finally on the Mark Twain transmission ruling. There was this idea that you have to go back to the counties to get approval there, county consent. There was some discussion at the PSC that, that was going to probably lead to more litigation in the court system. I just wonder if you could elaborate a little bit on how you see that.
Maureen Borkowski: Maureen Borkowski. Yes, at this point in time, we are fully expecting just to go to each county and present the evidence. Really their statutory obligation in each county is to ensure that the transmission line doesn’t have any impact on the user safety of public roadways. So we will put that packet of information together for each county and pursue getting their assent when we make that demonstration. So at this point in time we are not anticipating any additional litigation in that regard.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please proceed with your questions.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Perhaps following a little bit up on the last round of questions here. Can you elaborate a little bit on the specific differences in the statistics between Missouri and Illinois? You started off your remarks elaborating on Illinois but just how do the two compare? And then what are the tangible projects that would be on the table if you were to succeed either this year or next year under a new legislative framework?
Marty Lyons: Julien, this is Marty. Could you restate your first question? We are not clear what statistics you are referring to?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: I suppose what are the reliability statistics? The differentials between Illinois and Missouri. Just to get a sense as to what do you aspire in to Missouri versus Illinois? And then, or perhaps to boot with that, what are the discrete and tangible projects that you are evaluating should you be able to get legislation this year or next year?
Warner Baxter: Paul, this is Warner. I think a couple of things. Number one, by and large Illinois has clearly made progress in improving the reliability as well as responding to outage duration as a result of the grid monetization project. By and large, what you are seeing between the two jurisdictions is that they are moving closer in terms of what their overall reliability and ultimate responsiveness to outages are. And so Illinois will continue to have specific metrics that they have to hit as part of the grid modernization act and they will continue to pursue that. As part of the legislative effort in Missouri, there were specific performance metrics that are put out there as well for reliability in that that was in the legislation. I think importantly, what really we were focused on, we will continue to be focused on in Missouri, is to address the aging infrastructure. And so what are the kind of things that we would think about doing? Well, we would certainly be doing many of the things that you are seeing over in Illinois, investing in smart meters. Missouri needs to do that and it's an opportunity not just for our customers ultimately, to be able to use the more advanced meters. It's investing in a smarter grid, whether it be in the power lines, whether it be in automating much of the grid compared to where it is today. Substations, all these things are very important and things that we are doing in Illinois that we would be focused on doing in Missouri. We had also, as part of the legislative effort, we would be looking at the generation portfolio. Clearly, we have aging infrastructure there and we could do improvements in a more timely fashion, we think in our generating power plants as well as invest in renewable energy which was a significant aspect of this bill. So we can put all those things together. These are things that we would be focused on in Missouri should we get legislation passed that would support that investment. And those are the kind of things that we are going to continue to talk about with policy makers, both the remaining part of this session as well as frankly moving into next year. Both during the rate case as well as preparing for the next legislative session.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Excellent. And then turning my attention to Illinois. Specifically here we've seen a lot of retirements in the last few weeks here. Can you comment at all where you are in the process of evaluating any requisite transmission upgrades?
Warner Baxter: Paul, we are going to have Maureen Borkowski, she can jump in. As we have seen some of these retirements, we think that there are some transmission opportunities and so Maureen, why don’t you jump in and talk a little bit about some of those.
Maureen Borkowski: Yes. It's a little too early to be specific about what projects but process wise, when a generator applies to MISO to shut down even on interim basis, there is a study that’s done by our transmission planners with the generator on our system to determine what the transmission needs would be to make sure the system can still operate reliably. So there is certainly the potential as these reported shutdowns are studied for additional transmission investment. And one thing I would point out is that because any needed investment here would be for reliability purposes, that would be outside of the competitive process and it would be Ameren's own companies that would be making any investment that was identified.
Warner Baxter: And so, Julien, I think I was saying Paul a moment ago. It's Julien. So I apologize for that. I am not sure Paul is not offended, hope that you are not as well.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: I'm sure he isn't, nor am I. Last quick question on Missouri and the rate case. Any changes in the regulatory framework that you'd be seeking in this and also do you have any initial estimate on what the rate impact would be?
Warner Baxter: Julien, this is Warner again. I think a couple of things. It would be premature for us to say if we are going to do something special from a regulatory framework perspective. Every time we move into a rate case, we step back and say, okay, what from a policy perspective things that we want to pursue. So we will step back and think about that. And in terms of the overall rate increases, yes, it too is premature. You will see a lot of that here coming up very soon in early July. We will give you all the specifics as we move forward in the rest of the year, we will explain the case in more detail to you and the rest of our shareholders.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc. Please go ahead with your questions.
Paul Ridzon: You mentioned growth in Missouri of 2%. Is that EPS or rate base or both?
Marty Lyons: Yes, Paul. This is Marty. That 2% I was referencing was rate base. So overall we are expecting 6.5% compound annual rate base growth. In Missouri we expect it to be 2% compound annual rate base growth. So really not commenting specifically there on earnings but, overall, I would say that 6.5% rate base growth is sort of the midpoint of our long-term earnings per share growth guidance of 5% to 8%. So consistent with what we have talked about on prior quarters, I mean the bulk of that growth is coming in our FERC regulated transmission and our Illinois electric and Illinois gas distribution businesses, where we are allocating a significant amount of capital because of the constructive regulation we have in those jurisdictions.
Paul Ridzon: What's the [indiscernible] statutory deadline to adjudicate a Missouri rate case?
Warner Baxter: We have typically experienced 11 month resolution of the rate cases in Missouri.
Paul Ridzon: And then in February I think you indicated that you might pursue an accounting order of some sort for Noranda or other means to rectify the situation. Where does that stand? Or is it just going to be through a rate case?
Marty Lyons: Sure. No, good memory, good recollection. We laid that out there as one of the options that we would have in terms of ensuring this impact to be temporary. However, that’s really not needed if the plan is to file a rate case. We will make the appropriate requests in the context of the rate case we filed in early July and therefore that accounting authority order would not be needed. So as we said on the call, that is our plan as we sit here today is to file that rate case in early July.
Paul Ridzon: So should we model in the $0.075 drag for Noranda in '17?
Marty Lyons: We hadn't give that but to your point, we said on our call today is we expect the impact to be about $0.15 this year. And just to give you an idea of how that breaks down, this year we expect, obviously we experienced in the first quarter about a $0.03 drag on earnings. We expect another $0.03 drag in the second quarter. $0.06 in the third quarter and then $0.03 again on the final quarter of the year in the fourth quarter. So through the first half of this year, about $0.06. To your point, Noranda was up and running to some extent in the first quarter, so I would say an impact in the order of $0.07, $0.06 to $0.07 in the early half of next year until we can get rates updated, is probably a fair assumption.
Paul Ridzon: And why is 3Q so heavily weighted? You have summer rates or...?
Marty Lyons: Yes. Noranda, and we talked about this at some length in our February call, Noranda has differential in rates. So between October and May of each year, the rate has been $31 and during per megawatt hour in June to September about $46. So they have had differential, I will call them winter and summer rates. And so there is a differentiated impact in those various quarters.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Felix Carmen with Visium Asset Management. Please proceed with your question.
Ashar Khan: This is Ashar. Marty, one thing which I read in the queue which I was a little bit surprised was that the change in the FASC. Of course I knew there was some transmission earnings, I guess, that we don't get recovery on a timely basis, but you mentioned that in '16 that could be a gap of like $20 million. So as we file the case next year, is there some way that this gap can be minimized to zero or something to be changed? I'm trying to put that into my model. Is there some way that in this next case filing that this regulatory lag can be eliminated?
Marty Lyons: Sure, Ashar. What you are referring to in the queue, I believe, is that we actually layout what the amount was that was actually included in rates, when rates were set. And then contrast that with the transmission cost that we are actually experiencing in 2016. And so there is a differential there. The transmission costs have grown. During our last rate cast, transmission costs were renewed from recovery in the FAC. And that’s an element of lag that we are experiencing. And so you would expect as we go to file this next rate case, that we would update our cost of service for the transmission cost that we are incurring. And through the rate case process you would expect that increased cost would be incorporated into the revenue requirement.
Ashar Khan: But my question is, is there some way - because I'm assuming the transmission costs are going to keep on going up. So is this going to be a repeat issue like a year after the next rate case we will again have under recovery, or is this just something which is happening this year? That's what I'm trying to kind of like gather.
Marty Lyons: You know Ashar, in the absence of a change in the regulatory framework or some mechanism to avoid that, there would be continuing drag on earnings or regulatory lag associated with that item. So that’s something that certainly we will consider as we go into this next rate case, is how to deal with that. But, absolutely, at this point in time, it is not incorporated into the FAC. I would remind you, Ashar, that overall, we continue to work very hard to earn as close to our allowed return as we can. We have had that lag from transmission since the last rate case and we have been working hard to do what we can to find cost reductions in other areas. We mentioned in the guidance earlier this year that year-over-year as we move from '15 to '16, that we expect overall our operations and maintenance expenses to be down in Missouri and when you normalize for the Callaway refueling and remove the effect of Noranda, we expect to earn within 50 basis points for the allowed this year. So in isolation, absolutely, yes. That transmission, the increases in transmission costs are creating lag for us.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go ahead with your questions.
Brian Russo: Could you remind us of the test year in the most recently concluded Missouri rate case?
Marty Lyons: Yes, I think it was -- you might look, I think it was in 2015, but I can't remember what the exact date was. I will let Doug maybe address it.
Doug Fischer: Yes. The test year was the 12 months ended March 31 of '15 but then a number of things were updated. And then a number of things were updated through the end of the year. Am I giving the year wrong there? '14, I am sorry. End of March '14 was the test year and then we updated for rate base and a number of items through the end of '14. And the rates went into effect in May of '15, late May.
Brian Russo: Okay. So I guess if we wanted to kind of calculate the incremental net plan that you will be seeking recovery of in the July rate case. Could we just, back in the envelope, take your year-end '14 and grow it by the 2% CAGR?
Marty Lyons: Yes. I think we would have to give that one some thought whether that simplified works or not.
Brian Russo: Got it. Okay. And I'm just curious, hypothetically speaking, what happens if you go through the Missouri rate case, you get new rates in effect to reflect the loss of Noranda sales and then Noranda resumes the plant? Is that just incremental excess sales and margin until your next rate case?
Marty Lyons: You know, I don’t know but I would assume that to be the case. As we work through the rate case, maybe there will be clarity brought to that issue. But we wouldn’t want to speculate that there would be some windfall that would be achieved as a result of that.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andy Levi with Avon Capital. Please go ahead with your questions.
Andy Levi: Just two questions. Can you talk about M&A and in the context of Ameren as a buyer?
Warner Baxter: Andy, this is Warner. And so a couple of things. Just in general, as you know from a buyer perspective obviously if you look in the past, we have been a buyer of M&A. But as I have said before and continue to say, our policy has been really kind of, don’t get into the specifics or comment on speculative transactions or M&A activities just in general. That’s not very constructive but as you know, we have grown in the past two acquisitions. But to be clear, our current plan is focused on the plan that I laid out before, and it's on the organic growth in our regulated business. We plan to deliver strong earnings growth that I outlined and it's driven by the rate base growth, of course. And with our strong dividend we believe we will deliver the superior value to our shareholders and ultimately to customers too. And so M&As happen in our space, so that doesn’t surprise us that there continues to be some level of consolidation. And in particular, we continue to be attentive to things going on our space like other companies. But whether we are buyer or anything, that probably takes it one step too further than just what we have done in the past.
Andy Levi: Got it. Okay. Thank you. And then the second question I have is just regarding Missouri Commission. What's the thinking now since the legislation is not getting done that the commission may do some type of workshops this summer to maybe address some of the things in the legislation?
Warner Baxter: So Andy, this is Warner and I will ask Michael Moehn to speak up as well. I think that whether there is going to be a specific workshop, I don’t think there has anything been decided in particular and that’s always a possibility. But I don’t think the commission has come out with a specific statement or ruling that they plan on doing that. Michael, I don’t know...
Michael Moehn: I think that’s right, Warner. I think the commission remains focused on trying to help deal with this regulatory lag issue and I think that that could potentially be an outcome to our work through this summer to help gain some additional support with respect to what we are trying to do here in Missouri.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead with your questions.
Paul Patterson: Just really quickly, I think you guys mentioned the potential for non-comprehensive legislation. In other words, you guys mentioned that you felt comprehensive legislation wasn't likely this session. I was wondering if that meant that there was maybe some other legislative opportunities that you do see potentially and if you could elaborate on that?
Warner Baxter: Sure, Paul. This is Warner. I guess a couple of things. Number one, the session, as I said, ends this Friday. So the reality is, time is very short. And while comprehensive performance based regulation legislation will not pass, at least from our perspective, it doesn’t mean that we still don’t have conversations with key stakeholders to see if we can some level of progress. It's probably not appropriate for me to speculate, frankly, to say what that may or may not look like. We will know in a few short days whether anything happens, but time is short and so while it may be difficult it doesn’t mean that we are not on the table talking to the key stakeholders.
Paul Patterson: Okay. So stay tuned.
Warner Baxter: Stay tuned. It's a good way to put it.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead with your questions.
Steve Fleishman: Going back a while ago, the company used to talk about keeping the parent balance sheet pretty consistent with the utilities and particularly in Missouri that used to be a focus in terms of just making sure there's not a big difference there. Is that still something that you need to monitor and keep in balance or no?
Marty Lyons: Yes, Steve, this is Marty. I think still if you look at our, in the slides that we have got out there today, we look to keep a parent company cap structure around 50% equity. Today I think in our Missouri rates we have got a little north of 51%, Illinois about 50%. You know the transmission business depending on where it's at, [north] [ph] of 51% to 56%, with our hypothetical cap structure for ATXI. So we have over time tried to keep those all in the ballpark in the general vicinity of one another and generally keep strong balance sheets and solid credit ratings.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. But is that just a choice or is there, in Missouri, kind of a risk of some kind of imputation if you were to have a lot more parent or holdco leverage?
Marty Lyons: You know, I guess, Steve, I would say in Missouri we really haven't experienced any sort of look through kind of issue, if that’s what you are getting at. I think over time in Missouri we have been able to demonstrate that the equity in the utility balance sheet hasn’t been funded by any debt at the parent. So largely I would say it's by choice. We think it's good to keep all of those in genera alignment and like I said, keep a strong balance sheet. I don’t think as you look around, in around the state, there is different historical practices in terms of use of the parent company balance sheet or utility specific balance sheet. But it seems more situational versus some bright line test or standard practice.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the floor back to Doug Fischer, Senior Director of IR, for closing remarks.
Doug Fischer: Thank you for participating in this call. Let me remind you again that a replay of the call will be available for one year on our Web site. If you have questions, you may call the contacts listed on our earnings release. Financial analyst inquiries should be directed to me, Doug Fischer, or my associate, Andrew Kirk. Media should call Joe Muehlenkamp. Our contact numbers are on the release. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time and thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q4  (2016-02-19 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Doug Fischer - IR Warner Baxter - Chairman, President & CEO Marty Lyons - EVP & CFO Maureen Borkowski - President of Transmission Operations Michael Moehn - Ameren Missouri Chairman & President
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Glenn Pruitt - Wells Fargo Securities Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann Felix Carmen - Visium
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Ameren Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Doug Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you. Mr. Fischer, you may begin.
Doug Fischer: Thank you and good morning. I am Doug Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today are Warner Baxter, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Marty Lyons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer as well as other members of the Ameren management team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and the webcast will be available for one year on our website at ameren.com. Further, this call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today’s live broadcast and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted on our website a presentation that will be referenced by our speakers. To access this, please look in the Investors section of our website under Webcasts and Presentations and follow the appropriate link. Turning to Page 2 of the presentation, I need to inform you that comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the forward-looking statements section in the news release we issued today and the forward-looking statements and Risk Factors sections in our filings with the SEC. Warner will begin this call with an overview of 2015 results, a business update and comments on our outlook for 2016 and beyond. Marty will follow with more detailed comments on our financial results and outlook. We will then open the call for questions. Before Warner begins, I would like to mention that all per share earnings amounts discussed during today's presentation, including earnings guidance, are presented on a diluted basis unless otherwise noted. Now here is Warner who will start on Page 4 of the presentation.
Warner Baxter: Thanks, Doug. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Today, we announced 2015 core earnings of $2.56 per share, which represents an approximate 7% increase over 2014 results. In addition, we established a 2016 earnings per share guidance range of $2.40 to $2.60, which includes an expected temporary and negative impact reduce sales to Noranda Aluminum and we're pleased to announce updated rate based growth plans of approximately 6.5% compounded annually from 2015 through 2020, which is expected to drive earnings per share growth of 5% to 8% compounded annually from 2016 to 2020, excluding the impact of Noranda on 2016 earnings. We'll discuss these earnings expectations further in a moment. Moving back to 2015 results, the strong 2015 earnings growth compared to 2014, reflected increased FERC-regulated transmission in Illinois Electric delivery earnings, resulting from infrastructure investment made under constructive regulatory frameworks in order to better serve our customers. The earnings comparison also benefited from the absence in 2015 of a nuclear refueling and maintenance outage at the Callaway Energy center and disciplined cost management. These positive variances were partially offset by lower retail electric and natural gas sales volumes, driven by very mild fourth quarter 2015 winter temperatures. The earnings comparison was also unfavorably affected by lower allowed returns on equity and higher depreciation and amortization expenses. Marty will discuss these and other 2015 earnings drivers in a few minutes. Turning to Page 5, I would like to share my perspectives on our 2015 performance. Overall, I believe we delivered strong results for our shareholders and customers in 2015 despite facing several challenges. These results were driven by successfully executing our strategic plan, starting with our focus on prudently investing in and operating our rate-regulated utilities, we continue to allocate significant amounts of capital to those businesses that are supported by constructive regulatory frameworks in order to enhance good reliability and allow customers to better manage their energy usage. In fact, we invested $1.9 billion in utility infrastructure last year with almost 70% or $1.3 billion with this going to projects in our FERC-regulated electric transmission and Illinois electric and natural gas delivery businesses. A significant portion of these investments was made in the Illinois Rivers project where construction is proceeding according to plan with work on the nine line segments and 10 substations well underway and some portions already complete. The strategic allocation of capital and effective execution of these projects, coupled with disciplined cost management, contributed to a higher consolidated earned return on equity and this was accomplished while maintaining our financial strength and flexibility. Moving down the page, we also achieved constructive December rate orders in both our Illinois electric delivery update and natural gas delivery rate cases. Further, we should not forget that earlier in 2015, we were successful in our efficacy efforts to extend Illinois' modernized electric regulatory framework through the end of 2019. That extension had strong bipartisan support because Illinois' regulatory framework is encouraging greater investment and infrastructure, which in turn is delivering better reliability and more efficient modernized grid and significant job creation at reasonable cost to customers. Since 2011, even with the substantial infrastructure we've made Illinois' residential electric delivery prices have increased at a compound annual rate, which is less than 2.5%. Simply put, the Illinois framework is a win-win for customers, the State of Illinois and shareholders. Overall, efforts within each of our regulatory jurisdictions to create and capitalize on investments for the benefit of customers and shareholders are showing positive results. In 2015, we improved distribution system reliability and continued our solid base load energy center performance and our strong operating performance, combined with the fact that our rates remained well below regional and national averages, contributed to improve customer satisfaction. The bottom line is that we're working every day to provide safer and more reliable service to our customers and we achieved this in 2015, despite challenging newer weather conditions, including unprecedented flooding and an ice storm. While I am pleased with the results we delivered in 2015, I am particularly pleased that our team's successful execution of our strategy over the last three calendar years has delivered a peer leading total shareholder return of approximately 60%. As a result and looking ahead, we're going to stay the course and remain focused on executing this strategy. Turning now to Page 6 and our 2016 earnings outlook, we anticipate 2016 earnings to be in the range of $2.40 to $2.60 per share. The primary drivers of the variance between 2015 actual results and our 2016 guidance range are noted on this page and Marty will cover these in more detail a bit later. I want to highlight that our 2016 guidance includes an estimated $0.13 per share reduction and net earnings anticipated to result from significantly lower electric sales to Noranda. I want to spend a few movements on this unique and temporary headwind that we face. Moving to Page 7, here we summarize keep facts about Noranda’s current situation and while we fully expect its impact on Ameren Missouri to be temporary. First, you should know that Noranda operates in aluminum smelter in Southeast Missouri and they are our largest customer. On January 8, 2016, Noranda announced that production has been idled at two of the three top lines and its smelter operation following an electric supply circuit failure. So circuit failure did not occur on assets owned by Ameren Missouri. Further on February 8, 2016, Noranda and its subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions for restructuring under Chapter 11 of the U.S. bankruptcy code due to operating issues as well as very challenging global aluminum market conditions. At that time, Noranda stated that it expected to curtail all remaining operations at its smelter this March. Although it would remain the flexibility to restart operations should condition allow. While we're working closely with Noranda and other key stakeholders on legislation to provide Noranda with long-term globally competitive electric rates, we can't predict at this time whether it will restart its smelter operations. As a result, our 2016 earnings guidance assumes Noranda will not restart any of its top lines this year. We can and will take actions to mitigate the financial impacts of Noranda's outages on Ameren Missouri. Those actions may include seeking recovery of lost revenues in the context in electric rate case or filing with the Missouri Public Service Commission for an accounting authority order. At a minimum in Ameren Missouri’s next electric rate case, we expect the Missouri Commission would accurately reflect Noranda’s ongoing sales volumes, thereby removing the related drag on our perspective earnings. Pending conclusion of Missouri legislative process, we expect to file a Missouri electric rate case this year in order to earn a fair return on investments made to serve customers. As a result, we fully expect the earnings impact from Noranda’s lower sales to be temporary. Turning to Page 8, here we know key areas of focus for 2016 as we continue to execute our strategy. Our FERC regulated transmission businesses will advance to regional multi-value and local reliability projects included in our capital investment plan. In addition, we will continue to work to obtain constructive outcomes in the complaint cases pending that to FERC to seek to reduce the base allowed ROE from MISO transmission owners including Ameren Illinois and ATXI. In late December, a FERC administrative law judge issued a proposed order in the initial complaint case recommending a 10.32% base allowed ROE. We expect the final FERC order in that case in the fourth quarter of this year. Moving to Illinois Electric and Natural gas delivery, Ameren Illinois will continue to invest in infrastructure improvements to upgrade systems to enhance reliability and safety including those under its modernization action plan. This plan includes the installation of approximately 780,000 advanced electric meters and the upgrading of approximately 470,000 gas meters by the end of 2019 including approximately 148,000 electric and 103,000 gas meters this year. Turning now to Missouri where modernizing the regulatory framework remains a high priority. We've been actively engaged in discussions with customers, legislators, state officials and other stakeholders including other Missouri investor-owned utilities to build support for legislation that would modernize Missouri’s existing regulatory framework. An improved framework will allow us to increase investment to replace and upgrade aging Missouri energy infrastructure to enhance reliability and customer service and to retain and create jobs. Earlier, this month Senate Bill 1028 and identical hospital 2495 were filed with the intention of accomplishing these objectives. I will touch more on this legislation in a moment. Finally in another regulatory matter, last week the Missouri Public Service Commission approved a new Ameren Missouri Energy Efficiency plan. This plan will begin March 1 this year and continue through February 2019 and follows on the heels of our very successful three-year energy efficiency plan completed at the end of last year. We believe the new plan, which reflect an agreement between Ameren Missouri and other key stakeholders appropriately balances customer and shareholder interest. They composite this by providing for timely recovery of both energy efficiency program costs and revenue losses resulting from these programs. In addition, the plan provides Ameren Missouri an opportunity to earn performance incentive revenues, which would be $27 million if 100% of the energy efficiency goals are achieved during the three-year period with any such revenues recognized after the plan include. Regarding Ameren wide initiatives for 2016, as you know the U.S. Supreme Court recently stated the EPAs Clean Power plan. This state blocks the plan's implementation until its legality is determined by the courts. A three judge panel of the court of appeals for the D.C. Circuit is scheduled to hear legal challenges to the Clean Power plan beginning on June 2 of this year. We agree with the Supreme Court’s decision. It is in the best interest of our customers and the communities we serve because we believe it is important to know whether this rule will withstand legal challenges before steps are taken to implement it. Of course we can’t predict the outcome of these legal challenges, we remain committed to transitioning to a cleaner, more fuel diverse generation portfolio in a responsible fashion. As a result, we will continue to advocate for responsible energy policies related to the EPAs clean power plan while working with key stakeholders to address important issues associated with the Missouri and Illinois state implementation plans toward the clean power plan ultimately be upheld. Finally we will continue our ongoing efforts to relentlessly improve operating performance including our focus on safety, disciplined cost management and strategic capital allocation with a goal of earning at or close to allowed ROEs. Turning to Page 9, I would now like to discuss the recently introduced Missouri Legislation, Senate Bill 1028 and Identical Hospital 2495 would modernize Missouri’s regulatory framework to support and encourage investment in aging energy infrastructure for all Missouri investor-owned electric utilities for the benefit of their customers. The proposed legislation calls for timely recovery of actual, prudently incurred cost of providing service to customers. It would also provide long-term globally competitive electric rates for energy intensive customers like Noranda. Further, this legislation will include several customer benefits including earning caps and rate stabilization mechanism as well as provide incentives for utilities to achieve certain performance standard. Ultimately, passes of this legislation would be an important step forward for the State of Missouri. This legislation would spur investment in aging infrastructure, support incremental investments in physical and cyber security, it's important environmental upgrades in cleaner generation sources as well as position Missouri’s grip for growth in the future at a time when interest rates remain very low. All this would be done while providing more stable and predictable rates for customers and other appropriate safeguards under the strong oversight of the Missouri Public Service Commission. Importantly, this legislation will create and retain jobs throughout the State of Missouri. It is a win-win for all stakeholders. In upcoming weeks, we expect that additional language will be added to the bills as consensus building is advanced and the bills move through the legislative process. As a result, it would be premature to go through the specific details of the legislation at this time. We're pleased that both Senate and house leadership are supporting this legislation, including key leaders of the Senate Commerce Committee and the House Utilities Committee. Of course and as you know, the legislative process is complex and lengthy. We continue to work with key stakeholders to advance this legislation in a thoughtful yet timely fashion. The legislation session ends on May 13, 2016. Moving onto Page 10 and our long-term total return outlook. In February of last year, we outlined our plan to grow rate base at a 6% compound annual rate for the 2014 through 2019 period. Today we're rolling forward our multiyear plan and I am very pleased to say that we expect to grow rate base at an even higher approximately 6.5% compounded annual rate over the new 2015 through 2020 period. I want to be clear that our new rate base growth outlook incorporates the effects of the recent five-year extension of bonus tax depreciation. You'll recall that late last year, we noted that we were evaluating brining forward into our new five-year investment plan certain reliability projects, which total between $500 million and $1 billion. Our team ultimately brought forward in excess of $1.5 billion of additional Ameren Illinois energy delivery and transmission reliability projects that have now been incorporated into our updated five-year plan. As you can see on the right side of this page, we're allocating significant and growing amounts of capital to our FERC-regulated transmission businesses and Illinois delivery utilities in line with our strategy. Our list of transmission projects is projected to increase FERC-regulated rate base by approximately 20% compounded annually over the 2016 through 2020 period. In addition our Ameren Illinois investments are expected to result in projected natural gas and electric delivery compound annual rate base growth of 11% and 6% respectively over this period. And finally our Missouri rate base is expected to grow at a slower 2% compound annual rate. This level of Missouri growth incorporates increased mandatory environmental expenditures associated with co-combustion residuals. Our updated five-year capital expenditure plan illustrates Ameren's strong pipeline of investment opportunities to address aging infrastructure and reliability needs that we've discussed with you previously. And projects we've brought forward enable us to take advantage of the cash flow stimulus benefits and bonus tax depreciation for the benefit of customers and to more than offset the effects of bonus depreciation and projected rate base. The utility infrastructure investments and projected rate base growth I just discussed will not only bring superior value to our customers but also to our shareholders. We expect earnings per share to grow at a 5% to 8% compound annual rate from 2016 through 2020, excluding the expected temporary net negative effect on 2016 earnings of $0.13 per share as a result of lower sales to Noranda and we expect this growth will compare well with our regulated utility peers. Further we continue to expect compound annual earnings rate growth for the 2013 through 2018 period within the range of 7% to 10%. Looking ahead we will also remain focused on our dividend because we recognize its importance to our shareholders. The Board of Director’s decision to increase the dividend by 3.7% last October for the second consecutive year reflected its competence in the outlook for our regulated businesses and our ability to achieve our long-term earnings and rate based growth plan. We continue to expect our dividend payout ratio to range between 55% and 70% of annual earnings. Of course, future dividend increases will be based on consideration of among other things, earnings growth, cash flows and economic and other business conditions. To summarize, we're successfully executing our strategy across the Board and I’m firmly convinced that continuing to do so will deliver superior value to our customers, shareholders and the communities we serve. Again thank you all for joining us on today’s call and I’ll turn the call over Marty. Marty?
Marty Lyons: Thank you, Warner. Good morning everybody. Turning now to Page 12 of our presentation, today we reported 2015 core earnings of $2.56 per share compared to earnings of $2.40 per share for the prior year. We're pleased to achieve core 2015 earnings that were just above the midpoint of our initial 2015 guidance we provided early last year despite some significant headwinds in the fourth quarter including extremely mild temperatures and the extension of bonus tax depreciation. As you can see there were no differences between GAAP and core results for the fourth quarter of 2015. Moving then to Page 13, here we highlight factors that drove the $0.16 per share increase in 2015 results. Key factors included increased investments in electric transmission and delivery infrastructure in our Illinois and ATXI businesses, which increased earnings by $0.20 per share compared to 2014. In addition the earning comparison benefited from the absence in 2015 of a nuclear refueling and maintenance outage at the Callaway Energy Center, which cost $0.09 in 2014. These refueling outages are scheduled to occur every 18 months. Further earlier last year, the Illinois Commerce Commission approved recovery of certain Ameren Illinois cumulative power usage cost and this had a positive effect on the earnings comparison. Earnings also benefitted from a reduction in parent company interest charges, reflecting the May 2014 maturity of $425 million of 8.875% senior notes that were replaced with lower cost debt. Finally, as Warner mentioned, we continue our ongoing efforts so relentlessly improve operating performance, including managing cost in a disciplined manner. Reflecting this, 2015 other operations and maintenance expenses declined, compared to the prior year for our Missouri utility. Factors having an unfavorable effect on the earnings comparisons included lower retail electric and natural gas sales driven by mild weather. Weather effects decreased full year 2015 earnings by an estimated $0.06 per share compared to 2014. The unfavorable earnings impact of very mild fourth quarter 2015 temperatures is estimated to have been $0.08 versus normal, which more than offset an estimated $0.05 per share favorable impact of weather experienced over the first nine months of 2015. Heating degree days were down about 30% versus normal fourth quarter levels. We estimate that weather normalized kilowatt hour sales to Illinois residential and commercial customers were flat year-over-year, while such sales to Missouri residential and commercial customers decreased about 1%. The decrease in Missouri sales was driven by the residential sector. It is important to note that Ameren Missouri's 2013 through 2015 energy efficiency plan compensated for the negative earnings effects of reduced electric sales volumes resulting from energy efficiency programs. Excluding the effects of these programs, we estimate that sales to Missouri residential and commercial customers would have increased by about one quarter of one percent. For 2015, kilowatt hour sales to Illinois' and Missouri's industrial customers decreased approximately 3% and 4% respectively, primarily reflecting lower sales to large low margin Illinois customers and agriculture and steel making as well as lower sales in Missouri to Noranda. Moving back to the discussion of 2015 results, the year-over-year earnings comparison was unfavorably affected by lower capitalized Ameren Missouri financing cost of $0.06 per share due to a larger balance of infrastructure projects in process and ultimately placed in service during 2014. The earnings comparison was also unfavorably affected by lower recognized allowed ROEs, which reduced the contributions from electric transmission and delivery investments at ATXI and Ameren Illinois by a total of $0.05 per share. Since 2014, our transmission earnings have been reduced by a reserve to reflect the potential for a lower allowed ROE as a result of the pending complaint cases at the FERC. In addition 2015, Illinois electric delivery earnings incorporated an 8.64% allowed ROE compared to 9.14% in 2014. This decline was due to a decrease in the annual average 30-year treasury rate from 3.34% to 2.84%. The 2015 earnings comparison was also unfavorably affected by increased depreciation and amortization expenses of $0.05 per share and finally by the absence of a 2014 benefit resulting from a regulatory decision authorizing Ameren Illinois to recover previously disallowed debt redemption cost. Turning to Page 14 of our presentation, next I would like to discuss details of our 2016 earnings guidance. As Warner stated, we expect 2016 diluted earnings per share to be in a range of $2.40 to $2.60 including an estimated $0.13 reduction related to a significantly lower expected sales volumes to Noranda, compared to 2015. This estimated earnings impact is net of expected revenues from our system sales that Ameren Missouri makes as a result of reduced sales to Noranda. Revenues from these off system sales are allowed to be retained under a provision in the fuel adjustment cost. This estimate incorporate such off system sales in and around the clock in the hub power price, net of an estimated basis differential, reflecting the location of our energy centers. Further, we assume that the two of Noranda's three smelter pot lines that were idled in early January remain out of service. That the third top line is idled in March as Noranda has indicated and that all three of these production lines remain idled for the balance of the year. Finally, as February 8 of this year, the date Noranda filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy, Noranda had prepaid an amount to Ameren Missouri that exceeded its utility service usage. Ameren Missouri expects to be paid in full for utility services provided after February 8, 2016. With this overview, I will now walk through key 2016 earnings drivers and assumptions for each of our businesses. Like 2015 results, expected 2016 earnings reflect increases in FERC regulated transmission and Illinois electric delivery rate base, which are noted on this page. Our projected 2016 electric transmission earnings continue to include a reserve for a potential reduction in the current MISO based allowed ROE, but also incorporate the 50 basis point adder FERC is authorized because of our MISO membership. Further, expected Illinois electric delivery earnings incorporate a formula based ROE of 9% using a forecast of 3.2% for the 2016 average 30-year treasury bond yield. For Ameren Illinois gas delivery service, earnings will reflect new rates that incorporate the higher rate based levels and increased cost included in the 2016 future test year utilized to determine those rates as well as the higher return on equity authorized in the December rate order. Shifting to a comparatively unfavorable item Ameren Illinois electric delivery earnings will reflect the absence in 2016 of $0.04 per share related to the ICC order approving the recovery of power usage cost that I mentioned earlier. Before we move on, I do want to highlight that we recognized that investors are interested in understanding the sensitivity of our outlook to changes in our allowed ROEs given our formula rate making and pending MISO complaint case. Therefore, on this page we've provided estimates of 2016 earnings per share sensitivities associated with hypothetical changes and allowed ROEs. Turning now to Page 15 and 2016 key drivers and assumptions related to Ameren Missouri earnings. The year-over-year earnings comparison is expected to be unfavorably affected by the already discussed estimated net earnings decline related to lower sales to Noranda. Further, as we noted on our earnings call in November, we expect Ameren Missouri’s highly successful 2013 to 2015 energy efficiency program to reduce sales levels in 2016, negatively impacting earnings compared to last year. A portion of this impact will be offset by our performance incentive subject to commission approval. I want to note that Ameren Missouri’s new plan, which Warner mentioned and which becomes effective March 1, will not mitigate the unfavorable effects on 2016 earnings resulting from the prior energy efficiency plan. There are certain key differences between the Missouri Energy efficiency program that ended in 2015 and the new program that begins next month. The 2013 through 2015 program compensated Ameren Missouri in each of those years for the mediate and longer term financial impacts of energy efficiency program initiated in each of those years, which is leading to 2016 financial headwinds. For 2016 through 2019 program is again designed to fully compensate Ameren Missouri for the financial impacts of the energy efficiency programs; however, excluding the potential for performance incentive payment in 2019 in any given year, the impacts are expected to be earnings neutral. The earnings comparison is also expected to be unfavorably affected by Ameren Missouri regulatory lag reflecting depreciation, transmission and property tax expenses that are higher than the levels collected in rates. Finally, a Callaway nuclear refilling and maintenance outage scheduled for the spring of 2016 is expected to reduce earnings by $0.09 per share. Shifting now to factors that are expected to favorably affect Ameren Missouri’s earnings comparison. We estimate that other operations and maintenance expenses not subject to riders or regulatory tracking mechanisms will decline. This expectation is the result of our lean continuous improvement and disciplined cost management efforts. Overall, our goal remains to earn at or close to our allowed ROEs in all of our jurisdictions but this goal continues to be challenging assuming normalized annual level of Callaway refueling outage expenses, but exclude the net earnings impact of reduced sales to Noranda, we expect Ameren Missouri to earn 50 basis points of its 9.53% allowed ROE. Before I leave the discussion of 2016 expectations for our Illinois and Missouri utilities, I would like to discuss our sales outlook. As noted on Pages 14 and 15, our return to normal temperatures in 2016 would benefit Ameren's earnings by a combined estimated $0.03 per share compared to 2015. We expect combined Illinois and Missouri weather normalized kilowatt hour sales to residential and commercial customers to be roughly flat compared to last year, partially reflecting the previously mentioned effects of our Missouri energy efficiency programs that ended in 2015, the new 2016 energy efficiency programs as well as energy efficiency programs in Illinois. Turning to industrial customers, combined Illinois and Missouri kilowatt hour sales to this group are expected to be flat to up slightly compared to last year, excluding the anticipated decline in sales to Noranda. Moving now to parent and other cost, during the fourth quarter of last year, we issued long-term debt at the Ameren parent company to repay short term borrowings. While this new long-term debt was issued at a low cost it will have an unfavorable effect on the 2016 earnings comparison. Further, on an Ameren consolidated basis, we forecast our 2016 effective income tax rate will be about 38% comparable to the 2015 core effective tax rate. And finally, this earnings guidance reflects no change in average basic common shares outstanding from the prior year level. Moving then to Page 16, for 2016, we anticipate negative free cash flow of approximately $790 million. On the right side of this page, we provide a breakdown of approximately $2.2 billion of planned 2016 capital expenditures with about two thirds in jurisdictions with constructive regulatory frameworks. We expect to fund this year's negative free cash flow and debt maturities with a mix of cash on hand in short and long-term borrowings. Turing to Page 17 of the presentation, here we provide an overview of our $11.1 billion of planned capital expenditures for the 2016 through 2020 period. First let me provide further details on the type of projects included on our strong five-year growth plan and particular focus to those jurisdictions with modern constructive regulatory frameworks. The increased Illinois electric delivery investments will address aging infrastructure and support system capacity additions and reliability improvements. These include substation breaker and transform replacements, underground residential distribution replacements, line builds and re-conductor projects as well as capacity additions and line hardening. Planned investment increases in Illinois natural gas delivery target safety and reliability improvements and consist of gas transmission, coupled steel system and gas storage filled compressive replacements as well as regulator station rebuilds and upgrades and other system rebuilds where conditions warrant. And to add Ameren Illinois local transmission investments will enhance reliability and includes age and condition based replacements of structures, shield wire, conductors, transformers, breakers, switches and other equipment. Of course in Missouri, we will continue to make prudent investments to provide safe and adequate service. The expected funding sources for these infrastructure investments are listed on this page. In particular, we expect to benefit from approximately $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion of income tax deferrals and tax assets over the five years ending in 2020. The tax deferrals are driven primarily by our planned capital expenditures in the recent five year extension of bonus tax depreciation, which added about $930 million to this expectation. The tax assets totaled approximately $630 million at year end 2015 with approximately $430 million of these at the parent company, which are not currently earning a return and we expect these tax assets to be realized into 2021. Given our expected funding sources, we do not expect to issue additional equity through this planning period. We remain committed to funding our capital expenditures in a manner that maintains solid credit metrics and this is reflected in our capitalization target of around 50% equity. Now turning to Page 18 I will summarize, we delivered strong 7% core earnings per share growth in 2015 and we are successfully executing our strategy. We also expect earnings per share to grow at a strong 5% to 8% compound annual rate from 2016 through 2020, excluding the expected temporary net effect of lower sales to Noranda this year. This earnings growth is driven by approximately 6.5% compound annual rate base growth over the 2015 through 2020 period based on a mix of needed transmission, distribution, generation investments across multiple regulatory jurisdiction for the benefit of our customers. When you combine our superior earnings growth outlook with Ameren’s dividend, which now provides investors with an above peer group average yield of approximately 3.7%, we believe our common stock represents a very attractive total return potential for investors. That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: Thank you (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith from UBS. Please go ahead.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi good morning.
Warner Baxter: Good morning, Julien.
Marty Lyons: Hello Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: So let's just walk first through here are some of the assumptions baked into your new long-term CAGR if you will, can you clarify the sales growth embedded in that and specifically here what I'm getting at is the latest energy efficiency program. Is that factored in and to what extent does that impact your assumptions in the program? And then separately just you were clear about this, no cash taxes through that new period as well correct? And then perhaps a third point if you will, what are the assumptions baked in, in terms of the treasuries in that 5% to 8% period or 5% to 8% CAGR?
Warner Baxter: Sure Julian all good and reasonable questions. So let’s start with the growth rates. As we announced today 5% to 8% expected compound annual EPS growth from 2016 through 2020. Obviously the key there the big drivers rate base grow and as we announced today, we’ve got 6.5% compound annual rate base growth planned for the period 2015 to 2020, which obviously is smack in the middle of that earnings per share growth range as well and that rate base growth is the foundation. And we’d say that -- I’d say that that growth rate of 5% to 8% incorporates a range of outcomes in terms of treasury rate assumptions. As you know that over time in our planning, we look at consensus estimates for growth in the third year treasury rate, which today I think economists are expecting it to raise about 200 basis points between now and 2020. But when we look at that growth rate range it accommodates a number of alternatives both that increase in treasury rates over time as well as even a low interest rate environment like the one we’re in persisting over this period of time. So it incorporates a range of outcomes in terms of treasury rate assumptions, ROEs, regulatory decisions, changes in economic conditions etcetera. In terms of sales growth, our embedded in our forecast over this time is about flattish, sales growth through this period, but for the energy efficiency programs, we would expect to see modest growth, but as a result of the programs that we’ve got in place, we do expect it to be pretty flattish over this period of time.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it and then…
Warner Baxter: Sorry, go for it. I was to say did I miss any of your questions?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Cash taxes just to be clear.
Warner Baxter: Yeah just to be clear with bonus depreciation, which is I mentioned on the call had an impact of more than $900 million we now don’t expect to be a federal cash tax payer until 2021.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: That’s what I thought excellent. And then just a brief follow-up if you will, what is the expected impact on the balance of your customers given what’s going on with Noranda? How significant of customer inflation are we talking about here or potentially?
Warner Baxter: Yeah I think it's premature to really -- and it' pretty premature as I'd say get into that. We'll -- as we mentioned on the call, we're going to obviously watch the Noranda situation closely. Pending conclusion of the legislative process, expect to file a rate case and I think at that point we'll see what that impact might look like.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Great. Last details since you mentioned it, what's the test year on that rate case you're thinking?
Warner Baxter: Really premature to get into that to Julian. Look, I think that what's happened with Nuranda and their outage is very recent, certainly unfortunate. We're watching the situation closely and making plans for the potential to file in that rate case, but it would be premature to get into what the test year would be at this time. Clearly as we do think about that case, we're thinking about the situation with Nuranda also thinking about capital expenditures rate base that we have planned for later this year as well as other cost drivers of our business and so all of this things are going into our thoughts about the timing of that rate case and as you mentioned things like test year considerations.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: I apologize, one slight clarification, you said 200 Bps over the period. That's 200 Bps over the 3.21 you embedded in your current year.
Warner Baxter: No I'm saying that I did. I think where economists are today Julien out in 2020 is around that 4.8%. So it's about not 200 basis points above where at the current 30-year treasury really sits today.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay. Great. Thank you. 
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead.
Paul Patterson: Good morning guys. 
Warner Baxter: Good morning, Paul.
Marty Lyons: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson: On the long-term growth rate if you could -- how does the Missouri legislation -- proposed legislation get into this? Are we talking -- and the 2% rate base growth, does that include -- how does I guess let me ask you this, what's included in terms of the legislative, potential legislative outcome in the growth rate and that's what I'm asking.
Warner Baxter: Yeah sure let me Paul, let me talk about that. Consistent with the guidance that we've provided in the past and as you look at this new guidance it is not dependent upon any change in the regulatory framework in Missouri. We've had about 2% rate base growth guidance in our prior guidance. We've got about 2% rate based growth incorporated into this guidance and as we mentioned on the call have incorporated into the capital expenditures in Missouri some incremental cost of compliance with environmental regulations. But it doesn't -- the growth rate that we've got here both in terms of the rate base as well as the earnings growth doesn't -- isn't dependent upon some change in the Missouri regulatory framework.
Paul Patterson: Now before you guys have indicated and I think you suggested us today that your rate base growth has been stronger in Illinois because of the regulatory treatment, which it seems the Missouri legislation might give you something similar to that. So is there upside potentially within this growth rate or would it be within the growth rate if you got the Missouri thing if you follow me. In other words how much rate base growth in Missouri might it increase if you were to get the legislation you're proposing.
Marty Lyons: Yeah sure it's reasonable question, I think it's certainly premature to speculate whether legislation would -- how much that might impact capital expenditure plans. I would go back to -- we feel very good about 5% to 8% earnings per share growth rate and 6.5% rate based growth rate. We think those are very solid growth rates compared to our peers and to your point to the extent that we do have a change in the Missouri regulatory framework I think we have to step back and assess whether to the extent that we did have additional capital expenditures would they be incremental to this growth rate. Or would we modify the capital expenditures plans we have and still delivered I'd say within this 5% to 8% earnings growth range. So look if that does take place, if there is a change in the framework we'll step back and we'll update as appropriate.
Warner Baxter: Thanks and Paul this is Warner. I would just imply I agree of course with everything that Martin just said, but no doubt that the one thing that we've been very clear about that if we have the ability to enhance this framework to support investment in Missouri, we will do so. And how that fits into the context of the big picture plan, as Marty said that's something we'll step back and access. But we would expect to put more money to work in Missouri and we think there is significant opportunities to do this, to address aging infrastructure, to address things like reforms renewable energy, to address things like cyber and physical security, go down the line including some of the advance technologies that we're putting to work over in Illinois. These were things that Missouri needs and things that we would clearly be looking at.
Paul Patterson: And just to circle back on Julian's question with respect to the interest rate, the treasury, it looks like right now that we're talking about 30-year around 2.6 and I guess you guys have a higher number for this year and it doesn't look like it's that big a change in EPS. But just in general how should we think about your projections versus what we're seeing right now. You said these economists are projecting this, but just you guys give a little bit more of a flavor for that.
Marty Lyons: Yeah. Sure Paul. So in the slides to your point we give a sensitivity around Illinois ROEs that have 50 basis point change in the ROEs is about 2.5% for our Illinois electric distribution business. So to your point treasury rates today are lower than what we have embedded in the guidance. But we've had that situation before as well and certainly we have been able to deliver on our overall earnings guidance. And so that $0.025 as I mentioned for 50 basis points $0.025 variants is not a large number but we continue to monitor it and we'll continue to manage our business around it. In terms of the longer term, as I was saying the 5% to 8% earnings growth target but the foundation Paul is the 6.5% rate base growth and that 6.5% rate base growth as I said is smacked out in the middle of that range and that really anchors that growth. And as I said then there is a range of treasury rates around it. Certainly not meaning to imply that it was -- we were dependent upon a 200 basis point rise in treasury to hit the midpoint of that guidance. The upper end to that range, the lower end to that range incorporates higher treasury rates or perhaps current or lower treasury rates. So there is a range of treasury rate assumptions that go into that 5% to 8%. The midpoint again is anchored on that rate base growth at 6.5%.
Paul Patterson: Great. Thanks a lot guys.
Marty Lyons: Sure Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd from Morgan Stanley. Please go ahead.
Stephen Byrd: Hi, good morning.
Warner Baxter: Good morning, Stephen.
Marty Lyons: Good morning, Stephen.
Stephen Byrd: Most of my questions have been asked and answered, just had one on energy efficiency. Marty I think you laid out I believe that effectively in the planet it should be a relatively neutral impact. There is some negative in terms of impacts to demand but you also have an incentive. How do you think about the mechanics of that going forward relative to historical experience with it? In other words just do you see is it fairly balanced in terms of the upside versus the downside or for example is there a potential for upside given the $27 million potential incentive? How should we think about that as you bake that into your plan?
Marty Lyons: Sure Steve, I appreciate that. Yes, I would say the $27 million is there to be an incentive for us. So it's our goal as we go into these energy efficiency programs to really have these perform for our customers and we are incentivized to achieve the goals and we look forward to hitting the marks to be able to earn that $27 million performance incentive. Between now and then, the way the new program is designed is to really be earnings neutral, that as we get these programs underway here in 2016 lead to the extent that there are negative impacts on our sales that those will be offset by revenues provided under the program. We wanted to be clear on the call and hopefully were that in 2016, 2017, 2018, those programs shouldn't produce either in that positive or negative result. It should be earnings neutral over that period. But like I said, we're incentivized to provide good programs to our customers, valuable programs to our customers and if we're successful in doing that, which we expect to be would put ourselves in a position to earn that performance incentive in 2019.
Stephen Byrd: Understood and already that performance incentive will be one-time payment in 2019, is that correct?
Marty Lyons: Yes, that's right.
Stephen Byrd: Got it. Okay, that's all I had. Thank you very much.
Marty Lyons: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon from KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Paul Ridzon: …and would you file for an accounting order around Nuranda and when could do you possibly click revenues or book revenues?
Marty Lyons: Paul this is Marty. I think the first part of your question may have gotten cut off. Can you repeat the full question?
Paul Ridzon: Sure. When do you expect to file for an accounting order in Missouri related to Nuranda and when do you think you could start offsetting the losses?
Marty Lyons: Yeah Paul this is Marty again. Yeah in the call I think what we have clarified was that there are couple of different things, one has to do with the temporary nature of this impact. And that ultimately it's a temporary impact because as we file a rate case and we incorporate the reduction the sales to Nuranda then that impact would go away in terms of the overall revenue requirements and our revenues will be formulate in the context for rate case. What an accounting authority order would potentially allow you to do would be able to defer the impact of these lost revenues between now and when rates are reset for potential recovery of those costs. And we could either do that as an accounting authority order or also as we pointed out in the call, you could make that request as part of a rate case. So there is a couple of alternatives there. I think one key is that it's not -- there is really no time limit on that meaning if you were to file an AAO it wouldn’t just be for prospective impacts. You could also request it as part of that to recover the lost revenues from the date the incident first happened forward in time. So there is not really a clock ticking on that. So we'll consider those options as I said before certainly very unfortunate what's happened with Nuranda here in January with the outage. They still have one part running. They've announced that they do expect to shut that down. But I think we'll let that play out and see ultimately what does happen and then consider these regulatory options that I just laid out.
Paul Ridzon: So there is $0.13 of potential upside to guidance if you're able to get some sort of relief?
Marty Lyons: It's theoretically yes. I think the important thing to know when we think about this being temporary is that we do expect to pending completion of this legislative process. We would expect to file a rate case and ultimately that's what we'll stem these financial impacts. But yes, theoretically through the AAO or through the request as part of the rate case, these lost revenues could be recouped. However, you should know that that may not occur to the extent it does occur, it may not occur in 2016. But again to the extent you requested this as part of the rate case, would be more likely that to the extent that those -- collection of those revenues was granted by the commission that, that earnings impact will be reflected in 2017.
Paul Ridzon: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys congrats on a good year. Just looking through the Bill in Missouri and I only looked at the Senate once, so if the house one is very different my apologies. There is not a lot of detail to the bill and so a lot of times bills will -- a placeholder will get published or put out and the bill will get flashed out over time. Can you talked to us about like what some of the incremental detail you would be seeking to add to that bill would be.
Warner Baxter: Good morning, Michael, this is Warner and I'll start and then Michael Moehn and certainly jump in. I think a couple of things to think about. Number one that the sponsors of the bill, they thoughtfully consider whether to immediately file a comprehensive bill or as you say -- I would say an outline of key objectives. I think that the objective there is to file the outline to give stakeholders the ability to provide input into certain approaches it might be utilizing the bill and so that's really where things stand today. I think the outline is pretty clear in some of the areas that will be covered, but the specifics are still being worked out and so I think as you saw we talked about, we're clearly going to be focused on issues around addressing regulatory lag especially those associated with investment, that's outlined in the bill. Certainly important consumer benefits whether it be in the forms of earnings caps, rate caps or even performance standards similar to types of things we've seen successfully employed in Illinois. And I think importantly what's embedded in all of that is strong oversight will continue by Missouri Public Service Commission. So it will be premature to go into details. I think those kind of specifics that are reflected in the bill that stands today, I would expect to see in the bill when it's found in its entirety and so when that is out, there will be a greater ability to kind of go in more detail with you and certainly the rest of the investors.
Michael Lapides: Got it and one other thing. When you're thinking about the potential and Warner you mentioned there are lots of opportunities for investment, when you think about the potential, is it kind of on the margin or incremental or is it significant and structural? When I say significant and structural, I think what you've done in Illinois since the 2011 law passed has been a structural change in the investment opportunity in a single state given a change in regulation. Do you view Missouri as being a potential another Illinois or just having an opportunity for a marginal uptake in investment?
Warner Baxter: Michael, this is Warner. Look I think at the end of the day and we've had these conversations, I think there are several alternatives that are being considered out there. We've been clear in our conversations that we've seen the Illinois framework and how well it's working and how it's delivering for customers and the State of Illinois that's part of the conversation. And of course there are other pieces of the conversation that are being discussed amongst stakeholders as well, but no doubt, we see the significant structural changes happen in Illinois and we see the significant benefits that's being delivered. Those kind of conversations are clearly being had.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thanks Warner. Much appreciated.
Warner Baxter: You're welcome, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Glenn Pruitt from Wells Fargo. Please go ahead.
Glenn Pruitt: Hey guys. My question is regarding your transmission investment. So of the $3 billion that you have planned through 2020, I see that there is about $690 million planned for '16. How back-loaded do you expect the remaining investment to be?
Marty Lyons: Glenn, it's a reasonable question and I don't really have the full layout of the transmission. I'll tell you that overall though on our capital expenditure plan that it's pretty evened out over this period of time. Obviously, one of the things we're looking to do over time is to be able to achieve steady rate based growth and so when you look at that $11 billion of overall capital expenditures that are planned for the five-year period, and you look at our CapEx today, which is about $2.155 billion, it's a little below the average of $11 billion of five-year spend. So over this period of time, we're looking to spend in any given year I would say, anywhere between that $2.155 billion up to about $2.350 billion over this period of time and obviously again trying to achieve as best we can to steady rate base growth through time. Obviously in Missouri, where you've got periodic rate cases that can be a little bit lumpier, but again over time, the goal is to have that steady rate base growth through the deployment of capital.
Glenn Pruitt: Okay. Great. Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Brian Russo from Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go ahead.
Brian Russo: Hi. Good morning.
Warner Baxter: Good morning, Brian.
Marty Lyons: Hi Brian.
Brian Russo: In the event that you don't get the accounting order to cover for Noranda's lost sales, how should we look at kind of the general rate case strategy? I believe you said the legislature ends in May. So that would probably with or without legislation that would kind of trigger the rate case and then assuming what like a 12 month rate case process that puts you somewhere towards later first quarter of '17 or early second quarter for new rates?
Warner Baxter: Sure, let me -- the rate case processes in Missouri take 11 months. So you're right about when the legislative session ends. So we’ll be thinking about those things as I mentioned thinking about again like I said rate base addition and the timing of cost to increase and things like that. One other thing to think about with respect to Noranda and we mentioned this on the call is just how their rates are structured. Their rate is lower during the period of October through May at around $31 per megawatt hour and then from June to September its around $46 per megawatt hour. So that margin differential and the impact on us is something we would be mindful of too as we look out to the conclusion of a rate case and when new rates would go into effect in the 2016 timeframe. So, those are all things that we would be mindful of.
Brian Russo: Thank you. And I think earlier you mentioned that embedded in your guidance is about 50 basis points of lag in the Missouri jurisdiction. Is that like the historical norm for you guys or is that due to the temporary or the O&M containment efforts that you are pursuing?
Warner Baxter: Sure, what we said in the call and is on the slide is that we expect to earn within 50 basis point of the allowed and it really is a factor of some of the lag that we are experiencing in 2016. I mentioned the effects of some of the energy efficiency programs and some of the headwind we’ve got there. Some of the other things we identified obviously on the call just ongoing depreciation, transmission cost, you recall that formerly we had transmission cost in the FAC, but they came out in the last rate case. So as those costs have increased that’s creating lag and then property taxes and so all of those things are creating headwinds as we roll into 2016. As I mentioned we’ve worked very hard and we have plans in place to offset a good part of that with reductions in year-over-year operations and maintenance cost. And obviously we don’t give all of those details on the pluses and minuses on the call, but did want to provide you some frame of reference that net of all of those things and again if you exclude the Noranda impact, but you do go ahead and include a normalized level of Callaway refueling cost that we would expect to earn to within 50 basis points so that allowed. Our goal going forward as it has been in past is just try to earn as close to our allowed as we can that remains our goal.
Brian Russo: Okay, great. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Felix Carmen from Visium. Please go ahead.
Felix Carmen: Hi, guys how are you doing? Just two quick questions on the Noranda thing, I know it’s a temporary thing in nature, but can you just walk us through the high level math and how you get into the $0.13?
Marty Lyons: Yeah, sure. This is Marty again. In terms of the $0.13, we do have the opportunity as a result of the fuel adjustment clause to be able to retain margins on our system interchange sales that we make as a result of the reduced sales volumes to Noranda. So when we look at it, we look at the differential between the rates that Noranda would have been paying and the price that we can get for those kilowatt hours in the wholesale markets. When we look at that and around the clock price today and anyhow is probably around $27 per megawatt hour, but there is also a negative basis differential to our plans and frankly over the past couple of years that’s been running 15% to 18% kind of a basis differential. So, those are the factors that we take into consideration and the calculation of that expected $0.13 drag on 2016 earnings.
Felix Carmen: Okay. So it does assume some offset from the wholesale sales.
Marty Lyons: Yes it does.
Felix Carmen: Okay. And then can you just provide us a little bit of guidance on how that's falls through the quarters in '16?
Marty Lyons: I guess the best I can tell you when you -- through the quarters is just again to go back to Noranda’s rate and then you can go ahead and look at power prices, but the Noranda rate again between October and May is about $31 per megawatt hour and then during June to September its about $46 per megawatt hour. So that's how their rates break down and then you got to compare it to what you think the off system sales price might be for each of those periods.
Felix Carmen: Okay. So there is some lumpiness that should be the assumption right?
Marty Lyons: Yes, there is some lumpiness and if you just looked at the Noranda revenues, you would say that the bigger impact would be in those summer months.
Felix Carmen: Okay. Great. Appreciate it. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we have no further questions in queue at this time. I would like to turn the floor back over to management for closing remarks.
Doug Fischer: This is Doug Fischer. Thank you for participating in this call. Let me remind you again that a replay of the call will be available for one year on our website. If you have questions, you may call the contacts listed on today’s release. Financial analyst inquiries should be directed to me, Doug Fischer, or my associate, Andrew Kirk. Media should call Joe Muehlenkamp. Our contact numbers are on today’s News Release. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude our teleconference for today. You may now disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2015 Q3  (2015-11-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Doug Fischer - Senior Director, Investor Relations Warner Baxter - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Marty Lyons - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Maureen Borkowski - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Ameren Transmission Company Michael Moehn - Chairman and President, Ameren Missouri
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin Smith - UBS Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Gregg Orrill - Barclays David Paz - Wolfe Research
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to Ameren Corporation Third Quarter 2015 Earnings Conference Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the country over to your host, Mr. Doug Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you. You may begin.
Doug Fischer: Thank you and good morning. I am Doug Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today are Warner Baxter, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Marty Lyons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer as well as other members of the Ameren management team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and the webcast will be available for one year on our website at ameren.com. Further, this call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today’s live broadcast and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted on our website a presentation that will be referenced by our speakers. To access this, please look in the Investors section of our website under Webcasts and Presentations and follow the appropriate link. Turning to Page 3 of the presentation, I need to inform you that comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the forward-looking statements section in the news release we issued today and the forward-looking statements and Risk Factors sections in our filings with the SEC. Warner will begin his call with comments on third quarter financial results, full year 2015 earnings guidance and a business update. Marty will follow with a more detailed discussion of third quarter results and an update on financial and regulatory matters, including 2016 earnings considerations. We will then open the call for questions. Before Warner begins, I would like to mention that all per share earnings amounts discussed during today’s presentation, including earnings guidance, are presented on a diluted basis unless otherwise noted. Now here is Warner who will start on Page 5 of the presentation.
Warner Baxter: Thanks, Doug. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Today, we announced solid third quarter 2015 earnings of $1.41 per share compared with earnings of $1.20 per share in the prior period. The earnings advance reflected higher retail electric sales volumes resulting from warmer summer temperatures that were near normal for the quarter. The warmer weather raised earnings by an estimated $0.09 per share compared with 2014. Consistent with our strategic plan, year-over-year earnings comparisons are also benefiting from the significant investments we are making to better serve our customers. These investments continue to be weighted toward our Illinois transmission and electric and gas delivery businesses that operate under framework supportive of infrastructure investment. Further, the seasonal rate redesign and variances in the timing of revenue recognition and the formula ratemaking for our Illinois electric delivery business positively affected the comparisons for the quarter, as did a lower effective income tax rate. These positive variances were offset in part by lower recognized allowed ROEs for our electric transmission and delivery businesses, regulated by the FERC and ICC. I am also pleased to report that our core earnings were $2.44 per share for the first nine months of 2015, which reflects a strong increase from $2.21 per share for the year ago period. These results exclude certain items we discussed with you during our second quarter conference call. Based on these solid results, today, we also narrowed our 2015 core earnings guidance to a range of $2.55 to $2.65 per share, which is at the upper half of our prior core earnings guidance of $2.45 to $2.65 per share. Turning now to Page 6, here we reiterate our strategic plan. Simply put, the execution of this strategy delivered the solid results I just reported to you and I strongly believe it will deliver superior long-term value to both our customers and shareholders. I would like to highlight some of our year-to-date efforts and accomplishments towards this end. Overall, I am very pleased with our team’s performance through September as we continue to deliver solid value to our customers across all of our businesses. In particular, we continue to allocate significant amounts of capital to those businesses that are supported by modern, constructive regulatory frameworks to enhance good reliability and allow customers to better manage their energy usage, among other things. As you can see, we invested $886 million or about two-thirds of our $1.3 billion of year-to-date capital expenditures in jurisdictions with these modern, constructive regulatory frameworks. This was a 17% increase over the amount invested in these jurisdictions during the same period last year. Approximately $475 million was invested in FERC-regulated electric transmission projects, including the ongoing construction of ATXI’s $1.4 billion Illinois Rivers transmission project. Construction is well along on the first of nine line segments of this project with wires being strung across all 132 erected pole structures. Further, foundation work is underway on three additional line segments as is construction of all 10 substations. In addition, I am pleased to note that in September, the Illinois Commerce Commission issued a certificate of public convenience and necessity with approximately $150 million Spoon River project. We are now proceeding with right-of-way acquisition and line construction in this project is expected to begin late next year. We also have a request pending at the Missouri Public Service Commission for certificate of public convenience and necessity for the approximately $225 million Mark Twain project in Northeastern Missouri and we expect the decision early next year. All three of these transmission projects, Illinois Rivers, Spoon River and Mark Twain are MISO approved multi-value projects. Regarding the cases pending at the FERC challenging MISOs based allowed ROE of 12.38% for electric transmission services, we expect the FERC administrative law judge to issue an initial decision in the first of two complaint cases later this month. However, the final FERC orders are not expected until 2016 in the first case and 2017 in the second case. We continue to advocate for an ROE level that is fair and one that will incentivize the transmission investment needed to ensure a robust grid for our nation. Turning to Page 7 of my presentation, let me provide an update on the execution of our strategic plan at Ameren Illinois. Here, we invested approximately $410 million in electric and natural gas delivery infrastructure projects in the first nine months of this year, including those that are part of Ameren Illinois’ Modernization Action Plan. This work, enabled by the state’s Energy Infrastructure Modernization Act, continues to provide significant value to our customers and the state of Illinois. Notably, our work remains on track to meet or exceed the investment, reliability, advanced metering and job creation goals of the act. We have also been focused on achieving positive resolutions of our pending Illinois electric delivery formula rate update proceeding and natural gas delivery rate case. Earlier this week, we received a constructive proposed order from the administrative law judges in our natural gas delivery case. In a few weeks, we expect an order from the ALJ in our electric delivery case, where the differences between the parties have been narrowed to $4 million or less. At the end of the day, based on the progress to-date between the parties and both of these cases, we are optimistic that we will receive constructive decisions from the ICC in December. Moving to Missouri electric service, here the regulatory framework is not as constructive as those of FERC or Illinois. Nonetheless, it is our goal to earn at or close to our allowed rate of return in all our jurisdictions. Of course, this objective is more challenging in Missouri given the use of a historical test year and a lengthy regulatory approval process, among other things. As we have done in the past, we are working hard to mitigate this lag by leveraging ongoing, enterprise-wide lean continuous improvement efforts while aggressively pursuing cost reductions throughout our operating and support organizations. And when necessary, we will seek adjustments to our Missouri rates to address regulatory lag and to earn a fair return on the investments we are making for the benefit of our customers. One area where Missouri had historically been a leader in terms of a constructive framework was in energy efficiency. Since 2013, Ameren Missouri has been executing on a comprehensive 3-year energy efficiency plan under the Missouri Energy Efficiency Investment Act or MEIA. The MEIA has provided electric utilities with the appropriate incentives to make investments in energy efficiency for the benefit of our customers. I am pleased to say that Ameren Missouri’s first 3-year plan has been even more successful than we anticipated which has resulted in substantial benefits for our customers. Earlier this year, we had a filing with the Missouri Public Service Commission, which started to extend these energy efficiency programs for another 3 years, utilizing a similar structure as well as incorporating best practices learned from our first program. Unfortunately last month, the Missouri commission issued an order rejecting our proposed plan. This is disappointing because we believe our proposal provided clear benefits to customers while balancing the interest of shareholders. Under MEIA, proposing an energy efficiency plan is voluntary and we are evaluating our next steps. Finally I should note, we continue our relentless advocacy efforts with Missouri’s policymakers and key stakeholders to enhance the existing regulatory framework to address regulatory lag and support investment. While we continue to be appropriate investments in Missouri to ensure safe and adequate service, Missouri is falling behind other states in modernizing its energy policies and energy infrastructure. That is why we continued to relentlessly advocate for better policies to support investment in Missouri. Our message to Missouri policymakers and stakeholders remains simple and straightforward. Modernizing the state’s regulatory framework is essential to support needed investments to upgrade aging electric utility infrastructure in a timely manner and to create jobs. We continue to communicate that such modernization will yield benefits similar to those at the state of Illinois and many other states around the country are realizing today and is clearly in the best long-term interest of our customers and the economic vitality of Missouri as a whole. And while no final decisions have been made, we continue to look very closely at potential legislative solutions to address this matter during the upcoming 2016 legislative session. Turning now to Page 8 and our long-term growth outlook, in February of this year, we outlined our plan to grow rate base at a solid 6% compound annual rate over the 2014 through 2019 period. As the graphics on this page illustrate and in line with our strategic plan, this growth is being driven by the allocation of significant amounts of capital to FERC-regulated electric transmission in Illinois Electric and natural gas delivery services because these jurisdictions provide constructive regulatory frameworks and the investment benefits to all of our customers. To that end on our second quarter call, we noted that we have identified $500 million to $1 billion of potential investments in our Illinois transmission and electric and gas delivery businesses, which will be incremental to those included in the 2014 through 2019 rate base growth plan we outlined in February and illustrated on this page. We are evaluating these incremental investments as part of our normal annual planning process. These incremental Illinois investments would be directed to the monetization, reconstruction and replacement of aging electric and natural gas delivery infrastructure such as transmission and distribution lines, breakers, transformers and underground network facilities. It would sustain and improve reliability for our customers and would primarily occur after 2016. We will provide an update on our year end call in February when we roll forward our long-term investment outlook. Turning now to Page 9, in addition to the progress we are making in executing our plans for the current 5-year period, we are focused on creating and capitalizing on additional opportunities beyond 2019. With the support of constructive Illinois ratemaking, we expect to continue making significant investments to enhance the reliability and safety of our electric and natural gas delivery systems in the state. Further, we expect to continue to invest in local electric transmission projects, which maintain and enhance reliability in our service territory, including projects to meet NERC requirements. In addition, our transmission development team continues to pursue FERC-regulated regional electric transmission projects focusing on projects in MISO, the PJM Interconnection and the Southwest Power Pool. Finally, we expect to pursue local and regional transmission opportunities to connect renewable energy sources and natural gas fired generation expected to be built to comply with the Clean Power Plan. Turning to Page 10, in Missouri we have numerous opportunities for additional investment. These include the installation of advanced meters and replacement of aging transmission and distribution infrastructure. We also expect that our plan for complying with the Clean Power Plan will provide incremental investment opportunities, including those in renewable energy sources and natural gas fired generation. The impact of the final Clean Power Plan on our operations, infrastructure investment plans and customers rates in Missouri and Illinois will be driven by those states implementation plans, which may not be finalized until 2018. While this rule will face legal challenges, we are committed to working constructively with state agencies, energy providers and other stakeholders in each state to develop implementation plans that provide customers with electric service that is reliable and reasonably priced. And as we have stated previously, we expect any compliance investments to be recovered in rates. The bottom line is that we believe that the investment opportunities I just described across all of our companies have the potential to provide significant benefits to our customers and shareholders. Turning now to Page 11, I am pleased to note that last month, our Board of Directors increased our quarterly dividend to $0.425 per share, reflecting confidence in the outlook for our regulated businesses and our ability to achieve our long-term earnings plans. This is a 3.7% increase from the prior quarter’s dividend, resulting in an annualized equivalent rate of $1.70 per share. Looking ahead, we continue to expect our dividend payout ratio to be between 55% and 70% of annual earnings. Of course, future dividend increases will be based on consideration of, among other things, earnings growth, cash flows and economic and other business conditions. Turning now to Page 12, let me conclude my comments by reiterating that we are successfully executing our strategy and delivering strong earnings results. Looking forward, we have a superior long-term earnings growth outlook, driven by above peer average rate base growth that is focused on investments in jurisdictions with constructive ratemaking. In addition, our shares provide a current yield of about 3.9%, which is also superior to the average of our peers. We believe this earnings growth outlook and dividend provide a very attractive total return potential for investors. We are committed to executing the strategy I have just discussed with you today and we believe that we will deliver superior long-term value to both our customers and shareholders. Again, thank you all for joining us on today’s call. Now, I will now turn the call over to Marty to cover some of the matters I discussed in greater detail.
Marty Lyons: Thank you, Warner. Good morning, everyone. Turning now to Page 14 of our presentation, today we reported third quarter 2015 earnings of $1.41 per share compared with earnings of $1.20 per share for the prior year period. There were no adjustments to GAAP earnings for these third quarter periods. Moving to Page 15, here we highlight factors that drove the $0.21 per share increase in third quarter 2015 results. Key factors included higher retail electric sales volumes, driven by warmer summer temperatures, which increased earnings by an estimated $0.09 per share. Third quarter 2015 temperatures were near normal compared with the cooler than normal summer temperatures experienced in the prior year period. So for the year-to-date period, weather remains an estimated $0.05 favorable compared to normal, primarily driven by the colder winter temperatures. Before I leave the subject of electric sales volumes, I would like to briefly report on these for the year-to-date period. We estimate that weather normalized kilowatt-hour sales to Illinois residential and commercial customers increased by approximately three quarters of 1%, while such sales to Missouri residential and commercial customers decreased by approximately three quarter of 1%. The increase in Illinois sales volumes all users by the commercial sector while the decrease in Missouri sales was driven by the residential sector. It is important to note that Ameren Missouri’s current energy efficiency plan compensates for the negative earnings effects of reduced electric sales volumes resulting from the plant’s programs. Excluding the effects of these programs, we estimate that sales to Missouri residential and commercial customers would have increased by 0.25%. For the first nine months of 2015, kilowatt hour sales to Illinois’ and Missouri’s industrial customers decreased about 1% and 1.5% and about 4%, respectively, reflecting lower sales to a large, low margin Illinois agricultural customer and lower sales to our largest Missouri customer, Noranda Aluminum, due to a reduction in consumption at its aluminum smelter. Moving back then to a discussion of the quarter’s results. The third quarter earnings comparison was also positively affected by increased investments in electric transmission and delivery infrastructure using formulaic ratemaking, which increased earnings by $0.05 per share compared with the year ago quarter. In addition, the third quarter earnings comparison benefited by $0.06 per share due to a seasonal rate redesign and the timing of revenue recognition under formula ratemaking, each related to Ameren Illinois’ electric delivery service. Year-to-date, these two timing-related items had a $0.02 per share net favorable impact on results and we continue to expect they will have no net effect on the full year 2015 earnings. Finally, third quarter earnings benefited by $0.02 per share from a lower effective income tax rate. Moving to factors that had an unfavorable effect on the third quarter earnings comparison, the contributions from electric transmission and delivery investments at ATXI and Ameren Illinois were reduced by a total of $0.03 per share because of lower recognized allowed ROEs. Transmission earnings for the year ago quarter incorporated the current MISO base allowed ROE of 12.38%. However, since the fourth quarter of last year, our transmission earnings have been reduced by a reserve to reflect the potential for a lower allowed ROE as a result of the pending complaint cases at the FERC. Regarding third quarter 2015 Illinois electric delivery earnings, these incorporated an 8.67% allowed ROE compared with 9.25% in the year ago period. This decline was due to a decrease in the assumed annual average 30-year treasury rate from 3.45% to 2.87%. Of course, fully year 2015 Illinois electric delivery earnings will incorporate the actual 2015 average 30-year treasury rate. Turning now to Page 16, first, as Warner highlighted, we now expect our 2015 core earnings to be in the range of $2.55 to $2.65 per share, which is at the high end of our previous guidance range. On this page, we list select items for you to consider as you update your earnings outlook for the remainder of the year. I will comment on a few of these items. First, let me remind you that last year, we earned $0.19 per share in the fourth quarter. Of course, we had a Callaway Energy Center refueling and maintenance outage in the fourth quarter of last year. The absence of the Callaway refueling outage this year is expected to boost fourth quarter 2015 earnings by approximately $0.08 per share compared with that year ago period. Second, over the balance of this year, we also expect increased earnings from our FERC-regulated electric transmission and Illinois electric delivery services as we continue to make significant infrastructure investments under formula ratemaking. Moving to factors that are anticipated to negatively affect the fourth quarter 2015 earnings comparison, these include a higher effective tax rate, reflecting an unusually low rate in the year ago period. This is expected to reduce earnings by approximately $0.04 per share. In addition, the absence of a 2014 benefit resulting from a regulatory decision authorizing Ameren Illinois to recover previously disallowed debt redemption costs will reduce earnings by $0.03 per share. Before we leave our discussion of this year, I would like to mention that we now expect to issue long-term debt at the Ameren parent company and Ameren Illinois during the fourth quarter to repay a substantial portion of their short-term debt. We believe now is a prudent time to reduce short-term borrowings. We have been making primarily to help fund our capital investments, including our investments in FERC-regulated transmission. Turning to Page 17, I will now update you on select pending regulatory matters. As Warner mentioned, our annual Illinois electric delivery formula rate update filing is pending at the ICC. This filing supports an increase in 2016 electric delivery service rates of $109 million. The ICC staff supports an annual increase of $107 million and other parties are recommending a $105 million increase. An ICC administrative law judge recommendation in this case is expected next week with an ICC final decision in December and new rates effective in January. Moving then to Page 18, we also have a natural gas delivery rate case pending in Illinois, in which we have requested a $45 million annual rate increase based on a future test year ending in December 2016. Earlier this week, the ICC administrative law judges hearing the case recommended a rate increase amount that was consistent with our request based on a future test year and incorporating a 9.6% ROE, up from the current 9.08% ROE. The ALJs also recommended approval of our request for a volume balancing adjustment for residential and small commercial customers. This would ensure that changes in natural gas sales volumes did not result in the over or under-collection of revenues from these classes. We expect the ICC to issue a decision in December, with new rates effective in January. Turning now to Page 19, as previously mentioned, there are two complaint cases pending at the FERC seeking to reduce the base allowed ROE for MISO transmission owners, including Ameren Illinois and ATXI. The anticipated schedules for these cases are outlined on this page. Moving now to Page 20, we plan to provide 2016 earnings guidance and update our longer term rate base and earnings growth outlook when we release fourth quarter 2015 earnings in February. However, here we list select items to consider as you think about our earnings outlook for next year. I will highlight some of the more noteworthy ones. Earnings from our FERC-regulated electric transmission activities are expected to benefit under forward-looking formula ratemaking from higher rate base from investments and projects at Ameren Illinois and ATXI. For Ameren Illinois electric delivery service, we also anticipate increased earnings in 2016 compared with 2015, again reflecting additional infrastructure investments made under formula ratemaking. The allowed ROE will be of course the average 2016 30-year treasury yield plus 5.8%. For Ameren Illinois gas delivery service, we expect new rates to be in effect in order to reflect rate base levels and increased cost contained in our 2016 forward test year rate case filing. Moving to a comparatively unfavorable item, Ameren Illinois electric delivery service earnings will reflect the absence in 2016 of $0.04 per share of 2015 earnings related to an ICC order approving the recovery of power usage costs. For Missouri, the 2016 earnings comparison is expected to be negatively affected by about $0.09 per share for the Callaway nuclear refueling and maintenance outage scheduled for the spring of 2016 as again there is no refueling outage in 2015. In addition, we expect increases in depreciation, transmission and property tax expenses. Next, as Warner noted, the Missouri Commission recently rejected a new proposed three-year energy efficiency plan, which would have begun in January 2016. We are studying the order and evaluating whether to file another proposed plan with the Missouri Public Service Commission. Regardless, we do expect to see continuing reduced load from Amren Missouri’s highly successful 2013 to 2015 EMEA energy efficiency program bleed into 2016. Given that we haven’t finished the 2015 program year, it’s premature to estimate what the carryover impact of the current programs will be on 2016. We will provide an update on our sales expectations in February. A portion of the impact of this load reduction will be offset by a performance incentive expected to be recognized in 2016 from the 2013 to 2018 program subject to commission approval. Finally, for Missouri, we expect 2016 earnings will benefit from a decline in operations and maintenance expenses, not subject to riders or regulatory tracking mechanisms, excluding, of course, Callaway refueling outage expenses. This expectation is the result of our lean continuous improvement and disciplined cost management actions and is consistent with our ongoing efforts to align our spending with the Missouri regulatory framework and decisions as well as economic conditions. Finally, turning to Page 21, I will summarize our comments this morning. As Warner discussed, we continue to successfully execute our strategy. We have delivered strong earnings year-to-date and expect our 2015 core earnings per share to be in a range of $2.55 to $2.65 per share at the high end of our previous guidance range. In addition, we have a superior, long-term earnings growth outlook, driven by an above peer group average rate base growth plan that is focused on utility infrastructure investments in jurisdictions with modern, constructive ratemaking. In addition and as we discussed during our second quarter conference call, we expect to finance our growth through 2019 without the need for equity. When you combine our superior earnings growth outlook with Ameren’s recently increased dividend, which now provides investors with an above peer group average yield of approximately 3.9%, we believe our common stock represents a very attractive total return potential for investors. That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: Thank you. At this time we will be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line Julien Dumoulin Smith with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Hi, good morning. Can you hear me?
Warner Baxter: We can Julien. Thank you.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Excellent. Well, congratulations on the results. I wanted to first ask you on parent debt issuances, can you elaborate given the upcoming issuance, how much you are thinking and how you think about general targets there?
Warner Baxter: Good question, Julien. I don’t want to get into specifics in terms of the amount at this point. But if you take a look at the balance sheet, we have about $783 million I believe, of short-term debt that’s outstanding. And as you look through the K, you will see – or Q you will see that, that balance really resides up at the parent and its money that we have been borrowing on a short-term basis to fund these long-term investments we are making in transmission assets. So we feel now it’s a good time. As we said on the call, expect to refinance a substantial portion of that with long-term debt. But I don’t want to get into specifics on amount here yet.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Alright, great. And then secondly, you have talked a lot about transmission, but I would be curious to hear your thoughts following the Wood River announcement yesterday and potential for Clinton retirements, what does that mean for transmission? And perhaps more broadly, how do you think about the transmission CapEx budgets in light of MISO planning and also should you get an ROE reduction, how does that drive your thinking into this 4Q update on transmission?
Warner Baxter: Well, Julien, this is Warner. A lot of questions in there, so I think that to kick that off, we will let Maureen Borkowski, who is the President of our transmission operations give you sort of a general sense on some of your initial questions.
Maureen Borkowski: Hi Julien. Thanks for the questions. First of all, with regard to either Wood River or Clinton, which Clinton has not, at this point in time definitively said anything. We work with MISO to define what additional transmission investment is needed to maintain the system reliably. And then we would move out on developing any projects or making any upgrades that were necessary. I would point out that any of those would be reliability investments and therefore would not be subject to FERC Order 1000, but we would make those investments ourselves. I am not sure about the rest of your questions. Could you kind of repeat what else you were asking?
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Yes. I mean I was just thinking more broadly, where do we stand on the MISO planning process in light of say PPP and then just in light of getting the FERC Order 1000 processes going, how do you think about the transmission budget. And then perhaps also a related question would be, if you do get an ROE reduction, does that negatively impact your CapEx budget?
Maureen Borkowski: So this is Maureen again. With regard to the Clean Power Plan and with regard to FERC Order 1000, we don’t currently have anything reflected in our current CapEx to address either of those issues. We do believe that the MISO may be having a very small FERC Order 1000 project approved this year, which would then go out with an RFP next year. And with regard to the Clean Power Plan, MISO is actively working on developing a transmission expansion plan to address what they believe would be some of the impacts of the state plans. Again, we would expect to see more of that later next year or even into 2017. With regard to the ROE, all I can say is we still firmly believe that FERC understands the need for continued transmission development and they also understand that the ROE that they set does impact the capital allocation of utilities. And if they want that investment to continue, they need to keep the ROE healthy.
Julien Dumoulin Smith: Alright, excellent. Thank you, guys for the time.
Warner Baxter: Thanks Julien.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson: Good morning.
Warner Baxter: Good morning Paul.
Paul Patterson: With respect to the legislative outlook, can you give us a flavor as to what may have changed there that might make you feel more optimistic about something happening, if anything has changed. And just give us a bit of a flavor for what we might be seeing in the spring?
Warner Baxter: Paul, this is Warner. I will comment and then Michael Moehn, if he has any additional comments, I will ask him to join. But in terms of what’s different, I think there are a couple of things just to be mindful of. None of these things ultimately guarantee success, but there are some differences. I think number one, as we said before, we have seen very clearly the constructive outcomes that are resulting from the changes in the Illinois framework, constructive outcomes, which are benefiting customers and clearly benefiting the entire state of Illinois and so it isn’t just one year. We are seeing several years of those constructive outcomes and those are certainly notable. I think the second thing to be mindful of is that earlier this year, the Governor issued his comprehensive energy plan that included a host of things. But also incorporated in there was the recognition for the need to modernize the framework to support investment. So I think that too is something that will be I am sure a subject of discussion during the upcoming session. Certainly, I think when you look around at the nation and as you follow, I think it’s becoming clear as part of our conversations with key stakeholders across the state that Missouri is lagging behind in terms of their framework, their policies and their investment. So you put all those things together. I think those two are differences. Coupled with the fact that we do have new leaders, both in the House and the Senate and we look forward to working very closely with those new leaders, not just next year, but in the years ahead. So all those things I think are certainly, you asked for what were some of the differences, those are just some of the highlights, I would point out there. In terms of solutions look, the bottom line is that there are a lot of solutions that have been – that are out there that we have talked about in the past. But also ones that are being used, utilized across the country. So I think these are things that we look at, but more importantly we discuss with stakeholders because whether there is any legislative initiative that goes forward, it will be informed by those conversations with the key stakeholders across the state. So Michael, I will ask you if there is anything else to add.
Michael Moehn: Well said, Warner. I mean I certainly wouldn’t want to overstate the importance of the comprehensive state energy plan, but really it was a thoughtful document, it was a collaborative process, really brought together through both utilities as well as environmental groups and others. And there are a number of recommendations in there about modernizing the electric infrastructure, enacting legislation that provides for accelerated grid monetization, performing Missouri’s utility ratemaking process. And so there really is a framework, I think to bring forth these discussions with a number of interested parties and trying to see that happen because there is a number of things in there they would like to get done as well. And so I think it really does provide a catalyst to try to put something forward.
Paul Patterson: I did notice it as well. But I guess what I am wondering is I mean, outside of an actual legislative change, what should we think would be the timing for the next Missouri rate case?
Warner Baxter: I would say Paul, this is Warner again. Look I think as we discussed during our last call, there have been no decisions on the next Missouri rate case. And as we have said in our talking points, we will be mindful of regulatory lag and the need to file a rate case to make sure that we earn a fair return on those investments. So, no decision has been made, but we have to file a rate case within four years. And so generally speaking, that takes you – if that’s under the fuel adjustment cost provisions. And so that takes you out sometime until 2018 where we would have to file, but up until then, it is one of those things that we continue to study.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then on energy efficiency, if you could just elaborate a little bit more on the rejection of your plan and you mentioned you were thinking about perhaps re-filing it? Just anymore you could tell us about that?
Michael Moehn: Yes, sure. This is Michael Moehn. I think it was unfortunate that we thought we were addressing the Commission’s concerns. We had a number of parties that had actually signed on supporting our plan, but I was making down to a couple of things. It was really the Commission desire to apply and utilize an after the fact evaluation in measurement and verification process that really prevented us from recording the revenues associated with those lost sales. And there was also – they are very focused on reducing demand and our programs are really designed on reducing energy. And so those are couple of things that we just – we have to go back and think about it and see if there is a solution forward. These are important programs. They really have worked well. I think everybody has benefited from them, shareholders, customers. And so we would love to see them come back and so we are trying to be very thoughtful about that process and think about what the next steps would be here in the very near future.
Paul Patterson: Okay. But sales growth after 2016, I mean, you mentioned that there is a lag effect in terms of, you still expected to impact usage in 2016, but we should expect – what do you think the impact in 2017 if there is no new plan to replace it? How should we think about your projections for sales growth in 2017 and beyond?
Warner Baxter: Paul, this is back to Marty again. Yes, we did talk about in the call that we expected to have some bleed over into 2016. And largely I think that will be a function of how 2015 programs wrap up. So, it’s premature to really talk about how much that maybe in ‘16. But we wouldn’t expect meaningful impacts from sales from the current programs beyond 2016. In fact, never really even when we did envision additional energy efficiency programs going forward, never really expected a meaningful effect on earnings when you look out to, say like a 2018 time period. So, short answer to your question, expect an impact from ‘16, expect that to be diminished as we get into ‘17 and again never expected really a meaningful impact overall in 2018. One thing why you are on that energy efficiency, Paul, but I do want to clarify, I am told that earlier in the call, I talked about the performance incentive we would receive in ‘16 and I may have misspoken and said that related to the 2013 to 2018 period. What I meant to say is it relates to the 2013 to 2015 program that we will be wrapping up later this year.
Paul Patterson: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Warner Baxter: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Ridzon: One of the big drivers in the quarter you said was some rate design timing issues. Kind of, I guess, what quarters did you borrow that from to make this quarter strong and will have a fourth quarter impact? 
Marty Lyons: I get your question. This is Marty again. So yes, we did have a seasonal rate redesign that did affect the timing of margins and earnings recognitions for the year. I mentioned that it was a $0.06 positive in the quarter. However, it’s mostly, I will call it repayment from prior periods. So, on a year-to-date basis – on a year-to-date basis, it’s a positive $0.02. And then we expect that $0.02 to go away through the fourth quarter. So, that by the end of the year, it’s flat with no net impact on net margins or earnings.
Paul Ridzon: Thank you. That helps. And then what was weather like in the fourth quarter of ‘14 relative to normal?
Warner Baxter: I think we have got that. If you look on Slide 16, where we give our fourth quarter earnings guidance, you will see down at the very bottom that we expected to be a slight negative impact on earnings in the fourth quarter by negative $0.01. So, we had about a $0.01 of positive weather last year and expect – you got it.
Paul Ridzon: And then when you issue – it sounds like you are going to issue most of the long-term debt to pay down short-term at parent and less so in Illinois?
Marty Lyons: Didn’t really comment on that. What we said was that we plan to do long-term debt issuance at both the Ameren parent company level at this point as well as at Ameren Illinois here in the fourth quarter.
Paul Ridzon: And that would get picked up in your next formulaic rate resetting?
Marty Lyons: That is correct. The cost of long-term debt whatever that maybe at Ameren Illinois, would get picked up in the next regulatory filing.
Paul Ridzon: And when is that filing?
Marty Lyons: I think that filing would be next spring, April or May of next spring.
Paul Ridzon: There might be a little bit of lag there in higher debt cost?
Marty Lyons: Well, the way it works again, formulaically is we will true up our revenues this year based upon our actual cost of service this year, our year end rate base. And so we will factor that into whatever true-up that we do reflect. And then the filing we would make next April with the Commission would be to seek recovery of any differential or a refund to customers if that was appropriate. But again, the whole program is designed that there would be no lag. The revenues we reflect in each year are a function of that year’s cost and that year’s rate base and cost of capital. So, there is really no lag in Illinois in terms of an earnings perspective.
Paul Ridzon: So it will get picked up in the true up?
Marty Lyons: Yes.
Paul Ridzon: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore ISI. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Gordon: Thanks. Good morning, gentlemen. The way that the energy efficiency program worked, were you getting an incentive for performance that was on a one-year lag or is the – so you would get sort of ‘14 and ‘13, ‘15 and ‘14, etcetera or you are getting – is this a payment that you are getting for the cumulative impact of the program and so what happens sort of once every several years?
Marty Lyons: Yes, Greg. This is Marty. So, the incentive that we expect to recognize in 2016 is really for that full period, 2013, 2014 and 2015.
Greg Gordon: Got it. So, if I think about the moving parts here, we can talk more about this on Monday when we see you at EI. There will be some offset to top line revenue from the incentive payment. Is that – are those the only two moving parts to this or is there something else that gets into the mix in terms of understanding the net impact of the energy efficiency program or is it just those two pieces?
Marty Lyons: Well, as you look into 2016, that is correct. Those would be the two moving pieces, absent the new energy efficiency program put in place, there would be the bleed over impact into 2016 if the prior year’s programs partially offset by the expectation of these incentive payments.
Greg Gordon: Okay.
Marty Lyons: As you look into 2016, those are the moving parts. If you look back historically, it’s been a function of not only the reduction in sales, but the net shared benefits that we have received that once the 3-year program ends those go away. So, it’s really – as you look into 2016, you do have the two components.
Greg Gordon: Okay. So, what was this next year benefits component and was that on a calculated on sort of contemporaneous year basis or was that calculated on a lag?
Marty Lyons: It was calculated on a – I guess a contemporaneous year basis, not exactly sure what you mean by that, but basically...
Greg Gordon: Meaning that – saying that the calculation of the benefit happened in the same year as the calculation of the savings.
Marty Lyons: Yes. So, it was actually calculated based upon the programs and what incentives were actually provided to the customers and the expected benefits that were to be received from the customers over as a result of those programs. So, I think it was contemporaneous. What you do is you provide the customer an incentive. There would be an expected benefit there in terms of energy use savings and then a percentage of that was reflected in that year in terms of net shared benefits. And as we have shown in the slides, it was basically a present value of the expected benefits to be received from the customer from those programs offered in that year.
Greg Gordon: Okay, I get it. So in ‘16 over ‘15, you won’t be getting – you won’t be – you won’t have any programs, so you won’t be getting that revenue. There will be a bleed over effect of the impact of the prior year’s programs, but then you will get the bonus, which happens every several years and then we move on from there?
Marty Lyons: You got it.
Greg Gordon: Thank you. I will see you in a few days.
Warner Baxter: Thanks Greg.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lapides: Hi guys. Quick one here, you mentioned the positive impacts of lower O&M next year, how material was that, how are we – how should we think about that relative to the slight year-over-year headwind due to the having a Callaway outage, like which one is bigger or smaller, do they offset, etcetera?
Marty Lyons: Michael obviously, we are not giving guidance today. We wanted to give you some of the overall moving pieces. So I don’t think I really want to get into quantifying the overall magnitude. We continue to work hard as we said on the call to leverage our continuous improvement efforts to be disciplined in our management of cost, be disciplined in our management of our capital and we are continuing to do those things. But I think premature at this point to really get into quantifying the pluses and minuses on 2016.
Michael Lapides: Where do you see is the biggest opportunities to realize cost savings?
Marty Lyons: Michael Moehn will again jump in on that one.
Michael Moehn: Hi Michael, it is Michael Moehn. I think it’s – as we think about the program, we have had conversations about this in the past that it really is across the entire business. I mean I think that it’s anywhere from generation to the distribution side, to the overhead as well. And so we are probably 3 years, 2.5 years into this 5-year program. We are making great progress. I mean it’s really based on two things; workforce productivity and deploying technology to drive efficiency. There are obviously bigger areas based on where some of the spend is within energy delivery and some of the power plants, but it is equally being deployed throughout the organization.
Warner Baxter: So Michael, I would just add, this is Warner that two things. We talk a lot about Missouri, but as Michael said it isn’t just in Missouri, it’s across our entire organization, which includes our business and corporate services. But I will tell you, we have a disciplined approach across all of our businesses, both in Illinois as well as in transmission. So this is something we work together as a team and something that we will continue to work out together as a team going forward.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thanks guys. Much appreciated.
Warner Baxter: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gregg Orrill with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Gregg Orrill: Yes. Thank you. How much have you reserved year-to-date for the transmission ROE and is that just at ATXI?
Marty Lyons: Gregg, this is Marty. I think we will – definitely, when we file our Q, which we expect to do later today, we will have that number. I believe the number is about $36 million. But check the Q for to be sure. And really that’s been reflected both at ATXI as well as in Amren Illinois, so it’s basically proportionate to the rate base that we have got in those two jurisdictions.
Gregg Orrill: And that will be pretax?
Marty Lyons: Legal entities, I should say.
Gregg Orrill: That’s pretax, I assume?
Marty Lyons: Yes.
Gregg Orrill: Okay, thank you.
Marty Lyons: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Paz with Wolfe Research. Please proceed with your question.
David Paz: Hi, good morning.
Warner Baxter: Good morning.
David Paz: Can you quantify the potential investments associated with the NERC requirements ballpark?
Warner Baxter: David, I don’t think we can. I mean I think that in terms of exactly what those are we have certainly given, as you well know our planned rate base growth for 2019 that’s got transmission investments in there. Some of those are for NERC projects, especially those that are within Ameren Illinois. We don’t call them out separately. There are certainly NERC-related projects happening in Missouri as well. And then also, as we have mentioned, that while we got there 6% rate base growth out through 2019, it doesn’t yet – hasn’t yet been updated to reflect any of the $500 million to $1 billion of incremental projects that we are evaluating. As you know, it’s a third, a third, a third between Illinois distribution, electric distribution, gas distribution and FERC regulated transmission portion of those monies too could go to towards NERC reliability projects. But David, I can’t really break out within the current disclosed program over the $500 million to $1 billion specifically how much is NERC-related.
David Paz: Okay. But so when you talk about the potential investments from those, it’s really embedded in that $500 million to $1 billion or already other aspects of your plan?
Warner Baxter: Right, David.
David Paz: Okay. And then on your consolidated – looking out the consolidated balance sheet, what is your target equity ratio and where did you end the quarter?
Marty Lyons: Yes. So if you actually look at the last page of our attachments to our press release, you will see a stats page and we are right around 50-50 debt and equity at the end of the quarter. And over time, that’s approximately where we want to be from a debt to equity perspective.
David Paz: Got it. Okay. And just on customer growth, have you provided what you are seeing in terms of the level of growth, particularly in Missouri, not sales growth but customer growth?
Marty Lyons: No, we didn’t comment on that earlier. In Missouri, this year, year-to-date, we have seen some growth, but it’s been modest. I think the residential customer accounts up about 0.3%, commercial customer account up about 0.7%. The industrial customer account unfortunately is down about 0.8%. But we have been seeing a little bit of growth in the residential and commercial areas in Missouri.
David Paz: Okay, great. Thank you.
Marty Lyons: Very good.
Operator: Thank you. Mr. Fischer, there are no further questions at this time. I would like to turn the floor back to you for any final concluding remarks.
Doug Fischer: Thank you for participating in this call. Let me remind you again that a replay of the call will be available for one year on our website. If you have questions, you may call the contacts listed on today’s release. Financial analyst inquiries should be directed to me, Doug Fischer, or my associate, Andrew Kirk. Media should call Joe Muehlenkamp. Our contact numbers are on today’s news release. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2015 Q2  (2015-07-31 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Doug Fischer - Senior Director, Investor Relations Warner Baxter - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Marty Lyons - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Analysts: Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann Glenn Pruitt - Wells Fargo David Paz - Wolfe Research Andy Levi - Avon Capital Kevin Fallon - SIR Capital Management
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Ameren Corporation Second Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Doug Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Ameren. Thank you, Mr. Fischer. You may now begin.
Doug Fischer: Thank you and good morning. I am Doug Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today are Warner Baxter, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer and Marty Lyons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, as well as other members of the Ameren management team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and the webcast will be available for 1 year on our website at ameren.com. Further, this call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today’s live broadcast and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted on our website a presentation that will be referenced by our speakers who may use terms or acronyms which are defined in the presentation. To access this presentation, please look in the Investors section of our website under Webcasts & Presentations and follow the appropriate link. Turning to Page 2 of the presentation, I need to inform you that comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the forward-looking statements section in the news release we issued today and the forward-looking statements and risk factors sections in our filings with the SEC. Warner will begin this call with comments on second quarter financial results, full year 2015 earnings guidance and a business update. Marty will follow with a more detailed discussion of second quarter results and an update on financial and regulatory matters. We will then open the call for questions. Now, here is Warner who will start on Page 4 of the presentation.
Warner Baxter: Thanks, Doug. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. Today, we announced second quarter 2015 core earnings of $0.58 per share compared with core earnings of $0.62 per share in last year’s second quarter. Results reported today, we remain on track to deliver solid earnings growth in 2015 and expect that 2015 core earnings to be in the range of $2.45 to $2.65 per share. Key drivers of our second quarter core earnings are listed on this page. I will highlight a couple of them and Marty will discuss each of these drivers later in the call. Consistent with our strategic plan, year-over-year earnings comparisons are benefiting from the significant investments we are making to better serve our customers. These incremental investments continue to be targeted towards our electric transmission and delivery businesses that operate on their formulaic ratemaking. However, in the second quarter of 2015 milder weather grow retail electric sales volumes and earnings lower than second quarter 2014 levels. Further, seasonal rate redesign and variances in the timing of revenue recognition and the formulaic ratemaking in Illinois also negatively affected the comparisons for the quarter and year-to-date periods, but these effects are expected to reverse over the remainder of the year. Our second quarter 2015 core earnings do exclude two unusual items. Those are results from discontinuing operations, primarily reflecting recognition of a tax benefit related to the favorable resolution of an uncertain tax position and a loss provision resulting from discontinuing the pursuit of a construction and operating license for a second nuclear unit in Ameren Missouri’s Callaway Energy Center. This relates to development costs incurred in 2008 and 2009 and is reflected in continuing operations. While we continue to believe nuclear power must be an important clean energy source for our company and country, as evidenced by the 20-year license extension we received this past March for our Callaway Energy Center, this loss provision was driven by recent changes in vendor support for licensing efforts at the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, our assessment of long-term capacity needs, declining cost of alternative generation technologies and the regulatory framework in Missouri among other things. Again, Marty will discuss second quarter earnings in more detail in a few minutes. Turning now to Page 5, here we reiterate our strategic plan. We remain focused on executing this strategy and strongly believe that we will deliver superior long-term value to both our customers and shareholders. I would like to highlight some of our year-to-date efforts and accomplishments towards this end. These include our continued strategic allocation of significant amounts of capital to those businesses whose investments are supported by modern constructive regulatory frameworks, which provides fair, predictable and timely cost recovery and also deliver long-term benefits to our customers. This capital allocation is illustrated in the graphic on the right side of this slide. As you can see, we invested $556 million of our $846 million of capital expenditures for the first half of this year in jurisdictions with these modern constructive regulatory frameworks. This represents about 65% of our first half 2015 total capital expenditures and is an 11% increase over the amount invested in these jurisdictions during the first half of 2014. Approximately $300 million was invested in FERC-regulated electric transmission projects in the first half of this year driven by ongoing construction work on ATXI’s $1.4 billion Illinois Rivers transmission project. Construction is well underway on the first line segment with more than 80% of the 132 tower structures already erected. Completion of this segment is expected next year. Further, foundation construction is underway on two additional line segments, as well as 8 of 10 substations. In addition, I am pleased to note that in May, the Missouri Public Service Commission approved a certificate of convenience and necessity for the 7-mile Missouri portion for the Illinois Rivers project. Turning to ATXI’s Spoon River project in Northwestern Illinois, just last week, Illinois Commerce Commission Administrative Law Judges issued a proposed order recommending approval of a Certificate of Convenience and Necessity and we expect the ICC to issue an order later this year. We also have a pending request at the Missouri Public Service Commission for Certificate of Convenience and Necessity for the Mark Twain project in Northwestern Missouri and expect a decision early next year. All three of these transmission projects, Illinois Rivers, Spoon River and Mark Twain, are MISO-approved, multi-value projects. With regard to the cases pending at the FERC, challenging MISO’s base allowed ROE of 12.38% for transmission services, we and other MISO transmission owners continue to strongly advocate for an ROE level that is fair and that will continue to incentivize the transmission investment needed to ensure a robust grid for our nation. Marty will give you more details in a moment, but I would like to point out that first consideration of these cases is expected to extend into 2016 and 2017. Turning to Page 6 of our presentation, let me provide an update on the execution of our strategic plan at Ameren Illinois. We invested approximately $250 million in Illinois electric and natural gas delivery infrastructure project in the first half of this year, including those that are part of Ameren Illinois’ modernization action plan. This work, enabled by Illinois’ Energy Infrastructure Modernization Act is on track to meet or exceed its investments, the liability, advanced metering and job creation goals. Ameren Illinois customers are experiencing fewer and shorter power outages as a result of electric grid updates. System modernization program began in 2012 the installation of storm-resilient utility poles, automated switches and an upgraded distribution grid have resulted in 238,000 fewer annual electric service interruptions on average. And when customers do experience an outage, Ameren Illinois is restoring power 19% faster on average than in previous years. Further, installations of advanced electric meters were ahead of schedule. In 2015, Ameren Illinois plans to deploy 142,000 electric meters at customer locations in Central Illinois and Southern Illinois. Also more than 330 employees and an additional 1,000 contract workers have been hired to support investments in Ameren Illinois’ electric system and operations. As a result, we are on track to repeat our full time equivalent job creation commitment. All of these benefits are being driven by the forward thinking and constructive regulatory frameworks that support investment in Illinois. Of course, all of this progress requires timely recovery of our investments and constructive regulatory outcomes. We are clearly focused on achieving positive resolutions for our pending Illinois electric delivery from the rate update preceding and natural gas delivery rate case. While Marty will cover these cases in more detail a bit later, I will mention that earlier this week, Ameren Illinois, Illinois Commerce Commission staff, the Citizen’s Utility Board, and the Illinois Industrial Energy Consumers filed a stipulation and agreement on issues in our pending natural gas delivery case. This agreement includes a 9.6% ROE, among other things, which compares to the current allowed ROE of 9.08%. We look forward to the ICC’s decision in this case later this year. In Missouri our efforts are well underway to align operating and capital spending with the electric rate order we received in April as we pursue our goal of earning at/or close to our allowed ROE. We are leveraging ongoing enterprise-wide lean continuous improvement efforts with the natural attrition we are experiencing with our workforce, as well as aggressively pursuing additional cost reductions throughout our supply chain, among other things. And finally, we are continuing our relentless advocacy efforts of Missouri’s policymakers and key stakeholders. Our message is simple and straightforward. Modernizing the state’s regulatory framework is essential to support needed investments to upgrade the stat’s aging electric utility infrastructure in a timely manner and to create jobs. We remain convinced that such monetization will yield benefits similar to those that the State of Illinois is realizing today and is clearly in the best long-term interest of our customers and the economic vitality of Missouri as a whole. Moving to environmental matters, we await the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s final Clean Power Plan regulations, which are expected to be issued soon. In recent month, we have engaged an extensive discussions with industry leaders, state and federal regulatory and legislative leaders, including policymakers in the White House and the EPA and other stakeholders. In these discussions, we have aggressively advocated for constructive and responsible improvements to the EPA’s proposed plan. Those improvements include incorporating a better glide path to achieve the final 2030 targets, as well as protections to ensure that our nation’s grid is able to operate in a reliable fashion. And importantly, we are seeking to protect our customers from the significant lines and electricity costs, while at the same time making meaningful progress in reducing greenhouse gas emissions. While I can’t predict what will be in the final rules, I am hopeful that the collective advocacy efforts by Ameren and many other like-minded key stakeholders will result in meaningful improvements in the final Clean Power Plan issued by the EPA. In any event, should the EPA’s final rules require that we alter and accelerate our transition plans, we fully expect that required investments will be treated fairly by our regulators. And let me assure you that we are committed to transitioning to a cleaner, more fueled diverse generation portfolio in a responsible fashion. Recently, we announced plans for new solar facility west of St. Louis. The 13-megawatt Montgomery renewable energy center will be the largest investor-owned solar facility in the State of Missouri and three times the size of our O'Fallon solar facility, which went into service last December. The new facility is expected to be completed by the end of 2016. One last environmental update, last month, the U.S. Supreme Court issued a ruling on the EPA’s Mercury and Air Toxic Standards or MATS rule. In short, the Supreme Court determined that the DC Circuit Court of Appeals aired in deciding that the EPA was not required to consider costs when it developed the MATS rule. However, the Supreme Court decision did not vacate the rule. It remains in effect until a further decision by the DC Circuit Court of Appeals. This MATS rule is still in effect, there has been no change in our compliance strategy and we expect to fully comply with the rule before April of next year. A most significant capital project complied with this rule enhancing the electrostatic precipitators at the Labadie Energy Center which was completed last year. That project was included in our electric rates during our most recent rate case in Missouri. Turning now to Page 7 and our long-term growth outlook, in February of this year, we outlined our plan to grow rate base at a solid 6% compound annual rate over the 2014 through 2019 period. As the graphics on this page illustrates and aligned with our previously mentioned strategic plan, this growth is being driven by the allocation of significant amounts of capital, the FERC-regulated transmission and Illinois electric and natural gas delivery services. Such investments are supported by regulatory frameworks that provide fair, predictable and timely cost recovery and they deliver long-term benefits to our customers. Turning now to Page 8, in addition we have consistently stated that we have a strong pipeline of investments beyond those reflected on the previous page to meet our customers’ future electric and gas energy needs and expectations. To that end, in recent months, we have identified $500 million to $1 billion of potential investments in our Illinois electric and gas businesses, which would be incremental to those incorporated into the 2014 to 2019 rate base growth plan just mentioned. Such investments will be directed to the reconstruction and replacement of aging distribution system infrastructure such as lines, breakers, transformers and underground network facilities to sustain and improve reliability for our customers. Further, these investments include infrastructure capacity upgrades and additions in higher growth areas of the service territory. In Ameren Illinois’ natural gas delivery business, incremental capital would be directed to gas transmission line replacements associated with evolving pipeline safety regulations and aging distribution maintenance and service replacement project. Finally, in Ameren Illinois’ FERC-regulated electric transmission business, identified projects are primarily reliability related, including compliance with new NERC reliability standards and age-based replacements of equipment. We will evaluate these potential increment investments over the balance of this year as part of our now normal annual planning process. As Marty will discuss further, given the strength of our balance sheet and added confidence in the strength of our prospective cash flows, resulting from the recent IRS sign off on our 2013 tax return and associated tax assets, we believe we have the ability to fund the growth plans we announced in February, as well as these potential incremental investments without issuing any additional equity. Turning now to Page 9, in summary we have a strong long-term earnings growth outlook driven by above-peer average rate base growth that is focused on a transparent mix of utility infrastructure investments and jurisdictions with modern constructive rate-making that is formulaic, but uses a future test year. Earlier this year, we reiterated our expectations for compound annual growth of 7% to 10% and earnings per share from continuing operations over the period 2013 to 2018. As we said on our May earnings call, we plan to formally update our long-term earnings growth expectations on an annual basis consistent with our planning cycle. That said, the $500 million to $1 billion of additional investment opportunities I just described and our added conviction concerning the ability to finance our growth without issuing an additional equity, certainly bolstered my confidence in our ability to achieve earnings growth within those expectations. In addition to a superior earnings growth outlook, Ameren offers an attractive annualized dividend of $1.64 per share and a current yield of about 4.1%, which is also superior from our regulated peer average. We remain focused on delivering a solid dividend as we recognize its importance to our shareholders. Of course, any future dividend increases will be based on consideration of, among other things, earnings growth, cash flows and economic and other business conditions. In closing, we believe our shares offer very attractive total return potential for our investors. We are committed to executing the strategy I have discussed with you today and we continue to believe that will deliver superior long-term value to both our customers and our shareholders. Again, thank you for joining us on today’s call. And I will now turn the call over to Marty.
Marty Lyons: Thank you, Warner. Good morning, everyone. Turning now to Page 11 of our presentation, today we reported second quarter 2015 GAAP earnings of $0.61 per share, which matched second quarter 2014 GAAP earnings. Excluding results from discontinued operations and 2015 loss provision for discontinuing pursuit of a license for a second nuclear unit at Callaway, Ameren recorded second quarter 2015 core earnings of $0.58 per share compared with second quarter 2014 core earnings of $0.62 per share.  Second quarter 2015 earnings from discontinued operations were $0.21 per share, primarily resulting from recognition of a tax benefit related to resolution of an uncertain tax position. This tax benefit reflects a settlement reached in June with the IRS, which resolved tax matters associated with the divestiture of our merchant-generation business. As Warner mentioned, with this settlement in hand we have even greater confidence in our ability to fund the growth plan we announced in February, as well as the potential incremental investments discussed without issuing any additional equity, including no issuances of equity through our dividend reinvestment and 401(k) plan. As of June 30, our combined tax benefits from net operating loss carry-forwards, tax credit carry-forwards and expected refunds stand at $643 million, including $454 million at the Ameren parent company level, which are expected to offset income tax liabilities into 2017. In addition to excluding discontinued operations, core earnings also excluded the previously mentioned Callaway license-related provision, which was $0.18 per share. Turning now to page 12, here we highlight factors that drove the $0.04 per share decline in second quarter 2015 core earnings compared to second quarter 2014 core earnings. Key factors included lower retail electric sales volumes, which reduced earnings by $0.04 per share. Milder early summer temperatures accounted for an estimated $0.03 per share of this decline with the balance due to energy efficiency, partially offset by revenue recovery authorized by the Missouri Public Service Commission under the state’s Energy Efficiency Investment Act. And lower Missouri industrial sales stemming primarily from a prolonged reduction in consumption by Ameren Missouri’s largest customer, Noranda Aluminum. Second quarter 2015 temperatures were near normal compared with the warmer than normal early summer temperatures experienced in the prior year period. We estimate that weather normalized kilowatt hour sales to residential and commercial customers in Illinois increased almost one half of 1% and in Missouri, they decreased about three quarters of 1%. As mentioned, in Missouri the negative earnings in fact have declined and electric sales volumes due to our energy efficiency programs is compensated for under provisions of the utilities energy efficiency plan. Excluding the estimated effects of these Missouri programs, we estimate that sales to residential and commercial customers would have also increased by almost one half of 1%. Kilowatt hour sales to Illinois and Missouri’s industrial customers decreased 3% and 4%, respectively reflecting lower sales to a large low-margin Illinois agricultural customer and the aforementioned lower sales to Noranda Aluminum. As noted on this page, the second quarter earnings comparison was also negatively affected by $0.02 per share by a seasonal rate redesigned and the timing of revenue recognition under formula ratemaking each related to Ameren Illinois electric delivery. These same factors reduced first half 2015 earnings by $0.04 per share compared to the prior year period, but we expect they will reverse by year end. In addition, the earnings contribution from electric transmission and delivery investments at ATXI and Ameren Illinois was reduced by $0.02 per share for the quarter and four spread cents per share for the first half because of lower recognized allowed ROEs. Transmission earnings for the year ago quarter reflected the current MISO-based allowed ROE of 12.38%. However, this quarter’s transmission earnings were reduced by a reserve to reflect the potential for a lower allowed ROE as a result of the pending complaint cases at the FERC. We began recognizing such reserves in the fourth quarter of last year. The net ROE recognized in our second quarter 2015 transmission earnings is comparable with the level incorporated into our first quarter 2015 earnings and the 2015 earnings guidance provided in February. Regarding second quarter 2015 Illinois electric delivery earnings, these incorporated an 8.75% allowed ROE compared with 9.4% in the year ago period. This decline was due to a decrease in the assumed annual average 30-year treasury rate from 3.6% to 2.95%. Of course, full year 2015 Illinois electric delivery earnings will incorporate the actual 2015 average 30-year treasury rate. Finally, depreciation and amortization expenses increased in jurisdictions not subject to formulaic ratemaking, negatively affecting earnings by approximately $0.01 per share. Moving to factors that had a favorable fact on the second quarter earnings comparison, increased investments in electric transmission and delivery infrastructure under formula ratemaking increased earnings by $0.04 per share compared with the year ago quarter and earnings benefited by $0.02 per share from a lower effective income tax rate, both of which I will discuss further on the next page. Turning then to Page 13, first I would like to remind you that we expect our 2015 core diluted earnings to be in a range of $2.45 to $2.65 per share. On this page, we list select items for you to consider as you update your earnings outlook for the remainder of the year. These include the effect on earnings that a return to normal temperatures would have on this year’s remaining quarters compared with those of last year. In particular, a return to normal weather in the third quarter would boost earnings by an estimated $0.09 per share compared to the mild year-ago quarter. Over the balance of this year, we also expect increased earnings from our FERC-regulated electric transmission and Illinois electric delivery services as we continue to make significant infrastructure investments under formula ratemaking. As I mentioned, we have been recording a reserve to reflect the potential for a lower FERC-allowed ROE since the fourth quarter of last year. The cumulative reserve recorded in that quarter was retroactive to November 12, 2013, the date the first MISO ROE complaint case was filed. The absence in the fourth quarter of this year of the prior period portion of the fourth quarter 2014 reserve is expected to benefit this year’s fourth quarter earnings comparison. Moving to a couple of factors that are anticipated to negatively affect the second half 2015 earnings comparison depreciation and amortization expenses are expected to increase for our businesses not operating under formula rates, and capitalized financing costs are expected to decline, reflecting a year-over-year decline in ongoing Ameren-Missouri capital projects. In 2014, a significant number of Ameren Missouri capital projects were in process and ultimately placed into service late in the year. Back on the positive side, earnings for the balance of the year are expected to benefit from a lower effective income tax rate. Our forecasted 2015 effective income tax rate is approximately 38%, a decrease from the 2014 effective rate which was approximately 39%. In addition, I want to remind you of additional factors that will affect the fourth quarter comparison. The absence of the Callaway Energy Center refueling and maintenance outage is expected to boost fourth quarter 2015 earnings by approximately $0.08 per share compared with the year-ago quarter. The next Callaway refueling is scheduled for the spring of 2016. Further, this year’s fourth quarter will reflect the absence of a 2014 benefit resulting from a regulatory decision authorizing Ameren Illinois to recover previously disallowed debt redemption costs of $0.03 per share. Of course, these are only some of the factors that will have an effect on balance of the year 2015 earnings as compared to 2014. Turning now to page 14, I will update you on select pending regulatory matters. Turning first to Illinois, in April Ameren Illinois made its required annual electric delivery rate update filing with the ICC. Under its formula ratemaking, Ameren Illinois is required to file annual rate updates to systematically adjust cash flows overtime for changes in cost of service and to true-up any prior period over or under-recovery of such costs. Our filings speaks of $110 million increase in net annual electric rates to reflect 2014 actual costs, expected 2015 infrastructure investments and prior period under-recoveries of costs. A summary of our filing is included in the appendix to this presentation. The ICC staff testimony filed in mid-July recommended a rate update that is just $3 million less than Ameren Illinois’ request. Interveners recommended rate updates that are $18 million to $19 million less than our request. As noted on this page, significant portions of these interveners’ adjustments relate to a position that the ICC has rejected in its past formula rate orders. An ICC decision is expected in December of this year with new rates effective early next year. Turning now to Page 15, we also have a natural gas delivery rate case pending in Illinois. In January of this year, we requested a rate increase based on a future test year ending in December 2016. As Warner mentioned, earlier this week Ameren Illinois, the Illinois Commerce Commission Staff, the Citizens Utility Board and the Illinois Industrial Energy Consumers filed a stipulation and agreement on issues in our pending natural gas delivery case. This agreement includes a 9.6% ROE, among other things. Our original rate request incorporated a 10.25% ROE while the staff had recommended a 9.31% ROE in their June testimony. For reference, the current allowed ROE for this business is 9.08% effective January of 2014. Our annual rate increase request is now approximately $45 million after incorporating the stipulation and agreement that I just mentioned. We estimate the ICC staff’s June testimony in this case adjusted for the stipulation supports an approximately $44 million rate increase. In addition to the parties to the stipulation, the Illinois Attorney General filed testimony in the case in June, which advocated a number of downward adjustments to our requested revenue requirement, most of them related to operating expenses. However, the Attorney General did not file ROE testimony. Our filing also included a proposal for a volume balancing adjustment for residential and small non-residential customers. This would ensure that changes in natural gas sales volumes do not resolve in an over or under-collection of natural gas revenues for these classes. And I am pleased to report that none of the parties to the case have opposed our request for this volume-balance adjustment mechanism. We expect the ICC to issue a decision by December with new rates effective by January of next year. A summary of this filing is also included an appendix to today’s presentation. Turning now to Page 16, I will update you on some regulatory matters pending at the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. As previously mentioned, there are two pending complaint cases seeking to reduce the base-allowed ROE from MISO transmission owners, including Ameren Illinois and ATXI. The anticipated schedules for these cases are outlined on this page. In the first case, the ROE decision is expected to be based on market data for the six months ended February 11, 2015 and the schedule calls for an initial decision from an administrative law judge by the end of this November with a FERC final order expected sometime in 2016. In the second case, the ROE decision is expected to be based on market data for the six months ended December 31 of this year and the schedule calls for an initial decision from administrative law judge by the middle of next year with the FERC final order expected in 2017. Moving then to Page 17, in Missouri hearings were held last week for our proposed 2016 to 2018 Missouri energy efficiency plan. This plan would replace the current one, which has been in effect since 2013 and expires at the end of this year. The new plan would provide net customer benefits of $165 million over 20 years and reflects Ameren Missouri’s continued commitment to offering cost effective and realistically achievable energy efficiency programs for its customers. We expect the Missouri Public Service Commission decision early this fall and if approved the plan would be implemented beginning January 1, 2016. Finally, turning to Page 19, I will summarize our comments this morning. As Warner discussed, we continue to successfully execute our strategy. We delivered second quarter earnings that were solid and we expect our 2015 core diluted earnings per share to be in the range of $2.45 to $2.65 per share. In addition, we have a superior long-term earnings growth outlook driven by an above peer group average rate base growth plan that is focused on utility infrastructure investment in jurisdictions with modern constructive ratemaking. As Warner stated, earlier this year we reiterated our expectations for compound annual growth of 7% to 10% in earnings per share from continuing operations over the period 2013 through 2018 and we plan to formally update our long-term earnings growth expectations on an annual basis consistent with our planning cycles. That said, the $500 million to $1 billion of additional investment opportunities we discussed today and our added conviction concerning the ability to finance our growth through 2019 without the need for equity given the recent favorable settlement of our 2013 tax return, strong financial position and our outlook for cash flows certainly bolsters our confidence in our ability to achieve earnings growth within those expectations. When you couple our superior earnings growth outlook with Ameren’s dividend, which today provides investors with an above peer group average yield of approximately 4.1%, we believe our common stock presents a very attractive total return potential for investors. That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann. Please go ahead with your question.
Brian Russo: Hi, good morning.
Warner Baxter: Good morning Brian.
Brian Russo: The $0.5 billion to $1 billion of CapEx investment upside, when might we get an update on that and are there drivers or regulatory hurdles that you have to navigate through in order to feel comfortable increasing the existing CapEx budget?
Warner Baxter: Thanks for the question. I think really it's going to be a matter of – we have talked before about our annual planning cycles and certainly wanted to provide greater clarity on some of the growth pipeline that we have been communicating about in the past. But we will be evaluating that potential CapEx over the remainder of the year, taking into consideration multiple factors, which is really about customer needs, balancing that with rate impacts, coordinating these projects and the timing of these projects with other projects that we have got ongoing over the next five years, making sure we have got the labor, vendor support, etcetera available to complete all those projects. So there are number of things that go into the assessment, but we would expect to complete that over the remainder of this year and certainly have included on the exact amount by the time we give guidance next February.
Brian Russo: Okay, great. And I would imagine that would be upside to the 6% rate base CAGR and correct me if I am wrong, but probably put you at the higher end of your EPS CAGR?
Warner Baxter: Well, we are certainly – as we have discussed on the call not updating our EPS CAGR. This added CapEx would certainly be incremental to the rate base growth that we have provided in the slide that we have. And as we mentioned on the call, certainly this added CapEx bolsters our confidence and our ability to achieve the earnings growth within the previously communicated expectations.
Brian Russo: Okay. And correct me if I am wrong, but you will not be paying cash taxes through 2016, is that accurate?
Warner Baxter: Yes. Through 2016, so as it stands right now, we will begin paying taxes again sometime in 2017.
Brian Russo: Okay, great. And then forgive me that I haven’t read through the gas stipulation yet, but what drove the higher ROE in this case versus your previously allowed ROE?
Warner Baxter: I can’t really recollect, going back to the last case the factors that got to that. But certainly here, we were successfully able to reach a compromise and accord with the other parties in the case. And the 9.6% is the outcome of those conversations and will be the ROE pending final decision by the IPC later this year.
Brian Russo: Just remind me that the previous gas rate case outcome was that stipulation or did that go to hearing?
Warner Baxter: No, it wasn’t. It went to hearings until that 9.08 from the final – for the previous case was the result of an ICC decision.
Brian Russo: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from the line of Glenn Pruitt with Wells Fargo.
Glenn Pruitt: Hi, guys. Good morning.
Warner Baxter: Good morning, Glenn.
Marty Lyons: Good morning.
Glenn Pruitt: Just for clarification, your statement that there will be no equity needs, does that include DRIP type programs?
Marty Lyons: Yes, Glenn. Thanks. Yes, if we weren’t clear, that is correct. As we talked about on the call, we are able to reach a settlement of our 2013 tax return with the IRS, which not only gave us the ability to book the gain we booked in discontinued operations, but also it took away uncertainty relative to the overall tax benefit that we have at Ameren Corp., which we reiterated on the call today, was about $454 million of accumulated tax benefits at Ameren Corp. So, with that added certainty, as we look at the CapEx investment plans that we have got, as we look at our overall financial plans looking out over the next 5 years, we really don’t see the need for any equity, including from the DRIP and 401(k).
Glenn Pruitt: Okay, great. Thank you.
Marty Lyons: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. At this time, there are no additional questions. I would like to turn the floor back to Mr. Fischer for concluding comments. Thank you. We have next question coming from the line of David Paz with Wolfe Research. Please go ahead with your question.
David Paz: Hey, good morning.
Marty Lyons: Good morning, David.
Warner Baxter: Good morning, David.
David Paz: Just on the incremental investment opportunities, could you just roughly breakdown at least as you see it today, how much of that would go toward FERC-regulated transmission?
Marty Lyons: Yes, sure. David, this is Marty again. That $500 million to $1 billion really breaks down about a third, a third, a third between Illinois Electric Distribution, Illinois Gas Distribution and Transmission, FERC-regulated transmission.
David Paz: Okay, great. And second question, in your 7% to 10% EPS target or outlook, do you – are you still assuming rising ROEs in Missouri and Illinois?
Marty Lyons: Yes, David. Sure. Just going back to the guidance we have given there, that growth has always been driven by the transparent rate base growth plans that we have got, the reduction of parent and other costs, monetization and reinvestment of the tax assets and certainly, the expectation of rising interest rates and ROEs over time.
David Paz: Okay. How about the assumed sales growth in that outlook?
Marty Lyons: The assumed sales growth in that outlook, David, has been about flattish as what our projection is really out through time. That’s about what we have been seeing this year, frankly, in terms of the overall sales growth when you take into considerations the energy efficiency programs that we have got. It’s about flat year-to-date and we expect residential and commercial sales this year again excluding the impacts of our energy efficiency programs in Missouri to be about flat. So, that’s the expectation embedded in those longer term plans.
David Paz: Great, thank you. Thank you so much.
Warner Baxter: Thanks, David.
Operator: Our next question – gentlemen, at this time, we have a question coming from the line of Joe [indiscernible] with Avon Capital. Please go ahead with your question.
Andy Levi: Hi, it’s Andy Levi from Avon. How are you guys doing?
Warner Baxter: Hey, Andy.
Marty Lyons: Andy, how are you?
Andy Levi: That was a really good rundown. Just want to make sure I heard it correctly, so literally no equity at all, DRIP, ESOP, anything through ‘19, is that what you said?
Marty Lyons: Yes, Andy. That is what we have said.
Andy Levi: Okay. So, whatever the share count is today that’s what it should be in 2019, is that correct?
Marty Lyons: That’s our expectation as we sit here today, Andy, yes.
Andy Levi: Okay, great, because I had built in a little bit. Okay, otherwise, I think everything else was pretty clear. When do you typically update your CapEx forecast and the $500 million to $1 billion or whatever else you may come up with, when could we possibly – will that be at EI or will that be next year?
Marty Lyons: Andy, as I said in response to a question a little while ago, we will continue to evaluate that over the remainder of this year. Most likely, I would say we would give an update in February. And if we have greater clarity to provide before that, we would do so. But as we go through our annual planning process, it generally lines up that we would be able to give a comprehensive update on CapEx and rate base growth plans in February.
Andy Levi: And I thought you and Warner gave a really good rundown today. So, good job.
Warner Baxter: Thanks, Andy.
Marty Lyons: Thank you, Andy.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Kevin Fallon with SIR Capital Management. Please go ahead with your question.
Kevin Fallon: Hi. I am sorry if you already walked through this and I missed it, but on the incremental $500 million to $1 billion of CapEx, I thought you said it was like a third each among the different buckets you highlighted. Can you walk through the thresholds of what you need to do to get approval to do that? Will the – is it purely formula rates that you won’t need to get approval from the ICC or the FERC or will they have to sign off on the spending?
Marty Lyons: No, no real sign-off on the spending. I mean, if you go back after the call and read through the transcript, I think we gave some pretty good description of the types of projects that we are looking at, which in a lot of cases is replacement of aging infrastructure, putting new service in where needed based on certain changes in growth, in customer usage, as well as certain expenditures that we believe we are going to need to make to meet the safety code requirement and otherwise improve the safety and reliability of our system. So, all of these expenditures look like they are needed for customer service and don’t look to require any specific regulatory approvals.
Kevin Fallon: So, just to clarify there, it’s effectively, as long as you guys, you being Ameren deem that they are required and needed that it’s basically file and implement?
Warner Baxter: Yes, absolutely. And as I said earlier in response to a question obviously, we have to weigh all this with the timing of other projects we have got in our pipeline, make sure that we can execute these well for the benefit of our customers and certainly need to weigh these customer needs in these projects again with other projects in our system and with the rate impacts.
Kevin Fallon: Okay, that’s great. Thank you.
Warner Baxter: Thanks, Kevin.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. At this time, I will turn the floor back to Mr. Fischer for closing comments.
Doug Fischer: Thank you for participating in this call. Let me remind you again that a replay of the call will be available for 1 year on our website. If you have questions, you may call the contacts listed on today’s release. Financial analyst inquiries should be directed to me, Doug Fischer. Media should call Joe Muehlenkamp. Our contact numbers are on today’s news release. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today’s teleconference. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2015 Q1  (2015-05-07 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas Fischer -  Warner L. Baxter - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Martin J. Lyons - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Michael L. Moehn - Chairman of Ameren Missouri and President of Ameren Missouri Richard J. Mark - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive Committee Maureen A. Borkowski - Chairman of ATX, Chief Executive Officer of ATX and President of ATX
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI, Research Division Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Ameren Corporation First Quarter 2015 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Doug Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Mr. Fischer, you may now begin.
Douglas Fischer: Thank you, and good morning. I'm Doug Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today are Warner Baxter, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Marty Lyons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, as well as other members of the Ameren management team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet, and the webcast will be available for 1 year on our website at ameren.com. Further, this call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast, and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted on our website a presentation that will be referenced by our speakers who will -- who may use terms or acronyms which are defined in the presentation. To access this presentation, please look in the Investors section of our website under Webcasts & Presentations and follow the appropriate link. Turning to Page 2 of the presentation. I need to inform you that comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are not commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the Forward-Looking Statements section in the news release we issued today and the Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors sections in our filings with the SEC. Warner will begin this call with comments on first quarter financial results, full year 2015 earnings guidance and a business update. Marty will follow with a more detailed discussion of first quarter results and an update on financial and regulatory matters. We will then open the call for questions. Before Warner begins, I would like to mention that all per share amounts discussed during today's presentation, including earnings guidance, are presented on a continuing operations and diluted share basis, unless otherwise noted. Now here's Warner, who will start on Page 4 of the presentation.
Warner L. Baxter: Thanks, Doug. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, we announced first quarter 2015 earnings of $0.45 per share compared with $0.40 per share in last year's first quarter. This earnings advance reflected increased electric transmission and delivery infrastructure investments made by ATXI and Ameren Illinois and the formula ratemaking for the benefit of customers. Our first quarter results also benefited from reduced parent company interest charges. However, the earnings contributions from these factors were somewhat reduced by lower recognized allowed ROEs for the FERC-regulated transmission and Illinois electric delivery areas of our business. Earnings were also reduced by lower electric and natural gas sales volumes, due primarily to milder winter temperatures and energy efficiency. Our solid first quarter results clearly reflect the benefits of strategically allocating capital to jurisdictions with modern, constructive regulatory frameworks. These solid first quarter results also provide a good foundation for achieving our full year earnings expectations. Therefore, today, we affirmed our 2015 earnings guidance, which is expected to be in the range of $2.45 to $2.65 per share. Marty will discuss first quarter earnings in more detail in a few minutes, including comments on additional factors contributing to the higher results. Turning to Page 5. Here, we reiterate our strategic plan. We remain focused on executing this strategy, which we strongly believe will deliver superior value to both our customers and our shareholders. I'd like to highlight some of our year-to-date efforts and accomplishments towards this end. As I mentioned a moment ago, we continue to strategically allocate significant amounts of capital to those businesses where investment is supported by modern, constructive regulatory frameworks that provide fair, predictable and timely cost recovery, as well as long-term benefits to our customers. In particular, we invested approximately $270 million during the first quarter on FERC-regulated electric transmission projects and Ameren Illinois electric and natural gas delivery infrastructure. Work on the $1.4 billion Illinois Rivers transmission project is advancing as planned. Line construction is expected to begin on the first line segment this month, with completion planned for next year. And we have begun foundation construction on the second line segment. Further, Ameren Illinois' modernization action plan is on track to meet its reliability, advanced metering and job creation goals for this year related to the Energy Infrastructure Modernization Act. Also, Ameren remains actively engaged in advocating for responsible energy policies. In Illinois, policymakers continue to be forward-thinking in implementing constructive frameworks to support modernization of the state's aging energy infrastructure. In particular, I am very pleased to know that legislation extending constructive electric formula ratemaking through 2019 was passed by a wide margin in the General Assembly is now law. This enables Ameren Illinois' modernization of the electric grid to continue with the regulatory and financial certainty needed to replace aging infrastructure, make investments in new technology, upgrade equipment, hire and train new Illinois coworkers, all in an effort to deliver higher-quality service to our customers. Further, the extension of constructive formula ratemaking was cited by Moody's and Fitch in their recent reports upgrading certain of Ameren Illinois' credit ratings. I believe these actions reinforce that good energy policy leads to benefits for customers and investors. On the federal level, we continue to collaborate with industry leaders, stakeholders and policymakers across the country to aggressively advocate for constructive and responsible improvements to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency's proposed Clean Power Plan. Simply put, we have serious concerns with the EPA's current proposed rules. Aside from the legal challenges that the Clean Power Plan will face in the future, we believe that many of the underlying assumptions that are the foundation of these proposed rules were unreasonable. Most important, we, along with experts across the country, have stated that implementation of these rules in their current form will meaningfully raise reliability risks for the grid, and electricity costs for our customers are projected to rise significantly under the current proposed rules. While we have serious concerns with these rules, we are not just saying no. Instead, we have proposed several commonsense solutions, including eliminating unrealistic interim targets and allowing the states to determine the best path to address the EPA's final targets. Also, we are strongly advocating that the rules include protections to ensure that our nation's grid is able to operate in a reliable fashion. Our plan will materially reduce greenhouse gas emissions while saving customers billions of dollars and preserving the reliable service U.S. citizens have enjoyed for decades. In summary, we believe our constructive alternative is the right thing for our customers, our country and the environment. Our clean energy plan also includes continued reliance on dependable and carbon-free nuclear generation from the Callaway Energy Center. Recently, we achieved a major milestone in this regard. In March, we obtained Nuclear Regulatory Commission approval for extending the operating license for Callaway by 20 years to 2044. In addition to prudently investing in our utilities and advocating for responsible energy policies, we remain relentlessly focused on achieving operational improvements and efficiencies across all of our businesses, including the continuation of our lean management efforts throughout our organization. We have a solid track record of disciplined cost management and aligning our overall spending with regulatory frameworks and outcome as well as economic conditions. And we remain committed to our goal of closing gaps between earned and allowed returns on equity. Turning now to Page 6 of our presentation. Let me update you on some other legislative and regulatory matters related to our businesses. Beginning with Missouri, that state's Public Service Commission approved a $122 million increase in Ameren Missouri's electric service rates in a decision issued last week. As you know, the primary drivers of this rate case were significant investments made over the past couple of years to improve the quality of service we provide to our customers in terms of safety, reliability and environmental stewardship, as well as accelerated recovery of our aging Meramec Energy Center investment and rising net energy costs for our energy centers. While we are pleased that the Public Service Commission's order allows for the recovery of these important infrastructure investments and increased net energy costs, other aspects of the decision are disappointing. This includes the 9.53% allowed ROE, which is a decrease from the current allowed ROE of 9.8% authorized back in December 2012. In addition, the Public Service Commission eliminated our ability to recover changes in transmission revenues and expenses with a fuel adjustment clause and discontinued tracking mechanisms for vegetation management and storm cost recovery. Lastly, the commission is revenue neutral to Ameren Missouri and will be subsidized by our other customers. We have consistently stated that this is an economic development matter which should have been addressed by the Missouri legislature. Marty will provide further details on this rate order in a few minutes. While we are disappointed with the commission's decision, we are already moving forward with action plans to address the outcome of this rate case. We will request a rehearing on several aspects of this order, including the allowed ROE and the elimination of recovery of changes in transmission revenues and expenses through the fuel adjustment clause. As we have done in the past, we will seek to align our overall operating and capital spending with this regulatory outcome while maintaining our goal of earning at or very close to our new allowed ROE. And finally, we will continue to be relentless in our pursuit of modernizing the regulatory framework in Missouri in order to support investment to upgrade the state's aging electric utility infrastructure and to reduce regulatory lag. The Missouri General Assembly is not expected to advance legislation to modernize the state's regulatory framework this year. As we have stated in the past, the execution of our near-term rate base and earnings growth plans are not contingent on enhancement of the Missouri framework. As the energy industry continues to change and advance, we remain committed to educating stakeholders in our effort to help Missouri remain competitive and build the grid of the future. We are convinced such an enhancement is in the best long-term interest of our customers and the state. As a result, we will continue to work with the commission, legislators and others and aggressively advocate for improvement of the Missouri regulatory framework. Last, with regard to the complaint cases pending at the FERC challenging MISO's base allowed ROE of 12.38% for transmission services, we and other MISO transmission owners are strongly advocating for an ROE level that is fair and that will continue to incentivize the transmission investment needed to ensure a robust grid for our nation. To that end, we and others filed testimony in April. I strongly believe that the FERC supports additional investment in our nation's transmission infrastructure and will continue to provide a regulatory framework including an ROE that will incentivize that investment. FERC's review of this matter is expected to continue over the next year. Turning now to Page 7 and our long-term growth outlook. In February of this year, we outlined our plan to grow rate base at a solid 6% compound annual rate over the 2014 to 2019 period. We have a strong pipeline of investments that we expect to bring superior value to our customers and shareholders over the next 5 years and beyond. As shown on this page, the growth rates of our jurisdictional investments are aligned with the perspectives I just shared on our regulatory frameworks. We are executing on numerous FERC-regulated electric transmission projects, including multi-value projects such as Illinois Rivers, as well as an extensive list of local reliability projects. Further, we are making investments to strengthen our electric delivery system and install electric smart meters consistent with the Ameren Illinois' 10-year Modernization Action Plan. And we are making meaningful investments in our Illinois gas delivery system to upgrade metering equipment, while also replacing and modernizing certain mains, lines and controls to ensure safety and reliability. To earn a timely return on incremental Illinois gas delivery investments, we began using the state's gas infrastructure rider in the first quarter of this year. Last, in Missouri, we are focused on providing safe and reliable energy to our customers as we seek to align our overall spending with the recent rate case outcome. We expect our solid base growth to be the primary driver of superior earnings growth for our shareholders. Further, looking ahead, we remain focused on delivering a solid dividend because we recognize the importance of dividends to our shareholders. Of course, future dividend increases will be based on consideration of, among other things, earnings growth, cash flows and economic and other business conditions. In closing, we are committed to executing our strategy, and we expect this focus to deliver superior value to both our customers and our shareholders. Again, thank you, all, for joining us on today's call. And I'll now turn the call over to Marty.
Martin J. Lyons: Thanks, Warner. Good morning, everyone. Turning now to Page 9 of our presentation. As Warner already noted, today, we reported earnings of $0.45 per share for the first quarter of 2015 compared with $0.40 per share for the year-ago period Key drivers of this earnings increase are listed on this page. Higher electric transmission and delivery infrastructure investments made by ATXI and Ameren Illinois under formula ratemaking increased earnings by $0.05 per share compared with the year-ago quarter. The earnings comparison also benefited by $0.05 per share from reduced operations and maintenance expenses for those businesses not operating under formula rates. In addition, the January 2015 Illinois Commerce Commission order approving recovery of Ameren Illinois cumulative power usage costs increased earnings by $0.04 per share compared with the first quarter of last year. Earnings also benefited by $0.03 per share from a reduction in parent company interest charges, reflecting the May 2014 maturity of $425 million of 8.875% senior notes that were replaced with lower cost short-term debt. Moving now to factors that had an unfavorable effect on the first quarter earnings comparison. Lower electric and natural gas volumes reduced earnings by $0.05 per share, with milder winter temperatures accounting for an estimated $0.03 per share of this decline and the balance due to energy efficiency and other drivers. First quarter 2015 temperatures were milder than those experienced during the polar vortex in the year-ago quarter, but were still colder than normal. We estimate that weather normalized kilowatt hour sales to residential and commercial customers across our systems decreased by approximately 1%, with about 1/2 of this decrease due to energy efficiency programs. In Missouri, the effect of declines in electric sales volumes due to our energy efficiency programs is offset by revenue recovery authorized under the state's Energy Efficiency Investment Act. Kilowatt hour sales to industrial customers in Illinois increased 2%. However, sales to industrial customers in Missouri declined 4%, primarily due to lower sales to Noranda Aluminum, Ameren Missouri's largest customer. Sales to Noranda declined because of sustained operational issues at their plant. Next, the earnings contribution from electric transmission and delivery investments at ATXI and Ameren Illinois, which I noted a moment ago, was reduced by lower recognized allowed ROEs. Transmission earnings for the year-ago quarter incorporated the current MISO base allowed ROE of 12.38%. However, this year's first quarter results were reduced by a reserve to reflect the potential for a lower ROE from the pending complaint cases at the FERC. The net ROE recognized in our transmission earnings is consistent with the level incorporated into our 2015 earnings guidance as discussed on our February 25 call. Regarding first quarter 2015 Illinois electric delivery earnings, these incorporated an 8.6% allowed ROE compared with 9.7% in the year-ago period. This decline was due to a decrease in the assumed annual average 30-year Treasury rate from 3.9% to 2.8%. Of course, this year's Illinois electric delivery earnings will incorporate the actual 2015 average 30-year treasury rate, which I would note that interest rates have recently been rising. Other factors weighing on the earnings comparison included increased depreciation and amortization expenses and increased Ameren Missouri financing cost as noted on this page. These reflected in part the impact of capital projects placed in service by Ameren Missouri over the last 12 months. Turning now to Page 10. First, I would like to remind you that today, we have affirmed our 2015 earnings guidance range of $2.45 to $2.65 per share. Moving to the details on this page. Here, we list select items for you to consider as you update your 2015 earnings models. These include the effect on earnings that a return to normal temperatures would have on this year's remaining quarters compared with those of last year. Over the balance of this year, we expect increased earnings from our FERC-regulated electric transmission and Illinois electric delivery services as we continue to make significant infrastructure investments under formula ratemaking. In addition, capitalized financing costs are expected to decline this year, reflecting the significant Ameren Missouri capital projects that were in process and ultimately placed into service late last year. Earnings for the balance of the year are expected to benefit from a lower effective income tax rate. Our forecasted 2015 effective income tax rate is approximately 38%, a decrease from the 2014 effective rate which was approximately 39%. In addition, I want to remind you of factors that will affect the fourth quarter comparison. The absence of a Callaway Energy Center nuclear refueling and maintenance outage this year is expected to boost fourth quarter 2015 earnings by approximately $0.08 per share compared with the year-ago quarter. The next Callaway refueling is scheduled for the spring of 2016. Finally, this year's fourth quarter will reflect the absence of a 2014 benefit resulting from a regulatory decision authorizing Ameren Illinois to recover previously disallowed debt redemption costs of $0.03 per share. Of course, these are only some of the factors that will have an effect on balance of the year 2015 earnings as compared with 2014. Turning now to Page 11 and regulatory matters. Here, we provide details on the recent Missouri rate order. As Warner already mentioned, last week, the Missouri Public Service Commission approved a $122 million annual increase in Ameren Missouri's retail electric rates. This amount was comprised of $109 million for increased net energy costs and $13 million for other non-energy costs. The Missouri commission authorized continuation of 2 very important and constructive cost recovery mechanisms, the fuel adjustment clause and the pension and other postretirement benefit cost tracking mechanism. However, as Warner mentioned, the commission eliminated our ability to recover changes in transmission revenues and expenses through the fuel adjustment clause. The commission also discontinued 2 other cost trackers, one for vegetation management and infrastructure inspection cost and another for storm costs. The commission did state in its order that Ameren Missouri can request an accounting authority order to defer extraordinary storm costs incurred between rate cases for possible inclusion in rates in a future rate case. In years past, Ameren Missouri has been granted such storm cost accounting orders and later authorized to recover these costs in future rate cases. Moving to Page 12 and further details of the Missouri electric rate decision. Here, we provide a breakdown of the key drivers of the $13 million authorized annual increase in other nonenergy revenue. As Warner noted, we're disappointed with this rate decision and will seek to align our overall operating and capital spending with this outcome. And as we have stated repeatedly, our objective is to earn a return on equity at or close to our allowed level. Given Missouri's use of historical test years and now more limited riders and trackers, this objective will be more challenging. However, we are clearly focused on the issue. And as we have done in the past, we'll be taking several actions to achieve this objective. Turning now to Page 13. I will update you on select regulatory matters pending at the Illinois Commerce Commission and Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. Turning first to Illinois, last month, Ameren Illinois made its required annual electric delivery rate update filing. Under Illinois' formula ratemaking, our utility is required to file annual rate updates to systematically adjust cash flows over time for changes in cost of service and to true-up any prior period over or under-recovery of such costs. Our filing seeks a $110 million increase in net annual electric rates to reflect 2014 actual costs, expected 2015 infrastructure investments and prior period under-recoveries of costs. A summary of our filing is included in the appendix to this presentation. The ICC will review the matter in the months ahead with a decision expected in December of this year and new rates effective early next year. I'll remind you that each year's Illinois electric delivery earnings are a function of that year's ending rate base, the formula determined allowed ROE, which is the annual average of 30-year U.S. Treasury bond yields plus 580 basis points and the ICC authorized equity ratio and are not directly determined by that year's rate update filing. We also have a natural gas delivery rate case pending in Illinois. In January of this year, we requested a $53 million annual increase based on the future test year ending in December 2016. Our filing also included a proposal for a decoupling mechanism that would permit us to collect our authorized revenue requirement from residential and small nonresidential customers independent of sales volume fluctuations. We expect the ICC to issue a decision by December with new rates effective by January of next year. A summary of this filing is also included in the appendix to today's presentation. Finally, previously mentioned complaint cases seeking to reduce the base allowed ROE for MISO transmission owners, including Ameren Illinois and ATXI, are pending at the FERC. The FERC's schedule for the initial case calls for hearings to begin in mid-August with an initial order from an administrative law judge expected by the end of November of this year and a final order from the FERC expected next year. Finally, turning to Page 14. I will summarize our comments this morning. We delivered solid first quarter earnings and affirmed earnings per share guidance range for this year of $2.45 to $2.65 per share. As Warner discussed, we continue to successfully execute our strategy. We also continue to expect 6% compound annual rate base growth over the 2014 through 2019 period based on a transparent mix of needed transmission, distribution and generation investments across multiple regulatory jurisdictions. Importantly, we are strategically allocating capital to those jurisdictions with modernized regulatory frameworks that support investment. We believe this highly visible growth is outstanding compared to our regulated utility peers and provides the foundation for superior long-term growth in earnings per share. Further, Ameren's $1.64 per share annualized dividend rate provides investors with a current yield of approximately 4%, which is above average compared to our peers. Through this expected earnings growth, coupled with our dividend yield, translates into a very attractive total return proposition for investors. That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Michael Weinstein with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: It's Julien here. So first question, if you will, on the Missouri case and I apologize if this didn't come across. When is your next expected filing? And how are you thinking about addressing the presumably incremental lag coming from some of the changes in the latest filing? And what's the magnitude of that lag that you would anticipate having from the transmission expense, along with some of the other tweaks?
Martin J. Lyons: So there are multiple questions in there, Julien, and I'll take a stab at those and maybe others can chime in and supplement as we go. And if I miss any of your questions, we'll let you repeat it. I think your first question was about when we're going to file our next rate case. I mean, obviously, we just received this commission order. We're in the process of assessing the order and also considering what matters we may ask the commission to consider rehearing on. So I wouldn't say we're even through the full process of this one. So it's certainly premature to think about the timing of a next rate case. What goes into that obviously is assessing this order, its impact. As we mentioned on the call and as you just alluded to, we're going to be taking a number of actions to align spending with this rate case outcome. We'll be looking at our capital expenditures moving forward and the in-service dates. And all of those things are going to factor into a decision about when a next rate case may be. Probably important to note that this rate case was about 2.5 years since our last rate increase. So no telling when the next one will be, but like I said, those are the various things we'll take into consideration. You also asked, I think, about some of those actions that we may be taking to address any lag coming out of this order. And I think that whenever you go into a rate case, it's certainly expected that cost savings that you've achieved over the past couple of years, in our case, help to mitigate the rate increase for the customer. And that's certainly what's happened here. And then what you have to do going forward is, to the extent that there are nonrecovered costs for certain areas of your business that you're going to identify actions that you can take within your business to overcome those, to offset those. As I said on the call, our goal continues to be to earn at or very near to our allowed returns, and that's going to be our objective going forward. And without providing any specifics, certainly have processes underway today as part of our annual planning processes to identify and implement those actions which are needed to achieve that objective.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Got you. And could you perhaps quantify a little bit what your lag expectations are? I suppose it's a little early, right, in the context of identifying offsetting cost cuts. And then maybe just more specifically on the transmission expense side. How much of the rate lag specifically or what kind of inflation rate have you been seeing of late? I imagine that's probably the most critical item there.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. Sure. That's right. Those were parts of your other question. I guess, number one, Julien, we don't think about sort of an amount of lag that we're targeting or that we expect. As I said a moment ago, I mean, our objective is to earn at or very close to our allowed return. That has been our objective, and it continues to be our objective. Now there are going to be elements that are things that would have to be overcome. Now we'll -- on this transmission piece in the FAC, there, what's happened is transmission revenues and costs are coming out of the FAC and then would go into base rates and would be handled that way subject to potential rehearing on that issue with the commission. I would tell you that today, just to give you an order of magnitude, in 2015, we expect transmission revenues and transmission expenses in Ameren Missouri to be around $35 million. However, those revenues and those expenses change over time. And one of the reasons that we view them as being appropriate for being in the FAC is that, frankly, those costs are outside of our control and they can be volatile. And to give an example, I think what was put into our base rates reflected a differential between revenues and expenses of about $6 million where revenues had exceeded expenses. So that gives you, I think, some sense of the magnitude of the numbers and the change we've seen here recently. Hard to say what the change will be prospectively. Obviously, again, as I said, those costs are outside of our control. So what that may -- if it's not in the FAC, what that may mean for us in terms of prospective lag is really uncertain at this time.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Right. But just to be clear, though, if you may permit me. Your expectation is that you will be able to continue to earn at or around your earned or your authorized level?
Martin J. Lyons: Julien, that is our objective, and we work each year to align our costs to achieve that objective. Julien, I just would add on that, I mean, I think we have a good track record that we've shown over this past couple of years of actually achieving that objective. But thank you for your questions.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just on the long-term growth rate, which -- how should we think about that now?
Martin J. Lyons: Well, in terms of the long-term growth rate, you're speaking about the rate base or the earnings per share?
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I'm talking about the earnings per share. That doesn't seem to be in the slide deck this time around.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. Sure. That's fine, Paul. I just wanted to clarify. I mean, obviously, in the slides we talked about our 6% compound annual rate base growth from '14 to '19. I mean, you're right. What we didn't do is specifically mention the earnings per share growth. And I think going forward, the reason for that is really simply that we plan to formally update you and others on the long-term earnings growth plans on an annual basis, consistent with our annual planning cycles. But that being said, as we sit here today, we do continue to be confident in our ability to deliver within that 7% to 10% compound earnings per share growth range that we previously talked about, which is from 2013 to 2018. As you know, Paul, that growth is driven by base growth that I just mentioned. It's driven by reduction in parent and other costs that we've been achieving. It's driven by the modernization and reinvestment of tax assets that we have, about $440 million of tax assets at the parent company. And also incorporated in there is our expectation of rising interest rates in achieving that 7% to 10% growth. What we don't plan to do is provide quarterly updates on the long-term plans going forward based on, I would say, short-term movements in interest rates or changes in allowed returns. We take all of that data, of course, into consideration as we prepare our -- do our annual planning and think about where we're going to allocate capital and how we're going to modify our longer-term growth plan.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Now the -- so I guess that means -- does that mean that like from quarter-to-quarter internally you guys might think that this number might be changing? Or is this more of a sort of a cosmetic thing in terms of just simply leaving it alone until the -- in a more annual basis because that would make more sense than changing it, I guess, quarterly or quarter. Is that -- how should we think about that?
Martin J. Lyons: Sure. Sure, Paul. It's a fair question. No, I mean, what we're not doing, I would say, is internally updating our 5-year earnings per share growth outlook each quarter based on changes. It's frankly a fairly comprehensive process that we and I'm sure other companies go through on an annual basis to think about changes in long-term interest rate forecast, long-term ROE forecast, changes in regulatory frameworks, changes in customer needs, changes in technology and really think about what kinds of investment should be made for the benefit of our customers, where they should be made, when they should be made. And all of those things factor into our long-term investment plans and our long-term EPS growth. So we do, do those comprehensive planning processes on an annual basis. And we'll be planning then to roll that out and roll it into the guidance we provide you and others on an annual basis about what our long-term growth plans are. Paul, I would just add a couple months ago, when we provided our guidance, I was asked a question about, "Well, are you going to hit that 7% to 10% in the current ROE environment?" And what I'd said on that call, and I certainly stand by is that, if we held the ROEs that were embedded into our guidance flat through time, we still expect to be in that 7% to 10% range, albeit potentially at the lower end. And I have to say that while we haven't completely reassessed our long-term model, I do remain confident that even with this lower Missouri ROE and holding the other ROEs embedded in our current guidance flat, we do have that flexibility within the guidance range and within our business plans to be able to achieve at least that 7% end of our growth. So and that growth, as you know, that 7% earnings per share growth is superior, I think, to the average of our regulated peers. And we fully expect that interest rates over time will rise, that ROEs will rise, and that will certainly help to drive earnings higher within that range.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Just to sort of follow-up here on the regulatory environment and the legislative environment in Missouri. You guys went over the rate case. Not exactly what you guys wanted and it looks like the legislative efforts, if I understand you guys, they're dead for this year. Do you think that there's any rate case fatigue? I mean, let me put it right out there. I mean, do you think that there's maybe -- there may be a limit in terms of revenue increases in Missouri? And then just to sort of follow that through, do you have any opinion of the legislation that's happening in Illinois with respect to nuclear and the other sort of clean job stuff and what have you that's been garnering a lot of attention in Springfield?
Martin J. Lyons: Paul, we'll try -- this is Marty again. We'll try to take those in order. I think on the Missouri ones -- and maybe Michael Moehn, who's with us here who's the head of our Missouri operations could take the first part of your question.
Michael L. Moehn: Yes. Great. Thanks, Marty. With respect to the fatigue, certainly, these increases have been hard on customers. We recognize that. We try to do everything we can to mitigate the impact on customers. But at the end of the day, all of these investments that we're making are really to continue to provide safe and adequate and reliable service. And so we're going to continue to do what we think is necessary to deliver on that promise. And with respect to legislation in Missouri, we do remain very focused on trying to get something across the finish line. And we continue to talk with stakeholders, legislators about the importance of modernizing the regulations in Missouri to make sure that we're able to continue to build out the grid of the 21st century. We'll continue to remind them of the good things that are going on in Illinois, referencing what's happening in Arkansas and Wisconsin and Michigan. And so I think through a constant, relentless pursuit of it, we're going to get it across the finish line at some point. It's difficult to say exactly when it's going to be -- when that's going to happen, but we are going to continue to put every effort into making that happen.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: But it won't be this year, right?
Michael L. Moehn: Yes. I think that is a fair assumption at this point in time.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then if you could follow-up on Illinois. I don't want to take up any more time.
Warner L. Baxter: Yes, that's okay. Paul, this is Warner. Richard Mark is here too. So Richard, maybe you can give a little perspective on the Illinois legislation?
Richard J. Mark: Well, there's 3 bills pending in Illinois. We're just continuing to monitor those bills to see which one of them will -- which of them will be called for hearings in the near future. The session in Illinois ends May 31. So we're going to continue to monitor those to see which ones -- how they affect our customers through improvements and value, as well as the impact that would have on increased cost to our customers.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Evercore.
Greg Gordon - Evercore ISI, Research Division: You guys have answered a lot of my questions. I was looking back at the disclosures from the end of the year call. And I can't remember, did you disclose explicitly what ROE you're reserving to or was it just that you're making assumptions that are less explicit?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, Greg. This is Marty. What we had talked about on that call and repeat here, I mean, obviously, we've got active litigation and we don't want to get into specifics. But what we did say then is our guidance reflected approximately the outcome of the ISO New England order last year, plus a 50 basis point adder. And that kind of an ROE was embedded into our guidance, and that's what we continue to reflect in our ongoing results. And it's also reflected in our current guidance for 2015.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Real quick, I want to make sure I understand some things. In the quarter, O&M was down a lot this quarter and came in a good bit better. Can you just talk about whether that's seasonality, whether there were some things that will put upwards pressure on O&M towards the back half of the year or is this a kind of a new run rate?
Martin J. Lyons: Michael, I'll try to answer as best I can. This is Marty again, obviously. But yes, the O&M was down. The O&M was down principally at Missouri. When you see the 10-Q, you'll get some further detailed breakdown, I suppose, by legal entity. But I'll tell you that Illinois was about flat and the real driver was lower Missouri. And I would say that, that's just, in general, just efforts to contain cost. There were some specific costs that we had last year at our Callaway plant that did not recur in the current period. But I would say, overall, our focus is to continue to work to improve the productivity of our operations, to find ways to control cost. And I can't really be specific with you in terms of trends for the remainder of the year in O&M. But I will tell you that just in general and especially in light of the rate case outcome that we had, we're going to continue to be very cost conscious and manage O&M very carefully.
Warner L. Baxter: Michael, I'd just add, this is Warner. This is not something new. This is not something new. We have been very disciplined in managing our costs. And as Marty rightfully said a moment ago is, we manage those costs between rate cases. It helps address regulatory lag. And then as we have the rate cases, it certainly provides a significant benefit to customers. And we're not done. We're going to continue to do that, both in Missouri and across our enterprise because it's the right thing to do. And so I know others have raised the questions on regulatory lag. We cite that, obviously, the regulatory lag may become more challenging. At the same time, we're geared up to address those issues internally and are still very focused and confident that the execution of our plan is going to deliver superior value to -- not just to our shareholders, but also to our customers.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And want to a circle back on the transmission ROE. Your guidance assumed a lower ROE. Is there any change in the guidance level, the ROE? I know this is piggybacking off of Greg's question a little bit. But want to just make sure I understand kind of the puts and takes versus original guidance and what you're saying today.
Martin J. Lyons: Sure, Michael. I'll reiterate. Basically, what's in our new guidance, our current updated guidance reflects exactly what we had in our guidance in the beginning of the year. So we said then and we say now what it reflects is basically the outcome of the ISO New England order, plus 50 basis points. And so that gives you an approximation of where we're booking a reserve to, what the effective earned ROE is that we're reflecting in our financial statement this year. Obviously, we don't know where those cases will come out. We certainly think that the testimony that was filed by the MISO TOs and our own witnesses speak for itself. And we'll let that play out here over the remainder of the year.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. One last item. Thinking about Illinois and MISO transmission opportunities. I mean, you've got a very healthy rate base growth opportunity there over the next 4 or 5 years. But trying to think about what could be incremental to what's already in your plan. Can you talk a little bit about the Order 1000 process on the MISO and whether projects are soon to be put out to bid or whether there's another round of potential Order 1000-related projects that you could potentially be a participant in an RFP on or updates on the MTEP process as well?
Martin J. Lyons: Sure, Michael. I think the best person to speak to that is Maureen Borkowski, who's the head of our transmission business. Maureen, do you want to comment on this question?
Maureen A. Borkowski: Sure. MISO is in the process of getting some Order 1000 things started. They're a little behind the curve relative to the other RTOs. And just to clarify, at the present time, our business development folks are active not only in the MISO Order 1000 process, but also in PJM and Southwest Power Pool. We actually have some proposals active in some of the PJM solicitation windows right now. And as you've mentioned correctly, any kind of success in that venue, in any of those MISO, PJM, SPP, is all incremental to the rate base growth and investment that we've already talked about today. But we're not necessarily relying on that to provide our future growth pipeline. We have a great deal of investment opportunity remaining in our utility systems, both for reliability needs, aging infrastructure replacement and modernization of the grid. We also expect the Clean Power Plan will likely have some impact on the generation fleet in our service territory, which will also drive local transmission projects. And all of those opportunities that I mentioned are really ours to deliver on. They're not subject to any of the competitive process in MISO. So we certainly are active in the competitive space, but we're not relying on that to provide our pipeline. We have lots of other opportunities as well.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. Okay. I just wanted to kind of tail on to that only because yesterday on an earnings call, one of the Kansas utilities talked about the SPP and just mentioned that they had only put out one small Order 1000 project bid, no others for RFP. Do you know the number of potential projects that the MISO is likely to put out to bid and when those RFPs would come out?
Maureen A. Borkowski: I really couldn't speculate on that. It is supposed to be in the MTEP 2016 process, I guess, which begins effectively in August of this year. So sometime late next year.
Martin J. Lyons: Michael, it's Marty. Just a couple of things. I think it was implied in your question, but obviously, our rate base growth plans that we put out there today and in prior call, 6% doesn't include any kind of expectation for any kind of FERC Order 1000 competitive wins. So if anything was achieved there, it'd certainly be incremental. As Maureen described, we've got a good pipeline of local reliability projects. That goes on beyond the 5-year period. Certainly, there could be some incremental for our current 5-year plan. But I'd also mention that as we discussed last time, I think you asked a question in the last call and I responded, I mean, certainly, there could be of an incremental investment in other areas of our business, particularly in the gas area, where there's the possibility that new federal rules will come into play that will actually cause us to increase the amount of investment that we need to make for replacement of aging infrastructure. So there are number of things, including transmission on top of transmission that present additional rate base growth opportunity. Appreciate the question.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Thank you. At this time, we've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I'll turn the floor back to Mr. Doug Fischer for closing comments.
Douglas Fischer: Thank you for participating in this call. Let me remind you again that a replay of the call will be available for 1 year on our website. If you have questions, you may call the contacts listed on today's release. Financial analyst inquiries should be directed to me, Doug Fischer. Media should call Joe Muehlenkamp. Our contact numbers are on today's news release. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Fischer. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q4  (2015-02-25 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Doug Fischer - Senior Director, IR Warner Baxter - Chairman, President and CEO Marty Lyons - EVP and CFO Maureen Borkowski - Chairman, CEO and President of ATX Michael Moehn - SVP of Customer Operations of Ameren, Missouri
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley Steve Fleishman - Wolfe Research Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Brian Russo - Ladenburg Thalmann Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Andy Levi - Avon Capital Advisors
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Ameren Corporation Fourth Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. At this time, all of the participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Doug Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations for the Ameren Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Fischer. You may begin.
Doug Fischer: Thank you, and good morning. I'm Doug Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today are Warner Baxter, our Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; and Marty Lyons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; as well as other members of the Ameren management team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet, and the webcast will be available for one year on our Web site at ameren.com. Further, this call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast, and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted on our Web site a presentation that will be referenced by our speakers, who may use terms or acronyms that are defined in the presentation. To access this presentation, please look in the Investor section of our Web site under Webcasts and Presentations and follow the appropriate link. Turning to Page 2 of the presentation; I need to inform you that comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions, and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the Forward-looking Statements section in the news release we issued today and the Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors sections in our filings with the SEC. Warner will begin this call with an overview of 2014 results and our outlook for 2015 and beyond. Marty will follow with a more detailed financial and regulatory update. We will then open the call for questions. Before Warner begins, I would like to mention that all per share amounts discussed during today's presentation, including earnings guidance are presented on a continuing operations and diluted share basis, unless otherwise noted. Now here is Warner, who will begin on Page 4 of the presentation.
Warner Baxter: Thanks, Doug, and good morning everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, we announced 2014 earnings of $2.40 per share, within the upper end of our 2014 guidance range. This represents a 14% increase over 2013 results. This strong earnings growth reflected increased Illinois electric delivery and FERC-regulated transmission earnings under formula ratemaking, which were driven by infrastructure investments made to better serve our customers. The earnings comparison also benefited from increased rates for Illinois natural gas delivery, decreased interest charges, the substantial elimination of parent company costs previously allocated to the divested merchant generation business, and the absence of Missouri fuel adjusted clause-related charge taken in 2013. Marty will discuss these and other 2014 earnings drivers in a few minutes. Turning to Page 5; last year at this time we discussed how excited we were about our strategy for investing in and growing our rate-regulated electric and gas utilities in order to provide superior value to our shareholders and customers. Today, I'm pleased to report on our successful execution of the strategy in 2014. The first element of our strategy is to invest in and operate our utilities in a manner consistent with existing regulatory frameworks. Towards this end, in 2014, we allocated significant amounts of discretionary capital to those businesses where investment is supported by regulatory frameworks that provide fair, predictable, and timely cost recovery. Our customers are seeing tangible results from these investment activities. In particular, we invested more than $1 billion in our FERC-regulated transmission in Illinois electric and natural gas delivery infrastructure to better serve our customers. Ameren Transmission Company of Illinois, or ATXI began construction of the Illinois Rivers project and achieved all planned 2014 milestones. Plan rights were obtained for approximately half of the properties along the projects route. Construction was begun on six of the 10 substations, and nearly all of the foundations on an initial line segment were completed. In addition, Ameren Illinois installed almost 47,000 new electric and 26,000 upgraded gas meters, exceeding the first-year goal of its advanced metering infrastructure project. Further, Ameren Missouri placed into service several key infrastructure projects by year end, including the new reactor vessel head at the Callaway Energy Center, additional environmental controls at the Labadie Energy Center, a major substation in St. Louis, and the largest investor-owned solar generation facility in the state. These projects are already serving customers, improving reliability and providing energy from cleaner generation sources, and they're eligible for inclusion in new rates expected to be effective by early June of this year. We also achieved notable regulatory successes last year, including a constructive outcome in our Illinois electric delivery rate case. In this case, the Illinois Commerce Commission authorized a rate increase of $204 million, an amount that was within $1 million of our updated request demonstrated that the formula ratemaking framework is working as intended. Even with this rate increase, rates are still expected to remain below 2011 levels for most customers. Finally, we remain relentlessly focused on operational improvement and disciplined cost management as reflected in the significant reduction in parent company costs. The second element of our strategy is to enhance regulatory frameworks and advocate for responsible energy policies. On this front, the Illinois General Assembly overwhelmingly passed legislation extending the constructive formula-based electric delivery rate framework by two years, through the end of 2019. This legislation is now been submitted to Governor Rauner. Further, we aggressively advocated for responsible energy polices, notably in the environmental area. In particular, we raised concerns regarding the impact on customer's rates and electric liability of the environmental protection agencies proposed Clean Power plan. But we did more than just raise concerns; we offered pragmatic solutions to address these important concerns in our comments to the EPA's proposed rules in December. EPA is expected to finalize its rules later this year. Regarding the third element of our strategy, creating and capitalizing on opportunities for investment for the benefit of our customers and shareholders, I will highlight three areas of activity. In October, we filed an updated integrated resource plan with the Missouri Public Service Commission outlining our ongoing transition to a cleaner and more fuel-diverse generation portfolio in a responsible fashion for the next 20 years. This plan maximizes the use of our current coal-fire generation fleet for the benefit of our customers, while leveraging energy efficiency and investments in renewables, environmental controls, and gas-fired generation to meet future needs in an environmentally balanced manner. And the plan also includes extending the useful life of our Callaway Nuclear Energy Center from 40 to 60 years. Our preferred plant is also projected to achieve the ultimate carbon emission reductions proposed by the EPA in its Clean Power Plan by 2035, rather than EPA's final target date of 2013 or its aggressive interim target dates beginning in 2020. Importantly, our plan will significantly reduce reliability issues and economic cost of the Clean Power Plan for our customer while still achieving significant carbon emission reductions. Next, our transmission team continues to identify reliability projects that are important for customers here in our service territory, while pursuing additional competitive investment opportunities both here and beyond as we work to leverage our success as an experienced transmission developer and operator. Finally, we will continue to move forward in executing our Illinois Modernization Action Plan or MAP. We're upgrading our electric and natural gas delivery systems. Turning now to Page 6; in summary, the successful execution of our strategy last year delivered positive results for both our customers and shareholders. On the operating front, it was just another year of solid safety performance as well as strong electric distribution system reliability and base load energy center performance. In addition, our electric rates remained well below regional and national averages, and customer satisfaction improved. Moving to financial performance, we delivered strong earning's growth in 2014 as I've previously mentioned. Ameren as a whole also earned a higher return on equity. Further, the Board of Directors expressed confidence in our long-term outlook by increasing our quarterly dividend, while we maintain financial strength and flexibility. I'm pleased with the progress we made last year, and we're continuing the momentum into this year. Turning now to Page 7; we anticipate that 2015 will be another year of solid earnings growth, but results are expected to be in a range of $2.45 to $2.65 per share. The primary growth drivers are noted on this page, and Marty will discuss them in more detail in few minutes. Turning to Page 8; here we note key areas of focus for this year as we continue to execute our strategic plan. Our FERC-regulated transmission businesses will advance the regional, multi-value, and local reliability projects included in our 2015 through 2019 capital investment plan. Further, our transmission team continues to pursue projects that enhance the reliability, safety, and efficiency of the grid and our service territory; in MISO and neighboring regional transmission organizations, including competitive opportunities under FERC order 1000. In addition, we're working to obtain constructive outcomes in the complaint cases pending at the FERC that seek to reduce the base allowed return on equity for transmission owners in the MISO region, including Ameren Illinois and ATXI. On the matter of allowed returns I'm pleased to note that effective January 6 of this year, the FERC approved our request for an ROE incentive adder about [ph] 50 basis points for both Ameren Illinois and ATXI to reflect our participation in regional transmission organization. Moving to Illinois electric and natural gas delivery, Ameren Illinois will carry on investing in infrastructure improvements under its Modernization Action Plan, which is designed to extend through 2021. This plan includes the installation of approximately 780,000 advanced electric meters and the upgrading of approximately 470,000 gas meters by the end of 2019, including approximately 140,000 electric and 73,000 gas meters this year. To support the execution of our modernization plan, we're working to ensure that legislation extending electric formula ratemaking through 2019, which I already discussed, becomes law. Regarding Illinois natural gas delivery service, last month we filed a request with the Illinois Commerce Commission for an increase in rates to be effective at the beginning of 2016. In Illinois, we were able to use a forward test year to establish rates in our gas business in order to mitigate regulatory line. Successfully advancing this request through the regulatory process will be a key area focus this year. In addition, we began using the Illinois gas infrastructure rider last month. This rider facilitation needed projects to upgrade aging infrastructure, which will improve the reliability and safety for our customers, while providing timely recovery of returns on our investments. Moving now to our Missouri business, we're working diligently to achieve a constructive outcome in our pending electric rate case. As we reported in our form 8-K file last Friday, we learned of an inadvertent disclosure of settlement offer exchanges among Ameren Missouri, Missouri Public Service Commission staff and interveners in the pending electric rate case. The disclosure arouse as a result of the distribution of an incorrect direct email list that included individuals not authorized to receive confidential settlement proposals. The email list was corrected immediately upon the discovery of the error and appropriate actions were promptly taken under regulation FD. Further settlement negotiations have been and will continue to be private among the appropriate parties. As you know, the hearings in this case commenced on Monday of this week; Marty will provide you with some more information on this case in a moment. Modernizing Missouri's regulatory framework also remains a high priority. We're seeking a framework that we reduces regulatory lag and supports increased investment to upgrade the state's aging electric infrastructure. Toward that end, we continue to educate key Missouri stakeholders, including the several freshmen legislators and advocate the legislation that wouldn't prove a regulatory framework to support investment. Legislation has been filed in the Missouri Senate and House of Representatives that is consistent with legislation powered in 2014. It is simply premature at this point to speculate whether this legislation will move forward and be enactive. As we have stated in the past, the execution of our plan is not contingent on the passes of legislation of Missouri. Having said that, we strongly believe a modernized framework to support investment to replace aging infrastructure is clearly in the best long-term interest of our customers and the State of Missouri. Speaking of modern, constructive regulatory frameworks, we have asked the Missouri Public Service Commission to approve a new energy efficiency plan and a Missouri energy efficiency investment act, MEEIA. This plan will begin in 2016 and continue through 2018 and will follow on the heels of our successful current energy efficiency plan. We expect to receive a decision on this request later this year. Earlier I discussed our advocacy for responsible energy policies related to the proposed EPA carbon emission rules. We do so because we simply believe it is the right thing to do for our customers, our country, the environment and our shareholders. And to be clear, so the EPA's final regulations withstand legal challenges that we'll certainly face and ultimately require us to reduce our carbon emissions in manner different from our current plan. We expect that our prudent investments to comply with these regulations will be fairly treated by our regulators as they have been in the past. Finally, we will continue our ongoing efforts to relentlessly improve operating performance including discipline in cost management. Moving on to page 9; our long-term total return outlook, the year ago we laid out of comprehensive plan to grow earnings over the five year period in the end 2018. Today, we're pleased we affirmed that outlook as we continue to expect earnings per share to grow at a 7% to 10% compound annual rate from 2013 to 2018. Like last year, this earnings growth outlook accommodates a range of treasury rates, sales growth, spending levels and regulatory developments. With that said, our earnings growth outlook is primarily driven by strong rate based growth. Looking to the five year period 2014 to 2019, we expect rate based grow at a solid 6% compound annual rate. We have a strong pipeline of investment that will bring superior value to our customers and shareholders over the next five years and beyond. Those investments include strengthening our electric distribution system and installing electric and gas smart meters consistent with the 10-year Illinois Modernization Action Plan. In addition, we will make meaningful investments in our Illinois gas business, upgrading metering equipment's but also replacing and modernizing certain mains, lines and controls to ensure safety and reliability. We will also execute on a extensive list of local transmission liability projects while competing for FERC order 1000 projects. And in Missouri we will make disciplined investments to replace aging transmission and distribution infrastructure while continuing our transmission to a clearer more diverse generation portfolio in a responsible fashion. These will include investments necessary to maintain a reliability of and add further environmental controls too our existing coal-fired energy centers. We'll also include the addition of renewable resources. Looking ahead, we will also remain focused on our dividend, as we recognized the importance of our dividend threshold. The action of our Board of Directors took to increase the dividend last October was indicative of this as well as the confidence we have in our long-term outlook of our regulated utility businesses. We continue to expect our dividend payout ratio range between 55% and 70% of annual earnings. Of course, future dividend increases will be based on consideration of, among other things, earnings growth, cash flows, and economic and other business conditions. And as I stated a moment ago, we are focused on delivering strong earnings growth as we execute our well-defined strategic plan. In closing, we're successfully executing our strategy across the board. And I'm firmly convinced that continuing to do so will deliver superior value to both our customers and our shareholders. Again, thank you all for joining us on today's call. And now I'll turn the call to Mary. Marty?
Marty Lyons: Thanks, Warner. Turning now to Page 11 of our presentation; as Warner noted, today, we reported earnings of $2.40 per share for 2014compared to $2.10 per share for 2013. Key drivers of this increase are listed on this page. Factors favorably affecting the earnings comparison included increased Illinois electric delivery and FERC-regulated transmission earning totaling a $0.11 per share. And I will note that this amount is net of a reserve for a potential reduction in the allowed return on equity for our FERC-regulated transmission businesses. The reserves stems from the pending compliant cases at FERC which have the potential to reduce the current 12.38% base allowed ROE for these services. A reserve calculation assumed the FERC we use the methodology similar to that used in this 2014 order for ISO New England. Further this reserve reflected an ROE reduction retroactive to November 2013 when the initial compliant case was filed. Other factors positively affecting the comparison of 2014 earnings to prior year results included increased rates for Illinois natural gas delivery service effective January 2014 as well as decreased interest charges. A latter reflected the May 2014 maturity of high coupon parent company notes which was funded with lower cost short term debt. Interest charges also declined as a result of a December 2014 Illinois regulatory decision allowing recovery of the majority of the debt redemption cost initially disallowed in charge to earnings in 2013. I addition the absence of the 2013 charge related to Missouri FAC treatment of certain prior period wholesale sales had a positive impact on the earnings comparison. Finally, temperatures had a estimated $0.01 per share positive effect on earnings compared to 2013 of a colder winter in early 2014 was largely offset by a milder summer. Factors having negative effects on the earnings comparison included increased depreciation and amortization expenses and the higher effective income tax rates. In addition operations and maintenance cost not subject to formulate a great making riders or trackers increased year-over-year. Well, such operations and maintenance expenses increased that are utilities as a result to our efforts to improve service to our customers, these increases were partially offset by lower parent company cost reflecting the substantial elimination of business and administrative cost previously incurred to support the domestic merchant generation business. Before I conclude my discussion of 2014 earnings, I'd like to touch on electric sales results for the year. We estimate the weather normalized kilowatt hour sales to residential and commercial customers increased nearly 1% in Illinois, but they declined by nearly 1% in Missouri. However, we calculate that these sales would have increased about 1.5% in Missouri excluding the effect of our energy efficiency programs. In Missouri the earning impact reduced electric sales volumes resulting from our energy efficiency programs as mitigated by revenue recovery under the State Energy Efficiency Investment Act. Kilowatt hour sales to industrial customers in Illinois and Missouri declined combined 1.5%. However, in Missouri such sales would have increased if not for a late year decline in sales to Noranda aluminum, Ameren Missouri's largest customer. Kilowatt hour sales to Noranda declined because of operational issues at their plant, which they have characterized as temporary. Turning to Page 12; I will now briefly update you on select matters pending before our state and federal regulators. In Missouri, the focus is on our pending request for an increase in electric rates to recover higher net energy cost and to recover into a fair return on infrastructure investments made for the benefit of our customers. The request also reflects increased taxes, rebates paid for customer installed solar generation and other costs. Our rate increase request is now been updated for troupe items agreed to by parties to the case, rate base, capital structure and certain revenue in expense items have been trued up through year end 2014. And net energy cost and par roll cost have been trued up through January 1 2015. In addition we reached a partial settlement with the staff of the Missouri Public Service Commission and center interveners on certain revenue requirement issues and filed it with the commissions on Monday. Reflecting the true-up and the settlement our updated rate increase request is approximately $190 million annually, comprised of approximately $100 million for increased net energy cost and approximately 90 million for other cost including our reflected return on equity. This updated request incorporates electric service rate base of approximately $7 billion a reduction from the $7.3 billion contemplated in our initial filing primarily due to the extension of bonus depreciation through 2014. Hearings before the Missouri Public Service Commission began on Monday and are scheduled to continue for a few weeks. A decision from the Missouri Public Service Commission is expected by May with new rates expected to be effective by early June. More details on this case are provided in the appendix to today's presentation. Moving to regulatory matter pending at the Illinois Commerce Commission, Warner mentioned that we filed a request for an annual increase in natural gas delivery rates of $53 million last month. This case is based on a future tax year ending in December 2016 and includes the request for decoupling mechanism that would permit us to collect our authorized revenue requirement from residential, small non-residential customers independent of sales volume fluctuations. We expect the Illinois Commerce Commission to issue a decision in this case by December with new rates effective by January of next year. A summary of this filing is also included in the appendix to today's presentation. Finally, the previously mentioned compliant cases seeking to reduce the allowed ROE from MISO transmission owners including Ameren Illinois and ATXI are pending at the FERC. Last month the FERC established a schedule for the initial case. This schedule calls for hearings to begin august 17 within an initial order from an Administrative Law Judge expected by the end of November of this year and a final order from FERC expected next year. And please to note that the FERC approved affective January 6 of this year our request for an ROE incentive adder of up to 50 basis points for both Ameren Illinois and ATXI to reflect their participation in a regional transmission organization. Collection of this adder will be deferred until the ROE complaint cases are resolved. Moving to page 13 of our presentation, next I'd like to discuss our 2015 earnings guidance. As Warner stated we anticipate that 2015 will be another year of solid earnings growth with per share results anticipated to be in a range $2.45 to $2.65 per share. This expected growth is largely driven by the increases in FERC-regulated transmission and Illinois electric delivery rate base noted on this page. Like 2014 results, our projected 2015 electric transmission earnings include a reserve for a potential reduction in the current MISO base allowed ROE. And also incorporate the 50 basis point ROE adder effective January 6. Further our expected Illinois electric delivery earnings incorporate a formula-based ROE of 8.8% using a forecast of 3.0% for the 2015 average 30 year treasury by yield. Our 2015 Illinois electric delivery guidance also reflects the absence of a $0.03 per share 2014 benefit from a regulatory decision allowing recovery of the majority of previously disallowed debt redemption costs. Looking at Ameren Missouri, projected 2015 earnings will benefit from the absence this year of a nuclear refueling and maintenance outage at the Callaway Energy Center. Such outages typically occur every 18 months, and the next one is scheduled for the spring of 2016. In addition, new higher Missouri electric delivery rates are expected to become effective in early June. Until these new rates are effective, Missouri earnings will be negatively affected by regulatory lags, reflecting the absence of our turn it off and on investments and projects completed since our last rate case, including the major projects that entered service late last year. Before I leave the discussion of 2015 expectations for our Illinois and Missouri utilities, I would like to mention our sales outlook and temperature effects. Up to the right on page 13, you see that a return to normal temperatures in 2015 would reduce Ameren's earnings by an estimated $0.03 per share compared to 2014. Further, we expect weather normalized kilowatt hour sales to residential and commercial customers to decrease by approximately one half of 1% compared to last year. The higher sales to commercial customers more than offset by lower sales to residential customers as a result of our energy efficiency programs. Net of the effects of Missouri's energy efficiency programs, we expect Ameren-wide kilowatt hour sales to residential and commercial customers to be roughly flat. Turning to industrial customers, kilowatt hour sale to this group are expected to increase approximately 2.5% compared to last year with a larger part of that growth expected to come in Illinois. As I previously mentioned, the earnings effect have reduced Missouri electric sales volumes due to our energy efficiency programs is mitigated under our MEEIA plan. Further, the earnings impacted kilowatt hour sales, fluctuations in Illinois is limited by the 50 basis point color around the allowed ROE for our delivery service business. Before moving to Page 14, I do want to highlight that we recognized that investors are interested in understanding the sensitivity of our earnings outlook to changes in our allowed ROEs given our formulae at rake making and pending rake cases. Therefore on this page we have provided estimates of 2015 earnings per share sensitivities associated with hypothetical changes in allowed ROEs. Moving into Page 14; parent and other costs are expected to decline as a result of a full year of interest cost savings related to the previously mentioned May 2014 maturity of high cost parent company debt. We also forecast our 2015 effective income tax rates will be about 38% a decrease of approximately one percentage point from the 2014 effective rate. Finally, this earnings guidance incorporates average basic common shares outstanding of 242.6 million unchanged from the prior year level. Continued on Page 15, for 2015 we anticipate negative free cash flow of approximately $500 million. On the right side of this page, we provide a breakdown of our $1.96 billion of planned 2015 capital expenditures. We plan to fund this year's negative free cash flow and debt maturities with a mix of long and short term borrowings including expected long-term debt issuances of $500 million. Turning to Page 16 of this presentation, here we provide an overview of our $8.9 billion of planned regulated capital expenditures for the 2015 through 2019 period. The expected funding sources for these infrastructure investments are listed on this page. In particular, we expect to benefit from approximately $1.1 billion to $1.2 billion of income tax deferrals and tax assets over this period. The expected changes in deferred taxes are driven primarily by our planned capital expenditures. The tax assets include approximately $715 million of Federal and State net operating loss carry forwards, Federal and State income tax credit carry forwards, and expected income tax refunds and tax over payments at year end 2014. Approximately $440 million of these tax assets are at the parent company and are not currently earning a return. These tax assets are expected to be realized into 2017. As I previously mentioned, we do not expect to issue any additional common shares in 2015. Further we do not plan to issue additional common shares via public offering through 2019. Should we decide to issue additional equity at some point over this five-year period, we would expect to do so by issuing new shares through our dividend reinvestment in 401K plans. We remain committed to funding our capital expenditures in a manner that maintains solid credit metrics, and this is reflected in our capitalization target of around 50% equity. Moving to Page 17; we plan to invest a substantial $2.3 billion in FERC-regulated projects over the five years ending in 2019 with $1.3 billion of this at ATXI and the remaining $1 billion at Ameren Illinois. Here, we provide an updated cost estimate for the Illinois Rivers project incorporating the final route approved by the Illinois Commerce Commission. The updated cost estimate for ATXIs investment in the project is $1.3 billion compared to our prior estimate of $1.1 billion. In addition, Ameren Illinois is building parts of the project that connects its transmission system to ATXIs portion of Illinois Rivers at multiple points. These expenditures as well as local reliability and expansion investments for which there continues to be in need are included in Ameren Illinois five-year spending plan. The entire Illinois Rivers project represents an estimated investment of $1.4 billion. I'm pleased to report that the project is progressing as planned and we continue to expect the first section to be completed 2016 with the last section slated for completion in 2019. Now turning to Page 18; I will summarize. We delivered strong 14% earnings per share growth in 2014 and are successfully executing our strategy. As a result we expect to again deliver solid earnings growth in 2015 compared to 2014. We also reaffirm that earnings per share are expected to grow at a strong 7% to 10% compound annual rate from 2013 through 2018. Of course, long-term earnings growth is driven by investment utility infrastructure for the benefit of our customers. We expect 6% compound annual rate based growth over the five-year period of 2014 through 2019 based on a transparent mix of needed transmission, distribution, and generation investments across multiple regulatory jurisdictions. We believe that highly visible growth is outstanding as compared to what appears finally Ameren $1.64 per share annualized dividend rate provides investors with a current yield of approximately 3.8%. In our view this expected earnings and rate based growth coupled with our dividend yield add up to a very attractive total return on proposition for investors. That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] Our first question today comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Go ahead with your question, please.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Hi, good morning. Can you hear me?
Marty Lyons: Yes, Julien, this is Marty. You're a bit weak, please do speak up.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: All right, indeed; excellent. So perhaps the first quick question on the CAGR, if you will, just why not roll forward and have a consistent rate-based EPS CAGR; anything in particular as you think about earnings in '19 or was this just kind of a fluke?
Marty Lyons: Well, I would not call that a fluke. Now look, we felt it would be good to continue to provide updates to the guidance that we provided last year. We put a stake in the ground that we expected to grow earnings in 7% to 10% from '13 to '18. And I think it's certainly important that we continue to let you know where we track against that. So as I said on the call, longer term we really believe that growth in this business is driven by a rate-based growth and longer term, certainly plan to provide in the rate-based growth outlook that we've provided. So we think that's a good basis going forward to continue to provide longer term outlook.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Okay, fair enough. Moving on to some of the details here, as you think about gas, and specifically the new rider, is there a kind of a full year contribution here in '15 or should we think about this somewhat lagged in the '16 as kind of the benefits fully accrue?
Marty Lyons: Again, you're talking about the gas business in Illinois, the rider we're using there?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Yes.
Marty Lyons: Really the benefit should be primarily realized this year as we utilize that rider. There is a very small lag associated with that rider. It's only a couple of months. So the benefits really realized beginning in 2015 and using that rider.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Great, and then a little nitpicky here; but why the reserve now on the ROE for the transmission side, what triggered that, I suppose, if I can ask?
Marty Lyons: Yes, what really triggered that is as we looked at we certainly study the orders that FERC has given, not only in ISO New England, but with other companies that come before them. There was a December order that FERC issued relative to another company, which we believe gave better clarification as to how the FERC is going to think about computing the ROEs for the various refund periods that exist with respect to these complaint filings. So using the ISO New England as well as the guidance provided at the FERC order, we felt that we could reasonably estimate a reserve to book, thought it was prudent to do so, prudent to get that reserve booked and behind us, and so therefore we've done that. You didn't ask specifically about the amount, but I can tell you that the reserve that we recorded get you to an ROE about at the same place that the FERC landed in the ISO New England order.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got you, excellent. Well, I'll get back in the queue. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Go head with your question, please.
Stephen Byrd: Good morning.
Marty Lyons: Good morning, Stephen.
Stephen Byrd: I wanted to just talk about the resource plan and EPA regulation [ph]. Assuming that later this year we do receive a plan that looks a lot like the draft plan that we received, could you talk a little bit about how you think and your constituents think about the timing for actually executing the plan? There's always litigation around big plans such as this from the EPA, but curious in the face of that, do you see a need and a desire to try to at least start to move forward with your plan, to move towards compliance? Or would there be a delay before moving forward, given the litigation? How do you think about that?
Warner Baxter: Stephen, this is Warner. Of course if the EPA issues a Clean Power Plan, which is identical to what the rules are as they've even proposed today, of course, we will move forward to be in compliance with that plan recognizing as you rightly pointed out there will be litigation we believe surrounding this plan for several years, which is as you probably know one of the issues that not just we, but many in the industry have raised. But we will do our best to drop rate under that, but as we've raised that to others, we have concerns with not just the economic impacts, but I think what you're starting to see in these hearings at the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission are conducting, there are real concerns about reliability risks, significant concerns. So we're hopeful that the EPA is listening very carefully to the concerns that we're raising, those concerns that are being raised in the industry, but also by those that are experts in the industry to ensure the reliability, and frankly those outside of the industry. So we're hopeful that the EPA and listening to that will make modifications that will make it acceptable if that will ultimately withstand the legal challenges.
Stephen Byrd: Great, that's helpful; and just switching over to transmission, just curious as you think about integrating other utilities in. I'm thinking about Entergy, but more broadly, additional transmission planning. It looks like you're prosecuting well on existing projects, but maybe just at a high level, if you could speak to potential for additional transmission spend?
Warner Baxter: As we planned out during the call, this is Warner again; no, we think that the opportunities are really twofold. Number one, well we've talked a lot about the FERC 1000 projects, we sit there, sit among the seams [ph] of SPP, we have opportunities within MISO especially with the addition of Entergy and of course within the seams of PJM. And because of all of those, we believe that there continue to be robust opportunities for us to make proposals and combine that with our operating experience and our knowledge of the system, we believe we have a very good opportunity to enhance our transmission spend and investment because of those. I wouldn't stop there. We've taken a hard look [technical difficulty] and we continue to do so in terms of just local reliability projects to continue to improve the system for our customers here within both Missouri and Illinois, as well as in opportunities that would enhance just within MISO. So, Stephen, I see that with -- putting those things combined, we see meaningful investment opportunities in the transmission business, and especially, that's fruitful when you have a framework which is supportive of investment in transmission.
Stephen Byrd: Great. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steve Fleishman with Wolfe Research. Go ahead with your question, please.
Steve Fleishman: Yes. Hi, good morning guys.
Marty Lyons: Hi, Steve.
Steve Fleishman: I had a couple specific questions related to your ROE and interest rate assumptions. So first on the Illinois business, it looks like in '15 you're using a 3%, 30-year. So if you assumed it stayed flat through 2018, I assume your core base is off like the four curves for the 30-year or something? Is that how you…
Marty Lyons: Yes. When we do our planning, certainly we look to blue chip estimates of economists that are out there in terms of where they see the interest rates going, which is where we get the 3% honestly is looking at consensus forecast for interest rates for 2015, and then they obviously project out beyond them.
Steve Fleishman: But if you stayed at 3% over your five-year growth period, you'd still be within your range but at the lower end maybe or lower half? Is that what you're saying?
Marty Lyons: Yes. Fair question, Steve. The answer to that is yes. I mean if you took the ROEs that are embedded in our guidance this year for 2015, and you held those constant out through 2018, we project that we would be within that 7% to 10% range as you mentioned, albeit at the lower end of the range perhaps, but clearly within the range.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then a little more explicitly on the FERC transmission ROE aspect and the reserve you're taking and assumption. So you mentioned you're using the FERC New England methodology, and it happens to come up with roughly a similar actual number range. Is that what clarifies -- is that what you said?
Marty Lyons: Yes, Steve, that's right. I think that obviously we've got an ongoing case. We don't think that we want to get into the details of the computation, and we will let our testimony in that case speak for itself over time, but I didn't want to give some sense for the accounting reserve that we booked, and I would tell you that the reserve we booked reflects in ROE similar to the outcome of that ISO New England case.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, and then how about in terms of the incentive aspects? So you're adding the 50 BPs adder, but you're also including the similar incentive cap that was in that case?
Marty Lyons: I would say that, Steve, so for the historical [technical difficulty] 2014 back to late 2013, we didn't reflect any kind of an adder, any kind of 50 basis point adder. Going forward, however, in '15, what has been embedded in our guidance is I would say take that -- approximately take that ISO New England outcome, add 50 basis point adder, and that's about what we get reflected in our guidance for 2015.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, and just to sum up on all of this, if you, on the FERC transmission business and ROEs, as you go through the period, if you're assuming higher interest rates, as you are in Illinois, do you assume you go back into FERC and seek higher ROEs? Or do you assume it stays at this reduced level that you're reserving at?
Marty Lyons: Steve, over time we will have to assess that. We will have to see how these cases come out and then assess through time how we will go about updating FERC ROEs [technical difficulty]. So I don't want to get into exactly what we got embedded in our 7% to 10% growth in our own plan going forward for FERC. As I mentioned if you took the current ROEs, embed in our 2015 guidance and held them constant through 2018 without any change, you would stay within that 7% to 10%. You would have to believe, I guess what I would agree with you on is that over time if we see cost of capital rising, if we believe it's prudent to adjust the ROEs upward, we certainly take action and pursue that with the FERC.
Steve Fleishman: Okay, great. Thank you, I appreciate, I just want to make sure I understood those aspects. So I appreciate going through all of it.
Marty Lyons: Yes, absolutely.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Go ahead with your question, please.
Paul Patterson: Hi. I just want to touch basically on just to clarify exactly what was sort of settled on Monday in Missouri, and what was left out; you guys are asking for 180 million, you broke out the components of that pretty well. I'm just trying to get senses to what was settled and what wasn't settled in the case if you could just elaborate a little further on that on Monday, the non-unanimous settlement that you guys filed?
Michael Moehn: Sure. Paul, this is Michael Moehn. In terms of what was settled and it is public and so you can get the stipulation agreement. There were a lot of issues of payroll and incentive compensation, advertising board fees, and…
Paul Patterson: I guess what I was wondering is what's not settled, I guess, or what's -- if you followed what I'm saying, what's still contested that you guys has left open? Do you follow me?
Michael Moehn: Yes. So the large issues that are obviously return on equity, we have some tax issue, that are open today, obviously the trackers, the FAC, the office of public counsels proposing to renew that track or change the sharing percentage. Staff is proposing to remove the storm tracker. There are some meaningful depreciation issues that are still open today, and there are few amortization issues that are at risk as well.
Paul Patterson: So the bid on the ask between staff and you, do we have an updated number on that?
Marty Lyons: No, Paul, we don't have, really I can't say a good point estimate for where the staff is today. We did put sort of baking the ground in terms of our own [technical difficulty] which is obviously we know our own position, which is in the back you will see $190 million, $100 million of that's net energy costs, about $90 of its other costs. I can tell you that [technical difficulty] the original case that we filed to the case that we have today, our non-fuel ask is down about 45 million. That's probably 25 million to 30 million due to lower rate base primarily bonus depreciation. The other 15 million to 20 million due to updates of pension, post-retirement, medical, and active medical, so lot of those costs will actually go through rider and trackers, but it gives you a little bit of a sense for how our position move from the original position to where we are today. Michael provided you some of the color on some of positions that the other parties have taken. We've provided an overview or summary of that in our materials as well in the appendix. [Technical difficulty] as I sit here today an exact bid ask spread.
Paul Patterson: Okay, and then you mentioned the seams opportunity that you guys have, which makes a lot of sense. But as you know, there's also a proceeding or a couple -- well I guess a generalized, generic proceeding with respect to MISO PJM on capacity transfer and day ahead and a whole variety of other things. And although it's been moving slowly, in some respects, it's moving. It appears to be at least. And FERC has recently put out an order and stuff on it, and I'm just wondering do you think -- do you have any perspective on that? And could that impact your transmission opportunities, depending on how that unfolds? Or are those transmission opportunities there, pretty much regardless of what happens with this generic PJM MISO seams proceeding…
Marty Lyons: Yes, Paul. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt you Paul, anything else?
Paul Patterson: No, no. That's what I want to talk.
Marty Lyons: I appreciate that. Maureen Borkowski, who is the President of our Transmission Organization [ph], she will probably touch on some more of the details around those current proceedings, so Maureen?
Maureen Borkowski: Yes, this is Maureen. Hi, Paul. I think you are correct that certainly the thing that go on in that capacity and the resource adequacy marketplace do affect the opportunities and the transmission business. Obviously we've been continuing to be active participants in PJM solicitations for internal projects, but also if you continue to look at any kinds of cross-border transmissions projects between MISO and PJM, that would improve power transfers, both energy and capacity. So I think you are right on that there are definitely opportunities there.
Paul Patterson: Okay, and then just on the Missouri legislation, where do we stand on that and how does it look vis-a-vis last year's efforts?
Michael Moehn: Yes. Again, Paul, this is Michael Moehn. As Warner said, I mean it is similar legislation. The Senate Bill 310 and House Bill 925 are very similar to last year. I think we are early in the session, so it's difficult to speculate sort of the outcome. We are spending a lot of time with various stakeholders, again, explaining, there are lot of freshmen legislators there, explaining the importance of this legislation, the need to modernize the regulatory framework to get working on the aging infrastructure issue. And we are certainly mindful that all of the utilities in Missouri are in for rate cases, and so this is a factor that we have to be aware of, but as we said in the past we're going to continue to pursue this, and be relentless about trying to get it across the finish line, but I think it's probably a bit premature to speculate the outcome.
Paul Patterson: Okay, anything specifically different than last couple of years, basically that we should be thinking about?
Michael Moehn: I'm sorry.
Paul Patterson: Anything specifically different than couple of years, I mean you guys made these efforts before; is there anything in the environment that you might want to point to as being perhaps more constructive for you to get this?
Michael Moehn: I think the environment is really about the same at this point. I think there is probably better understanding of the issue today as we continue to spend more and more with folks about how seriously the structure issue is and trying to address it. But beyond that, the environment is very similar.
Paul Patterson: Okay.
Marty Lyons: I'll add one other thing, Paul, which I think is helpful is we are certainly in the conversations that we had in Missouri. We point to the success that we continue to have with constructive legislation in Illinois, not how it's only improving the liability, not only how Richard and the Illinois team continue to hit their metrics, but also how they are creating jobs. So all of things are right across the river, and those are important conversations that we continue to point out, because we see that as really the opportunity [technical difficulty] to do something in the future. So we got a [technical difficulty] we think that is another important aspect of our conversation today.
Paul Patterson: Excellent. Thanks a lot, guys.
Marty Lyons: Sure.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Brian Russo with Ladenburg Thalmann. Go ahead with your question, please.
Brian Russo: Hi, good morning.
Marty Lyons: Good morning.
Brian Russo: You mentioned the 3%, 30-year Treasury rate assumption in the 2015 guidance. Could you just remind us, I assume that's at the midpoint of your guidance, but if interest rates were to change, say 25 basis points relative to that 3% assumption, what's the EPS impact?
Marty Lyons: Fair again, 25 basis points, probably a penny and penny and half. We actually did provide a sensitivity, when you take a look at Slide 13, some kind of small print, I recognize, but in the Illinois -- Ameren Illinois electric delivery section, we note that a 50 basis point move in EPS, [technical difficulty] about 2.5 cents, so obviously 25 [technical difficulty] half of that.
Brian Russo: Okay, got it.
Marty Lyons: Pretty small in the grand scheme of the earnings guidance for this year.
Brian Russo: Right, and if we were to use 2014 actual EPS or weather-normalized EPS as a base, would your EPS CAGR be more of like 6% to 9.5% versus 7% to 10% off the 2013 base?
Marty Lyons: Oh, you are talking about -- what year do you want to measure for '14 looking out to '18.
Brian Russo: Correct.
Marty Lyons: Yes. So, last year somebody had asked, "Hey, what's the growth rate off of '14?" And we replied 6 to 9.50. At that time, when you look at our '14 guidance with midpoint was 235. The weather normalized results for 2014, they're $2.37. So that's 69.5 numbers and it still holds. Basically 69.5 of a '14 out through '18 is a CAGR, is equivalent to the 7 to 10 off of '13.
Brian Russo: Okay, great, and it seems like you mentioned the $300 million less rate base in the Missouri operations. But it looks like your CapEx in 2015 is higher, is like -- and you reiterated the 6% rate-base CAGRs. When we look to 2018 and 2019, do you still fall in the same spot you previously were?
Marty Lyons: You raised a good point. When you look at CapEx for this past year, we really came in right where [technical difficulty] at we would. We forecasted to be it about 1.850 billion finish the year, nearly 1.8 billion. So it's pretty much on top of where we'd expect it. We're expecting a little bit of an uptick in 2015 in terms of capital expenditure up about another 175 million as we reported on the call to about 1.960 billion. And that level is little bit of an uptick mainly due to [technical difficulty] timing of our projects. But if also you take a look at the slide 16 that we provided where we lay out our expected capital expenditure over the five year period, we're projecting $8.9 billion of regulated infrastructure investment over this period and that's actually up over the prior year five-year period. So we back in last year we'd said '14 through '18 was going to be about 8.3 billion. Now we've moved up to 8.9. We have added about $600 million of the overall capital expenditure the five-year to this five-year plan as compared to the old one. So we have added expenditures, we've added expenditures that we translated to rate based growth in amount of is roughly doubled what we see as the negative impact of bonus depreciations. We're more than [technical difficulty] with identified additional projects to invest in for the benefit of our customers. On Slide 9 that's where we actually show then our expected rate base growth and basically [Technical difficulty] rate base 6% from '14 to '19. That's a very similar rate to what we had before for 2013 to 2018. But you can see because of that added capital expenditures over the five-year period that the ending rate base of projected rate base 15.5 [technical difficulty] about 9% more than what we had last year [technical difficulty] at the end of '18. And one should not assume either that the CapEx that we added has backend loaded. It's really been added throughout the period of an ultimately [technical difficulty]rate base number at the end of '19 was just about 9% higher than what we had then projecting for '18.
Brian Russo: Okay, great that's very helpful. And then just lastly, you mentioned reg lag in Missouri impacted 2014 results in that jurisdiction. Is it possible to quantify what your earned ROE was in Missouri in '14?
Marty Lyons: When you get the 10K, I think you can calculate it may be able to calculate of stats page. We earned pretty close of slightly below the allowed ROE in Missouri. What we're really talking about lag and the call though was more about '15. We put a number of projects and service at the end of 2014, those begin to be depreciated and we no longer capitalize in return on those. So [technical difficulty] early '15 we do experience a lag until we can get the rates reset to our reflect recovery of those costs and rates that reflects an appropriate return on those investments. That's the lag I think we're really [technical difficulty].
Brian Russo: Is it possible to quantify that lag in terms of basis points of the allowed?
Marty Lyons: No, I don't have that foray. It's basically we will have that lag for the first five or so months of the year but don't have an exact quantification of that.
Brian Russo: Okay, thank you very much.
Marty Lyons: For 2014, we do file these surveillance reports with the Missouri Public Service Commission and we earned 9.71 in 2014 in Missouri.
Brian Russo: Good, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Go ahead with your question, please.
Michael Lapides: Hey guys, congrats on a good 2014 and thank you for taking my questions. One small one; what do you assume in guidance for costs at the holding Company or parent level?
Marty Lyons: Yes, sure. Good. Michael, good morning by the way; this is Marty. Good question. So last year we had guided that I guess in 2013, we'd had about $0.18 or so of parent other cost. We had projected to drive those down in '14, which we were successful of doing. We said to $0.10 below which is where we ended up including I'd say the effects of dilution. We probably had about $0.09 of drag and we expect that we will be able to reduce that further in 2015. Of course you know that we get the full year benefit of that maturity at their parent company where we had the high cost stat. so we do expect another $0.04 or so of interest savings. So expect to drive that number down to maybe about $0.05 depending upon taxes and things like that, maybe even a hair lower. But we're expecting $0.05 or little bit under in terms of parent company drag in 2015.
Michael Lapides: Got it, and when thinking longer term in Illinois, do you think there is a -- whether it's legislative or whether it's done via the regulatory process, there is a transformative-like investment opportunity on the gas delivery side, like what's happened on the electric delivery side for both you and Commonwealth Edison in Illinois in terms of the legislation that was passed a few years ago and what it did to both capital spending, rate-based growth, investment in the system, employment, et cetera.
Marty Lyons: I don't know, Michael whether there's anything more transformative. I think when you look at the gas business in Illinois, we've already ramped up some investment there because we do see that as constructive environment as it exist today. As you know we have the ability to use forward looking tax years for our gas rates and the rate case that we have pending today as we mentioned on the call looks out to 2016 uses 2016 projects cost and rate base we think that's constructive. And then we began to be able to use basically a rider for qualifying infrastructure projects so that we can actually adjust rates monthly between rate cases to reflect the return of and return on those qualifying projects. We believe there's been enhancement made to the framework which is actually allowing us to step up investments and we're replacing meter modules and gas business alongside the meter replacement program that we've got going on the electric portion of the business and it's allowing us also to make some necessary investments in that business to ensure safety as well as reliability of the gas business. I think more of [technical difficulty] that may reflect or spare investment over time, we think the infrastructure --we think again that framework is good, but it will be whether we see some additional safety rules that come out at the national level or apply at may drive actually investments spending. And but we do believe that we have the framework in place that if we're required to make those investments that will be treated absolutely fairly in terms of the regulatory process.
Michael Lapides: Got it. Thank you, Marty. One last one and little bit of a housekeeping item here; can you break up -- the slide's confusing a little bit, what the ATXI transmission rate base is at the end of 2014 or the average rate base versus the Ameren Illinois transmission rate base? And then that same question, but on the CapEx side for 2015.
Marty Lyons: Yes, Doug is going to see if he can pull that out. If he can pull that out -- I don't have that in front of me. If he can pull it out readily, Michael that's certainly something that we can follow up and provide to you. I will tell you that just in terms of the earnings for 2015 I think we're looking at may be about $0.05 or so earnings [technical difficulty] from ATXI in 2015. That sort of embedded in our guidance and that…
Doug Fischer: Michael, I don't have it at my fingertips but we did give you some websites at the back of the presentation that show our attachment old filings for the total is about 1.4 billion average rate base for '15, but the breakout; it is public in there [technical difficulty] don't have that rate in front of me.
Michael Lapides: No problem, I'm getting a little granular, and sorry to be a pain. I'll follow up, I'll take this one offline guys.
Marty Lyons: Thank you, Michael. Thanks for your questions.
Michael Lapides: Thank you, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Andy Levi with Avon Capital Advisors. Go ahead with your question, please.
Andy Levi: Hi how you doing? Actually, I think I'm all set, but thank you. Everything looks good.
Marty Lyons: Thanks, Andy.
Doug Fischer: If you give me -- this is Doug, if you give me just a second here; I think I may have found that information here, Andrew is going to help me here for a second. Yes, thanks. It's about half a billion for ATXI, and about 900 million for Ameren Illinois is the number here I'm getting.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Fischer. I would like to turn the call back over to you for closing comments.
Warner Baxter: Doug, closing comments, please.
Doug Fischer: Yes. Thank you for participating in this call. Let me remind you again that a replay of the call will be available for one year on our Web site. If you have questions, you may call the contacts listed on today's release. Financial analyst inquiries should be directed to me, Doug Fischer. Media should call Joe Muehlenkamp. Our contact numbers are on today's news release. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Fischer. This will conclude our teleconference for today. You may disconnect your lines at this time. We thank you for your participation. Have a great day.

===== 2014 Q3  (2014-11-06 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas Fischer -  Warner L. Baxter - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Martin J. Lyons - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Maureen A. Borkowski - Chairman of ATX, Chief Executive Officer of ATX and President of ATX Michael L. Moehn - Senior Vice President of Customer Operations of Ameren Missouri
Analysts: Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Michael Weinstein - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division David A. Paz - Wolfe Research, LLC
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Ameren Corporation Third Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Doug Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Fischer. You may now begin.
Douglas Fischer: Thank you, and good morning. I'm Doug Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today are Warner Baxter, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Marty Lyons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; as well as other members of the Ameren management team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet, and the webcast will be available for 1 year on our website at ameren.com. Further, this call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast, and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted on our website a presentation that will be referenced by our speakers, who may use terms or acronyms which are defined in the document. To access this presentation, please look in the Investors section of our website under Webcasts & Presentations and follow the appropriate link. Turning to Page 2 of the presentation. I need to inform you that comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the Forward-looking Statements section in the news release we issued today and the Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors sections in our filings with the SEC. Warner will begin this call with comments on third quarter financial results and full year earnings guidance. He will then provide a business update. Marty will follow with a more detailed discussion of third quarter results and provide updates on financial and regulatory matters. We will then open the call for questions. Before Warner begins, I would like to mention that all per share amounts discussed during today's presentation, including earnings guidance, are presented on a diluted and continuing operations basis, unless otherwise noted. Now here's Warner, who will start on Page 4 of the presentation.
Warner L. Baxter: Thanks, Doug, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, we announced third quarter 2014 earnings of $1.20 per share compared to the year-ago quarter's earnings of $1.25 per share. This earnings decrease primarily reflected milder summer temperatures in this year's quarter, which reduced native load electric sales volume. This lowered earnings by an estimated $0.06 per share compared to the year-ago quarter and by an estimated $0.09 per share compared to normal. Marty will discuss other key drivers of third quarter earnings in a few minutes. While the milder-than-normal third quarter temperatures erased most of the weather-related earnings benefits realized earlier in the year, we remain on track to deliver strong earnings growth in 2014. In fact, earnings for the 9 months ended September 30 of this year were $2.21 per share, an increase of $0.30 per share compared to the year-ago 9-month period. As a result, today, we narrowed our earnings guidance range for this year to $2.30 to $2.45 per share from our prior range of $2.30 to $2.50 per share. Turning to page 5. We have also reaffirmed our longer-term earnings per share growth outlook of 7% to 10%, compounded annually from 2013 to 2018. In addition, I am pleased to note that last month, our Board of Directors increased our quarterly dividend to $0.41 per share, resulting in a new indicated annual rate of $1.64 per share. This is a 2.5% increase from the prior rate of $1.60 per share and reflects the increased financial stability that resulted from the disposition of the merchant power business and our confidence in the outlook for our regulated utility businesses. Looking ahead, we continue to expect our dividend payout ratio to be between 55% and 70% of annual earnings. Of course, future dividend increases will be based on consideration of, among other things, earnings growth, cash flows, economic and other business conditions. And, as I stated a moment ago, we are focused on delivering strong earnings growth in the future as we execute our well-defined strategic plan. Which takes me to Page 6 of the presentation. Our strategic plan calls for investing in and operating our utilities in a manner consistent with existing regulatory frameworks. In addition, we are working to enhance those frameworks as well as advocating for responsible energy policies at both the federal and state levels. Finally, we are focused on delivering superior, sustainable long-term earnings growth by creating and capitalizing on opportunities to invest in our rate-regulated businesses for the benefit of our customers and shareholders. Turning now to Page 7. In line with our strategy, we are allocating capital consistent with the various regulatory frameworks under which our utilities operate, and our plan for doing so over the 5 years ending in 2018 is outlined on this page. We are investing significant and growing amounts of discretionary capital in our FERC-regulated electric transmission activities at Ameren Illinois and Ameren Transmission Company of Illinois and in Ameren Illinois' electric and natural gas delivery businesses. We are doing so because these investments can improve the reliability, safety and sustainability of the service we provide to our customers and because these businesses operate under modern, constructive regulatory frameworks. Further, these investments benefit our regional economy by creating jobs. Overall, we have developed a solid list of projects at each of our subsidiaries and expect combined rate base to grow at a rate of approximately 6% compounded annually over the noted 5-year period. We project that this rate base growth and capital allocation, particularly to FERC-regulated transmission, will lead to the strong earnings growth that I previously mentioned. Moving now to Page 8. I am very pleased to say that we are successfully implementing this 5-year investment plan. In Missouri, we are currently focused on completing several key projects. We are replacing the reactor vessel head at our Callaway Nuclear Energy Center during its current refueling and maintenance outage, which I'm happy to report is proceeding according to plan. We're also installing additional environmental controls at our Labadie Energy Center and placing into service the largest investor-owned solar facility in the state. These projects are expected to be in service by year end so that they, along with recently completed substations like the one shown on the cover of this presentation, can meet our customers' energy needs and expectations as well as be included in the rate base used to compute the revenue requirement in our pending electric rate case. Reflecting these and other projects, our rate case filing includes rate base additions of approximately $500 million compared to those included in our prior rate order in late 2012. In Illinois, we continue to implement our electric and natural gas distribution system modernization action plan. Our customers have already experienced improvements in service quality, including reliability, as a result of the investments we are making. This modernization plan includes the installation of approximately 780,000 advanced electric meters and approximately 470,000 advanced natural gas meter modules. Since we began the effort this summer, we have installed approximately 17,000 new electric and 5,000 new gas meter modules as part of the initial stage of this multiyear effort. And we expect these installations to reach at least 40,000 and 25,000, respectively, by year end. In addition, our FERC-regulated electric transmission activities continue to grow with projects at both Ameren Illinois and Ameren Transmission Company of Illinois proceeding on schedule. In fact, we have invested approximately $375 million in such transmission projects over the first 9 months of this year, on our way to a planned investment of more than $525 million for the full year. This includes Illinois Rivers, the largest of our transmission projects, where construction has started on 7 of 10 substations and real estate easements have been obtained on 40% of the properties along the route. In addition, foundation construction on one line segment has begun, and clearing on another line segment is well underway. Of course, execution of our strategic plan requires successfully managing rate cases to recover and earn fair returns in the investments we're making to benefit customers as well as addressing other regulatory matters. In Missouri, we are squarely focused on achieving a constructive conclusion to the $264 million electric rate case we filed in July. The key driver of this rate request is capital projects, including those I mentioned earlier. In Illinois, our annual proceeding for updating electric delivery formula rates is nearing conclusion. Based on the recent administrative law judges' recommendation in this case, I expect that we will achieve a constructive outcome. Marty will provide more details on these regulatory matters a bit later. Finally, to mitigate rate increases for our customers and to maximize value for our shareholders, we remain relentlessly focused on operational improvement and disciplined management of our costs. A good example of our progress in this area is the award won by Ameren Missouri's largest coal-fired energy center, Labadie. In August of this year, Navigant recognized Labadie as the top-performing large-unit, coal-fired energy center in the United States based on detailed analysis of cost, performance and safety data. Another example of our focus on cost management is the $0.07 per share reduction in parent and other operating costs we achieved for the 9 months ended September 30 of this year compared to the year-ago period. Turning now to Page 9. In addition to the progress we are making in executing our plans for the current 5-year period, we are focused on creating and capitalizing on additional opportunities beyond 2018. Our Illinois Modernization Action Plan is a 10-year plan designed to extend through 2021. With the support of continued constructive ratemaking, we expect to continue to make significant investments under this plan to enhance the reliability and safety of our electric and gas delivery systems in Illinois. Further, we are pursuing additional FERC-regulated electric transmission projects in the Midwest region beyond those included in our current 2014 through 2018 investment plan. We have the exclusive right to build the projects already included in our current 5-year plan. Future projects may include those we have the exclusive right to build, as well as regional and interregional projects that would be subject to competition under FERC Order 1000. We are particularly focused on Order 1000 projects that would resolve transmission system issues in and around Ameren's traditional service territory, including projects in and between MISO Central, MISO South, PJM and SPP. Our transmission development team continues to actively respond to competitive solicitations at the regional and interregional levels that are conducted by MISO, PJM and SPP and have submitted many project solutions. These regional transmission organizations are expected to make awards in these solicitations as soon as the end of next year. Finally, in Missouri, we have numerous opportunities for additional investment. These include the installation of new advanced meters and replacement of aging transmission and distribution infrastructure. We also have the opportunity to make investments to transition to a cleaner, more diverse generation portfolio in a responsible fashion, including further environmental controls on our existing coal-fired energy centers and the addition of renewable and gas-fired combined cycle generation capacity. We believe these longer-term opportunities for investment will benefit customers by improving reliability, safety, market efficiency and the environment. Turning to Page 10. Speaking of electric generation and the environment, Ameren Missouri filed its integrated resource plan or IRP with the Missouri Public Service Commission last month, which it does every 3 years. This document details our assessment of the electric energy needs of our customers for the coming 20 years and puts forward our preferred plan for meeting those needs. The 2014 IRP outlines our plan to deliver safe, reliable and reasonably priced electricity to our customers, while transitioning Ameren Missouri's generation fleet to a cleaner and more diverse portfolio in a responsible fashion. It includes expanding renewable generation, retiring coal-fired generation capacity as this capacity reaches the end of its useful life and adding cleaner-burning natural gas-fired combined cycle generation. Further, we expect to continue to offer significant levels of energy efficiency programs under the constructive regulatory framework in Missouri for these investments and to begin to offer demand response programs. As noted on Page 10, we project that our preferred plan will acquire an investment of approximately $4.5 billion over the 20-year period for new generation and environmental controls. This amount is in addition to investments Ameren Missouri anticipates making to maintain and improve its existing energy centers and its transmission and distribution systems. As we have stated in the past, the level and timing of these investments will be influenced by the regulatory framework in place to support investment in energy infrastructure. Our preferred plan is projected to achieve the ultimate carbon emissions reductions proposed by the U.S. EPA this past summer in its Clean Power Plan by 2035 rather than the EPA's final target date of 2030 or its aggressive interim target dates beginning in 2020. Our plan will achieve these significant carbon emission reductions at a cost to customers that is estimated to be $4 billion less than what would be incurred to meet the EPA's proposal. In addition, our plan would provide us with important operational flexibility to address changes in customer energy demand, changes in technology and new regulations, among other things. Finally, our approach would significantly mitigate potential regional reliability risks that have been raised by many in our industry. That is why we are aggressively advocating for energy policies at both the federal and state levels which support the implementation of our preferred plan. We do so because we simply believe it is the right things to do for our customers, the environment and our shareholders. By December 1, we will file comments with the EPA on their proposed rule. Our comments will focus on several key issues, including the aggressive interim target dates and their impact on customer costs and system reliability, as well as the challenges associated with the EPA's 4 building blocks, among other things. We look forward to working in a constructive fashion with key stakeholders, including the EPA, on this important energy policy matter. And to be clear, should the EPA's proposed regulation withstand the legal challenges it will certainly face and ultimately require us to reduce our carbon emissions in a manner different than our preferred plan, we expect that our prudent investments to comply with these regulations will be fairly treated by our regulators, as they have been in the past. In closing, we are successfully executing our strategy across the board. And I'm firmly convinced that this will enable us to deliver superior long-term value to our customers and our shareholders. Again, thank you, all, for joining us. And I'll now turn the call over to Marty. Marty?
Martin J. Lyons: Thank you, Warner. Turning now to Page 12 of our presentation. As Warner noted today, we reported earnings of $1.20 per share for the third quarter of 2014 compared to $1.25 per share for the third quarter of 2013. Key drivers of this earnings decline are listed on this page. We experienced much milder-than-normal temperatures in the third quarter of this year with cooling degree days falling 10 percent below those of the year-ago quarter and 14% below normal in our service territories. As a result, native load electric sales volumes declined, reducing earnings by an estimated $0.06 per share compared to the third quarter of last year and by an estimated $0.09 per share compared to normal. Other factors contributing to the decrease of the third quarter 2014 earning from the year-ago quarter included a higher effective tax rate and increased depreciation and amortization expenses. The earnings comparison was positively affected by increased rates for FERC-regulated electric transmission and Illinois natural gas delivery services, both effective at the beginning of this year, as well as decreased interest charges. Moving then to Page 13. As Warner also mentioned, our full year 2014 earnings guidance range is now $2.30 to $2.45 per share. On this page, we highlight select fourth quarter 2014 earnings per share considerations incorporated into this guidance. First, we expect fourth quarter 2014 results to benefit from the previously discussed 2014 increases in rates for FERC-regulated electric transmission and Illinois natural gas delivery services. Second, Illinois electric delivery earnings under formula ratemaking are expected to increase compared to the year-ago fourth quarter. This reflects expected higher revenues recognized under formula ratemaking as a result of higher rate base, among other things. The allowed ROE for our Illinois electric delivery service is established by adding 580 basis points to the year's average 30-year treasury bond yield. Given the level of 30-year treasury bond yields for the year-to-date and the consensus estimate for the balance of the year, our 2014 guidance now incorporates a formula midpoint allowed ROE of 9.2%, which is comparable to last year's allowed ROE. Other factors expected to benefit the fourth quarter earnings comparison include lower interest expense, reflecting the maturity this past May of high-coupon parent company senior notes, which was funded with low-cost, short-term debt. The final positive I would like to note is the absence this year of a fourth quarter 2013 ICC debt redemption cost disallowance of $0.04 per share. Factors that are expected to negatively affect the fourth quarter earnings comparison include expenses associated with the ongoing Callaway Nuclear Energy Center refueling and maintenance outage. This is expected to reduce fourth quarter earnings by approximately $0.09 per share. Further, our earnings guidance assumes normal temperatures for the fourth quarter, which would reduce earnings by an estimated $0.04 per share compared to the year-ago quarter. In addition, other operations and maintenance, as well as depreciation and amortization expenses, are expected to increase compared to the year-ago quarter. Finally, we continue to expect the full year effective income tax rate will be approximately 39.5%. Of course, these are only some of the factors that will have an effect on the fourth quarter earnings comparison. Before moving to the next page, I do want to note that free cash flow after dividends as defined on Page 19 of the appendix is now anticipated to be negative by approximately $820 million for 2014. Turning then to Page 14. I'll provide a brief update on certain recent and pending regulatory matters. I'm pleased to note that the Missouri Public Service Commission has denied the electric rate shift and earnings complaint cases filed earlier this year, each by unanimous votes of 5 to 0, in orders issued in August and October. The regulatory focus regarding Ameren Missouri is now clearly on the pending request for a $264 million increase in annual electric service rates. This request is driven by increased net energy cost, electric infrastructure investments made for the benefit of our customers, recovery in rebates paid for customer-installed solar generation and is net of significant reductions in operating cost. The next key milestone in the filing of direct -- is the filing of direct testimony by the Missouri PSC staff and intervenors, which is due by December 5. The PSC's hearings in this case are scheduled to begin in late February of next year, with a commission decision anticipated by May, and new rates are expected to be effective by June. Moving to Illinois regulatory matters. As Warner mentioned, our annual electric delivery formula rate update filing is pending at the ICC. While this filing would increase 2015 electric delivery service rates by $205 million, total electric bills in 2015 are still expected to remain below 2011 levels for most customers. I'm pleased to report that last Friday, the ICC administrative law judges issued a constructive recommendation in this case. They supported a rate increase of $204.5 million, an amount nearly equal to our request. An ICC decision in this case is expected by December of this year with new rates to be effective in January of next year. Finally, at the FERC, a customer group filed a complaint case in November of last year seeking a reduction in the current MISO base allowed ROE of 12.38%, which is the current allowed ROE for Ameren Illinois and Ameren Transmission Company of Illinois transmission service. This case could result in a reduction to this rate retroactive to the complaint filing date. Last month, the FERC issued an order setting the base ROE issue in this case for settlement discussions and, if necessary, hearing. However, it denied all other aspects of the complaint. We do not expect this case to be decided until at least sometime in 2015. Further, we believe Ameren Illinois and Ameren Transmission Company of Illinois are eligible for an adder of up to 50 basis points to their allowed base ROEs to reflect their voluntary membership in a regional transmission organization and plan to request such an adder from FERC shortly. Moving to Page 15 of our presentation. As next year approaches, we want to let you know that we plan to provide 2015 earnings guidance and update our longer-term earnings outlook when we release fourth quarter 2014 earnings in February of next year. However, today, we are providing a list of select items to consider as you think about our earnings for next year. Increased Missouri electric service rates are expected to be implemented by June 2015 as a result of our pending rate case. Our rate increase request is driven, in part, by our need to recover and earn a return on new infrastructure investments, including the key projects Warner discussed earlier, which are expected to be placed in service by the end of this year. Since new rates are not expected to be effective until June of next year, regulatory lag resulting primarily from these investments will be experienced during the first half of 2015. Further, no Callaway Nuclear refueling outage is scheduled in 2015, as these outages are on an 18-month cycle, with the next one scheduled for the spring of 2016. For Ameren Illinois electric delivery service, we anticipate increased earnings in 2015 compared to 2014 under formula ratemaking due to higher rate base, reflecting infrastructure investments. We also expect to begin using the Illinois natural gas delivery infrastructure rider in 2015, which is anticipated to have a positive impact on earnings. Earnings from our FERC-regulated electric transmission activities are expected to benefit under forward-looking formula ratemaking from higher rate base from investments in reliability projects at Ameren Illinois and multi-value regional projects at Ameren Transmission Company of Illinois. Another factor that could affect the level of 2015 transmission earnings is the possibility of a change in the allowed ROE, as I previously discussed. Regarding parent and other cost, we expect a full year of interest cost savings related to the May 2014 maturity of parent company notes. And finally, as we mentioned on our August earnings call, we forecast our 2015 effective income tax rate will be about 1 percentage point lower than the expected 2014 level. Turning finally to Page 16, I will summarize. As Warner discussed, we remain on track to deliver strong 2014 earnings growth and are successfully executing our strategy. Further, we believe Ameren shares offer investors an earning growth outlook and dividend yield, which are both above peer group averages. Earnings per share expected to grow a strong 7% to 10% compounded annual growth rate from 2013 through 2018. Further, Ameren's recently increased annualized dividend rate of $1.64 per share provides investors with a high current yield of approximately 3.8%. In our view, this earnings growth, coupled with our dividend yield, add up to a very attractive total return potential for investors. That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just on the -- I just want to settle -- I want to check out the FERC stuff a little bit here. The -- one of the things that came out of the order seemed to be sort of they dismissed the complaint -- one of the complainants' issues regarding the equity level. And I was wondering if you could remind us what the equity level is currently at the transmission business and whether that could be changed as a result of this.
Martin J. Lyons: Well, the -- Paul, this is Marty. In terms of the equity level, during construction, we do have the ability to use hypothetical cap structure with equity of 56% in that cap structure, and so that is what is being used. And then, as projects actually go into service, then they have the cap structure that is in whatever legal entity that they sit within. And so for example, within AIC right now, the equity structure is a little north of 50% in terms of where the equity sits in that cap structure.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: So there probably wouldn't be much of a change, do you think? Or could there be, as a result of the FERC ruling that sits [indiscernible]?
Martin J. Lyons: I don't anticipate a significant change in the way we capitalize the business in light of the FERC's ruling.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then the ROE, the 50 basis points, when do you see that? I know you guys are going to file for it shortly. When do you see that coming into effect? Would that be when the ROE situation is finally settled?
Martin J. Lyons: Well, I think we'll wait and let the filing speak for itself. It is a filing, not only our own filing, but with other transmission owners. And we don't want to get ahead of that filing and what we're asking for there. We do think that this language that was in the recent FERC order reaffirmed that, that adder is appropriate and needed. There's language in there that basically said the adder's intended to incent continued participation in the RTOs. And we think that was favorable language supportive of our view that, indeed, we're eligible for that 50 basis point adder. So that filing was made shortly. And then the FERC, based on history, had taken up consideration of that generally within a 60-day period. So, again, we'll let the filing speak for itself and can certainly answer questions once it's been filed.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then finally, on the MISO-PJM or the -- there were several opportunities you guys saw in terms of FERC Order 1000. And one of them was transmission between MISO and PJM, I believe. And I was just wondering if you -- if there were any specific projects that had sort of been identified and sort of the timing that you guys think you might participate in terms of such a project and just any details you have on that or any -- could you just elaborate on that a little bit?
Martin J. Lyons: Sure, Paul. And I think, for that question, we'll let Maureen Borkowski, who's the CEO of that business, speak to that question.
Maureen A. Borkowski: Paul, this is Maureen. We've been participating actively and proposing project solutions in PJM and in the cross-border MISO PJM solicitations. There's actually a window that's just opened that we'll be continuing to participate in. We've proposed dozens of different solutions to date. There are still, I think, 1 or 2 that are still pending for further consideration. But we're continuing to populate that -- those project proposals as PJM opens study windows. So I'd say just to stay tuned. We certainly continue to participate. And as they go through their refinement process of selecting which products move forward, we expect to have some.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: What's the next key data point we should think about, Maureen? In terms -- What do you think would be the next, in terms of timing, we might see more clarity as to what might actually be selected?
Maureen A. Borkowski: Well, you'll certainly see the volume of proposals should be public -- the window is open now, so over the next several weeks, more projects will be coming in. After the first of the year, PJM will be doing more refinement in their planning processes, looking at which ones meet their criteria to move forward. So I would say, first quarter of next year, there might be some indication of which projects are moving.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Michael Weinstein with UBS.
Michael Weinstein - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Just a follow-up on some of Paul's questions. Do you guys have any kind of indication or any kind of inclination as to how many -- how much money some of these PJM, MISO and SPP seams issues might cost? What's the size of the opportunity we're looking at here?
Martin J. Lyons: Michael, this is Marty. We haven't really spoken to, I'd say, the size of the opportunity broadly. We have said that we've proposed tens of projects in various regions around our service territory, and whether that be with PJM, MISO, SPP, projects ranging anywhere individually from $50 million to $500 million. So we have said that but not really spoken to, I'd say, universally what the breadth of the opportunity is.
Michael Weinstein - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Do you guys think a settlement in the ROE complaint is a possibility?
Martin J. Lyons: The settlement in the ROE, certainly, it's a possibility. We and, I would imagine, other transmission owners certainly plan to take those settlement discussions seriously, and we'll see where they take us. Ultimately, if that process does fail to produce an outcome that is appropriate or, I guess, is reasonable to all parties then, obviously, we'll go to hearing, which would likely take a while. And again, either way, we think, as we said on our prepared remarks, would extend into 2015 and I would say quite possibly beyond, although I think definitely into 2015.
Michael Weinstein - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And one final question. On the IRP. Can you discuss a little bit about some of the factors that are going into your decision-making on plant retirements? And also, how much of the spending in the IRP that's beyond 2020, how much of that could theoretically and possibly be accelerated into the 2015 to 2020 range?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, sure. This is Marty. I'll take that one again. So on the slide that we provided, on Slide 10, we laid out some of the investments that may be required as we implement our preferred plan that's laid out in the IRP. I would say, generally, with respect to our coal-fired power plants, the goal of the IRP and something we think's appropriate is to be able to run those plants and benefit from that capacity through the end of their useful lives. So that's one of the things that's sort of a foundation of our preferred plan. But along the way, as you see, investing in wind, solar, landfill gas and some hydro projects, as laid out on Slide 10 of our materials, we did break some of the potential capital expenditures down into 2 buckets, one bucket for the next 10 years and then the 10 years beyond that, mainly because the IRP filing is a 20-year look, a 20-year plan. I would say some of the investments that are in that first 10 years are embedded in our current capital expenditure and rate base growth guidance that we've provided. There's some that would be incremental to that. Much of that investment in that 10-year period would fall into the 5-year period beyond the current 5-year period we're in, so basically, rate base growth beyond the current 5-year period. As Warner discussed on the call, to the extent that the EPA's Clean Power Plan was ultimately put into effect in its current form, and of course, Warner spoke to the various legal and practical concerns with that plan, but as we mentioned, if it was put into place, the interim targets by 2020 with ultimate carbon reductions by 2030, we've said that would have potential impact on our customers of $4 billion. It would also require us to invest by 2020 an incremental $2 billion in additional infrastructure and rate base. So, again, we filed our IRP, we're advocating for our preferred plan, but ultimately, we're going to stay flexible and certainly continue to engage in discussions with EPA and other stakeholders around the Clean Power Plan.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Is there any -- what's the status of discussions in Missouri about a legislative fix to lag? Is that just kind of dormant right now?
Martin J. Lyons: We'll let -- we have with us this morning, Michael Moehn, who's the CEO of the Ameren Missouri business, and we'll let him provide some comments on that.
Michael L. Moehn: Yes, it's certainly not dormant. I mean, we continue to talk to key legislators and key stakeholders about the aging infrastructure issue we have Missouri. As I sit here today, I don't have necessarily a decision on what we're going to do going into this legislative session. But we remain committed to trying to find ways to address that lag, either through the legislative arena or through the regulatory arena. But we definitely are spending a lot of time educating folks about that issue.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And when does the session start up again?
Michael L. Moehn: January 2015.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: January. Okay. And then just your 7% to 10% CAGR, how lumpy is that? And is the biggest source of lumpiness kind of Callaway outages?
Martin J. Lyons: No. The 7% to 10% -- this is Marty again. The 7% to 10% growth, obviously, is driven by -- primarily by rate base growth. As you've seen, our rate base growth charted about 6% rate base growth between 2013 and 2018. So I'd say there's a little bit of lumpiness along the way that has to do with the timing of the capital expenditures, there'll be a little bit of lumpiness due to the timing of rate cases, and there'll be a little bit of lumpiness, as you say, along the way in earnings due to the Callaway refueling outage schedules. So we've got one ongoing right now, as we mentioned on the call, we don't have one next year, and then again, in 2018, we would not have one in 2018. So, as you're well aware, on an 18-month cycle for those refueling outages, but certainly there will be a little bit of lumpiness in earnings from year to year for the reasons I described.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And so next year, we should have a $0.09 pickup on Callaway?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, that would be right. So we have a $0.09 negative impact here in the fourth quarter from that refueling outage. There won't be one next year, so we would expect to see a $0.09 pickup for Callaway. And then, as I described in the earnings drivers for next year, I referred you to that slide, there's a number of pluses and minuses for next year, but certainly, that's a plus.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And then just -- you said that next year's tax rate is expected to be 38.5%?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, that's a good point and, I think, an important one. We have an effective tax rate projected for this year of 39.5%. And that compares, last year, we actually, finished the year at about 37.5%. And so in our third quarter and you'll expect in the fourth quarter to have a little bit of a negative delta of this year versus last. But next year, we expect that to trend back to 38.5%, which is, frankly, where our longer-term expectations are. So I think that 38.5% is sort of a good thing to think about in terms of model.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from the line of David Paz of Wolfe Research.
David A. Paz - Wolfe Research, LLC: I just wanted to check on the sales growth. What was the weather-adjusted sales growth by class in the third quarter? And just what you expect for the full year '14?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, David, that's a very good question. I appreciate you asking, and I'll give you -- it's a bit of a more long-winded answer than you might expect. But I think generally, some positive trends and some positive data that we do have to report. When you look at the sales data in the statistics page, you will see a decline. Of course, part of that is weather, as you point out. But part of it, I think, you've got to remember too, has to do with the energy efficiency programs we have in Missouri. And those energy efficiency programs, we do believe, are very fair, constructive programs where we are made whole for the impacts, the cost and the impacts of that energy efficiency and even, to some extent, are provided incentives. So getting to your question, though, looking at the third quarter data on a weather-normalized basis, the residential and commercial sales were down about 0.8% and the industrial was down about 0.9%, which, on the surface, is not appealing. But when you actually, again, peel that back and you look at, for example, in Missouri, the residential, weather-normalized sales are down 1.1%, but energy efficiency spending and investment is really causing most to that. Excluding the energy efficiency impact, residential sales are actually be up 1%. And again, we're being compensated for that energy efficiency impact. So again, normalized for weather and energy efficiency, up 1%. Commercial sales on a weather-normalized basis -- and these are year-to-date numbers, by the way, that residential number. Commercial sales, weather-normalized, is down about 0.6%. But again, if you exclude the impacts of energy efficiency, it was pretty flat. And then in terms of our industrial sales, you'll recall in Missouri, in the first 2 quarters, we had industrial sales increases in the third quarter. We did see a little bit of a decline, but that was solely related to a dip in usage at Noranda. On their earnings call a couple of days ago, indicated that they had some temporary production issues that I believe were probably causing that. Excluding that Noranda impact, on a year-to-date basis, our industrial sales are actually up 0.5% and, again, normalized for energy efficiency, are up 1.1%. So we're really seeing growth, again, in Missouri in all of those classes, residential, commercial and industrial, when normalizing for not only weather but for the energy efficiency. In Illinois, some positive trends there. Weather-normalized residential sales, up 1.5%. And they've been up across all 3 quarters. Commercial sales, up 0.7% year-to-date. And then, as we've reported previously, industrial sales have been off nearly 2%, and we've gone through some of the industrial categories that factor into that in prior calls. But overall, I'd say that trends are positive, and I'd say economically, we're seeing housing starts in our service territory have been on an upward trend, unemployment has been coming down near to the national averages around 6%, manufacturing jobs have been stable, services jobs have been growing, those were all positive, and our residential customer counts are up in both states and our commercial customer accounts are up in both states. So really some positive trends that we're seeing kind of across the board.
David A. Paz - Wolfe Research, LLC: Great. Very helpful. Just a quick question on the weather impact versus normal year-to-date. Can you just remind me what that is?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. If you look at the Page 18 of our slide deck, year-to-date, the temperatures are having a negative -- excuse me, a positive 2% -- $0.02 versus normal. So year-to-date, again, temperatures, $0.02 positive versus normal.
David A. Paz - Wolfe Research, LLC: I see. Okay. Got it. And then just last one. Remind me, please, your 7% to 10% EPS CAGR is based off of what year and what number?
Martin J. Lyons: That was based on 2013, David. So that's 2013 through 2018 compound annual growth rate.
David A. Paz - Wolfe Research, LLC: So is that based just the reported 2013 or is it adjusted for any outages or weather impact?
Martin J. Lyons: No. It's continuing at reported continuing operations. So it is a GAAP number, and it's 2013 through 2018. And I'd say the only thing we've done there is, obviously, taken out discontinued operations.
Operator: At this time, I'd like to turn the floor back to management for closing comments.
Douglas Fischer: This is Doug Fischer. Thank you for participating in this call. Let me remind you again that a replay of the call will be available for 1 year on our website. If you have questions, you may call the contacts listed on today's release. Financial analyst inquiries should be directed to me, Doug Fischer. Media should call Joe Muehlenkamp. Our contact numbers are on today's news release. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2014 Q2  (2014-08-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas Fischer -  Warner L. Baxter - Executive Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Martin J. Lyons - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Maureen A. Borkowski - Chairman of ATX, Chief Executive Officer of ATX and President of ATX Michael L. Moehn - Senior Vice President of Customer Operations of Ameren Missouri
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Ameren Corporation Second Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Douglas Fischer. Thank you. You may begin.
Douglas Fischer: Thank you, and good morning. I'm Doug Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today are: Warner Baxter, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Marty Lyons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, as well as other members of the Ameren management team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet, and the webcast will be available for 1 year on our website at ameren.com. Further, this call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast. Redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted on our website a presentation that will be referenced by our speakers. To access this presentation, please look in the Investors section of our website under Webcast and Presentations and follow the appropriate link. Turning to Page 2 of the presentation. I need to inform you that comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the Forward-looking Statements section in the news release we issued today and the Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors sections in our filings with the SEC. Warner will begin this call with a review of second quarter earnings and full year guidance. He will then provide an update on regulatory and business matters. Marty will follow with more detailed discussions of second quarter results, as well as 2014 earnings and cash flow guidance. He will also provide details related to pending rate cases. We will then open the call for questions. Before Warner begins, I would like to mention that all per share amounts discussed during today's presentation, including earnings guidance, are presented on a continuing operations basis, unless otherwise noted. Now here's Warner, who will start on Page 4 of the presentation.
Warner L. Baxter: Thanks, Doug, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, we announced second quarter 2014 earnings of $0.62 per share, compared to second quarter 2013 earnings of $0.44 per share. This increase reflected the absence of Callaway Energy Center nuclear refueling outage expenses in the second quarter of this year, as well as the absence of last year's second quarter charge related to the Missouri fuel adjustment clause. This year, the Callaway refueling outage is scheduled for the fourth quarter, while last year the refueling outage occurred in the second quarter. The earnings comparison also benefited from this year's warmer early summer temperatures, which drove Missouri native load electric sales volumes higher. Other positive factors included increased rates effective the beginning of this year for FERC-regulated electric transmission and Illinois natural gas delivery services, as well as decreased interest expense. These positives were partially offset by a higher effective income tax rate. Today, we also affirmed our earnings guidance for this year. We continue to expect 2014 earnings to be in the range of $2.30 to $2.50 per share. Marty will provide further details on the second quarter earnings and other financial matters in a few minutes. Before he does so, I would like to update you on recent regulatory and business developments at our Missouri and Illinois utilities, as well as our FERC-regulated electric transmission activities. Turning now to Page 5, I will begin with a discussion of Missouri operations. At Ameren Missouri early last month, we filed a request with the Missouri PSC for an electric service rate increase to recover higher costs for providing our customers with more dependable energy from a cleaner and more diverse energy portfolio. Nearly 1/2 of the $264 million annual request is for recovery of increased net energy costs that would otherwise be recovered through the Missouri fuel adjustment clause. The balance of the request provides for a recovery of and a return on important new electric infrastructure investments to benefit our customers, including investments for nuclear safety, environmental controls, new substations and renewable generation. It also provides for recovery of the increased income and property taxes, as well as rebates paid for customer-installed solar generation. Ameren Missouri has worked aggressively to manage those costs that are under its control. Our success in this area has led to electric rates that are the lowest of any investor-owned utility in Missouri, and are well below the Midwest and national averages. This disciplined cost management benefits our customers and is evident in this rate filing. In particular, our current request incorporates $67 million of annual reductions in operating costs, since we're passing those savings on to our customers. We expect the Missouri PSC to issue a decision in this case by May of next year. Turning now to Page 6. In addition to our pending electric rate case, our Missouri regulatory team has also been busy addressing the electric rate shift and earnings complaint cases filed by Ameren Missouri's largest industrial customer, Noranda, which operates an aluminum smelter in the southeastern portion of the state. In both of these cases, the burden of proof is squarely on Noranda. While Noranda's electric rate shift proposal is revenue-neutral to Ameren Missouri, we believe Noranda's proposed rate reduction would lower its rates significantly below its cost of service. This proposal is not justified, would result in poor public policy, and therefore, is not in the best long-term interest of our other 1.2 million collective customers. The Missouri PSC staff has agreed with this view and filed testimony stating that Noranda's proposed rate shift should not be approved. Missouri PSC is scheduled to issue a decision this month. Moving to the earnings complaint case, Noranda has argued that Ameren Missouri's electric service rates should be reduced because we are earning a return on equity that Noranda alleges to be above the level it believes is appropriate. The Missouri PSC staff has filed a testimony that clearly opposes Noranda's proposal that our rates be reduced. And of course, we strongly disagree with Noranda's claim, and our recently filed electric rate case, which I just discussed, clearly demonstrates why our rates should be increased, not reduced. Hearings in the earnings complaint case were completed early last week, and the Missouri PSC is scheduled to issue a decision in September. I will conclude my Missouri update by discussing 4 key infrastructure projects that we expect to complete by the end of this year, and which are included in the rate base amount used to compute our requested revenue requirement in the pending electric rate case. To begin, we will be replacing the reactor vessel head at our Callaway Nuclear Energy Center during our scheduled fourth quarter refueling and maintenance outage. I am pleased to report that the new reactor vessel head arrived at the Callaway site in June, and our team is in the final stages of preparing to complete this important safety project. A second key project, upgrading the electrostatic precipitators at our coal-fired Labadie Energy Center is scheduled for completion by year-end. This added environmental equipment is being installed to ensure compliance with the U.S. EPA's Mercury and Air Toxics Standards. Third, to enhance reliability in downtown St. Louis, we are scheduled to complete construction of a new substation, also by year-end. Finally, construction of the O'Fallon Renewable Energy Center, Missouri's largest investor-owned utility solar facility, is underway and is expected to be completed in the fourth quarter. Moving now to Page 7 and an update on our Illinois activities. I will begin with electric and natural gas delivery services. In June, we installed our first AMI electric meters as part of our plan to deploy over 750,000 such smart meters through 2019. The installation of these meters is a key component of our Illinois Modernization Action Plan or MAP. This plan is made possible by the Illinois Energy Infrastructure Modernization Act and resulting formula ratemaking for electric delivery service. It is designed to benefit customers by significantly enhancing our Illinois electric delivery system, growing Illinois' economy by creating well-paying jobs and providing our shareholders timely cost recovery of and a fair return on infrastructure investments we make to benefit our customers. Along with the installation of AMI electric meters, we are also installing approximately 450,000 automated natural gas smart meters. The concurrent installation of electric and gas meters saves our customers money compared to their separate installation. Over time, the new electric meters, along with other MAP upgrades, will improve service by helping Ameren Illinois detect and isolate outages faster. Further, the new electric and gas meters will provide customers with more information and new tools and new programs to better manage their energy costs. The gas meter installations, like other gas delivery infrastructure investments, are being made under our ratemaking framework, which permits rates to be established using a future test year and provides an infrastructure rider for qualified investments. We plan to begin using this rider next year. Moving on to our Illinois electric delivery business, we filed for a $205 million formula rate update. This case is pending at the ICC. The new rates will be effective in January of next year. Marty will discuss this matter further a little bit later. Finally, I will provide you with an update on our FERC-regulated electric transmission operations. We're in the early stages of construction of our largest single project, the approximately $1.1 billion Illinois Rivers regional Multi-Value Project. This 345-kilovolt transmission line will stretch from Eastern Missouri across the state of Illinois to Western Indiana. Substation construction from right-of-way acquisition are underway, and line construction is expected to begin later this year. The first sections are expected to be completed in 2016, with the last section slated for completion by 2019. Next, I would like to update you on our Spoon River project, another MISO-approved regional multi-value transmission line that will extend between Peoria and Galesburg, Illinois. This line is expected to be in service by 2018. We have completed a series of open house meetings designed to inform area residents about the project, and to receive input. And we plan to request a certificate of public convenience and necessity from the ICC this month. We expect a decision on this request in mid-2015. Spoon River's cost is estimated at approximately $130 million to $150 million, depending on the route approved by the ICC. On the transmission rate front, in November of last year, a customer group filed a complaint case with FERC, seeking a reduction in the allowed ROE for MISO transmission owners. This complaint case could result in a reduction to Ameren Illinois' and ATXI's allowed ROE retroactive to November of last year. Our allowed ROE is currently 12.38%. In June 2014, in a separate proceeding, FERC issued an order that reduced the base-allowed ROEs for New England transmission owners from 11.14% to 10.57%. The order used market data from October 2012 to March 2013 to determine this new allowed ROE. Although we believe some of the FERC's reasoning in the New England case may establish precedents for other cases, it is not clear at this time to what extent, if any, the MISO ROE will be reduced. In fact, FERC has taken no action regarding the MISO case. Turning to Page 8. I would now like to discuss an important energy policy matter for our company and our country. In early June, the U.S. EPA issued its Clean Power Plan, a proposed rule governing carbon dioxide emissions from existing power plants. This proposal targets a 30% reduction in carbon dioxide emissions from the power sector by 2030 based on 2005 emission levels, and includes aggressive interim goals beginning in 2020. Ameren believes the EPA's proposed rule is currently unworkable in many respects and will result in significant cost increases to our customers, raise system reliability risks, cost job losses and damage the economy. We also believe that if this rule was finalized in its proposed form, it would certainly be challenged in the courts. To be clear, at Ameren, we are committed to transitioning to a cleaner, more diverse energy portfolio, but that must be done in a responsible fashion. Indeed, we have developed and are executing on a plan that will achieve the EPA's goals of reducing carbon emissions by 30%, but we intend to complete that plan by 2035 as opposed to EPA's proposed 2030 date for its aggressive interim targets. We will formally outline our plan in a Missouri Integrated Resource Plan filing this October. Importantly, our plan can be achieved at a cost that is significantly less than that of the EPA's proposal, and will better protect jobs and the overall economic competitiveness of our region. Looking ahead, we will work in a constructive fashion with key stakeholders, including the EPA, to implement energy policies that will allow us to execute our transition plan for the long-term benefit of our customers, our communities, the environment and our shareholders. Turning now to Page 9. I would like to conclude my prepared remarks by discussing why I'm so firmly convinced that Ameren's positioned to deliver superior value to our shareholders and customers as we execute our well-defined strategic plan. That plan calls for investing in and operating our utilities in a manner consistent with existing regulatory frameworks, as well as working to enhance those frameworks and advocating for responsible energy policies at both the federal and state levels. Further, we are focused on creating and capitalizing on opportunities to invest in our rate-regulated businesses for the benefit of our customers and shareholders. On Page 10, we outline our plan to execute a key component of this strategy. As shown at the top of this page, we are allocating significant and growing amounts of discretionary capital to Ameren Illinois' energy delivery and our FERC-related electric transmission businesses so that we can improve the safety, dependability and sustainability of the services we provide to our customers, and because these businesses operate under modern constructive regulatory frameworks. Our solid list of transmission projects is expected to increase our FERC-regulated transmission rate base by approximately 28% compounded annually for the 2013 to 2018 period. In addition, our Ameren Illinois investments are expected to contribute to projected Illinois electric and gas delivery rate base growth of 5% and 7%, respectively, on a compound annual basis over this period. Our 5-year outlook in corporate's expected Missouri rate base growth at only a 2% compound annual rate, reflecting the current state regulatory framework that is less constructive than those for our Illinois energy delivery and FERC-regulated electric transmission businesses. Pulling all of this together, we expect our overall rate base to grow at approximately 6% compounded annually from year-end 2013 through 2018, as shown at the bottom of this page. Combining this rate base growth with strategic capital allocation and disciplined cost management, including reductions in parent company and other costs, we expect earnings per share to grow 7% to 10% compounded annually from 2013 through 2018. Again, thank you, all, for joining us. And I will now turn the call over to Marty. Marty?
Martin J. Lyons: Thank you, Warner. Turning now to Page 12 of our presentation. As Warner noted, today, we reported earnings for the second quarter of 2014 of $0.62 per share compared to $0.44 per share for the second quarter of 2013. Key drivers of the earnings improvement are listed on this page. The absence of a refueling and maintenance outage at our Callaway Nuclear Energy Center in this year's second quarter increased earnings by $0.08 per share. The absence of another item, the second quarter 2013 charge related to Missouri FAC treatment of certain prior period wholesale sales had a $0.06 per share positive impact on the comparison. A third driver of the earnings improvement was this year's warmer early summer temperatures. This warmer weather drove higher Missouri native load electric sales volumes and benefited earnings by an estimated $0.03 per share compared to the year-ago quarter, and by an estimated $0.04 per share compared to normal temperatures. On a weather-normalized basis, we estimate that second quarter 2014 electric sales volumes to residential and commercial customers were essentially flat compared to the second quarter of 2013. We estimate that these weather-normalized sales volumes would've grown, but for energy efficiency programs. And you will recall that the energy -- the earnings effect of Missouri's energy efficiency programs are offset by revenue recovery provided for under our Missouri PSC approved energy efficiency plan. Electric sales volumes to industrial customers declined about 1.5%, which was entirely due to lower Illinois electric delivery volumes, which were down about 3%. Our Illinois industrial customers are subject to formula ratemaking, and margins on sales to these customers are relatively low. Missouri industrial sales increased about 0.5% compared to the second quarter of last year and on a year-to-date basis. Other factors contributing to the increase in the second quarter 2014 earnings compared to the second quarter of 2013 included decreased interest expense, as well as increased rates. Each January, new rates are implemented for our FERC-regulated electric transmission services. Under FERC's forward-looking formula-based ratemaking, rates are adjusted to provide a recovery of and a return on that year's infrastructure investments, as well as to reflect changes in operating cost. Our Illinois natural gas delivery service rates were also increased, effective January of this year. This increase was based on a 2014 test year, reflecting recovery of and a return on estimated 2014 rate base and changes in operating cost. These positives were partially offset by a higher effective income tax rate. Moving to Page 13. As Warner mentioned, we have affirmed our full year 2014 earnings guidance range of $2.30 to $2.50 per share. Here, we highlight select second half 2014 earnings per share considerations incorporated into our guidance range. Let me begin with a discussion of weather. Our 2014 earnings guidance assumes normal temperatures for the second half of this year, but we do note that July 2014 temperatures were cooler than normal, with cooling degree days down about 35% compared to normal conditions. We still have 5 months of the year remaining, including the balance of the summer and the winter weather we experience in the fourth quarter, but we preliminary estimate July temperatures will reduce earnings by $0.05 to $0.10 per share compared to normal conditions. While July temperatures are not incorporated in our guidance, their effect would be accommodated by our guidance range. Moving to other considerations, we expect second half 2014 earnings to benefit from the previously discussed 2014 increases in rates for FERC-regulated electric transmission and Illinois gas delivery services. Further, Illinois electric delivery earnings are expected to increase by approximately $0.05 per share in the second half of this year, compared to the second half of last year. This reflects higher revenues recognized under formula ratemaking due to higher rate base and a higher allowed ROE this year compared to last year. The allowed ROE for our Illinois electric delivery service is established by adding 580 basis points to the year's average 30-year treasury bond yield. Our 2014 guidance now assumes a formula midpoint allowed ROE of 9.4% for Illinois electric delivery service, a 50-basis-point reduction from the level incorporated into our initial guidance issued in February. In addition, we expect second half earnings to benefit compared to the second half of last year from lower interest expense, largely due to the May maturity of $425 million of parent company senior notes with an 8.875% coupon. We funded this maturity with low-cost short-term debt. The final positive I would like to note is the absence of a fourth quarter 2013 Illinois debt redemption cost disallowance. Factors that we expect to negatively affect the second half earnings comparison include expenses associated with the 2014 Callaway Energy Center nuclear refueling outage, which will take place in the fourth quarter. Further, we expect increases in other operations and maintenance, depreciation and property tax expenses for Missouri electric and gas service and Illinois gas delivery service in the second half of this year, as compared to the second half of last year. Finally, we expect the full year 2014 effective income tax rate to be approximately 39.5%, which is higher than last year's full year rate of 37.5%, and also higher than the approximately 38.5%, which was incorporated into our initial earnings guidance issued in February. Looking ahead to 2015, we expect that our effective income tax rate will be more in line with the level incorporated into this year's initial guidance range, assuming no change in federal and state law. Of course, these are only some of the factors that will have an effect on our second half earnings comparison. Turning to Page 14. I will move from earnings to our updated 2014 free cash flow guidance. We now anticipate 2014 negative free cash flow will be approximately $700 million compared to our guidance back in May of negative $775 million. This change reflects improved cash flows provided by operating activities. Our capital expenditure plans, which are driving our earnings expectations, are unchanged. Regarding the Illinois Rivers project, we plan to provide you with an updated cost on our fourth quarter call when we routinely update our 5-year capital spending plan. The new estimate will incorporate the final ICC approved route, which is somewhat longer than the originally proposed, and accommodates certain property owner environmental concerns. As I stated on our first quarter call, we expect this new cost estimate to be modestly higher than the current estimate. Moving now to Page 15. Warner discussed our recently filed request for increased Missouri electric service rates. We provide more details on this page. As you can see, the request is primarily driven by increased net energy costs, which include fuel and purchased power costs, net of off-system sales, and our need to recover and earn a return on important new infrastructure investments made for the benefit of our customers. Further, we have significantly reduced operating costs and will pass these cost reductions on to our customers. Schedule for the case has not yet been established, but we expect the Missouri PSC to decide the case by May of next year, and a new rate is expected to be effective in June 2015. Turning to Page 16, a more detailed update on our pending Illinois electric delivery rate case. I remind you that each year's Illinois electric delivery earnings are a function of that year's ending rate base, the formula determined allowed return on equity and the ICC authorized equity ratio. Illinois' formula ratemaking requires Ameren Illinois to file for annual rate updates, to systematically update cash flows over time for changes in cost of service and to true up any prior period over- or under-recovery of such cost. In April of this year, Ameren Illinois filed an update case, seeking an increase on electric rates to reflect 2013 actual cost, expected 2014 infrastructure investments and changes in prior period over and under recovery balances. The requested increase was updated in our rebuttal testimony filed Friday and is now $205 million, a decrease of just $1 million from our initial request. While the filing with the ICC would result in an increase in 2015 electric delivery service rates, total electric bills in 2015 are still expected to remain below 2011 levels for most customers. Because the parties have gained experience with Illinois' formula ratemaking, and because we reached agreement with the ICC staff on key issues that were disputed in our prior formula rate cases, the positions of the parties are closer to one another in this case than they have been in the past. This is reflected in the testimony filed by the ICC staff and intervenors. They have recommended annual revenue requirements that range from $3 million to $7 million less than our updated request. An ICC order is expected by December of this year, and new rates will be effective in January of next year. Turning finally then to Page 17, I will summarize. We are executing on a well-defined strategy, as outlined by Warner. Our second quarter 2014 earnings results were solid, and we affirmed our earnings guidance range for this year. Further, we continue to expect earnings per share to grow at a 7% to 10% compound annual rate from 2013 through 2018. This above peer group average growth rate is driven by our investment plan, including our strong rate base growth, strategic allocation of capital and disciplined cost management. Further, Ameren's $1.60 per share annualized dividend rate provides investors with a yield of approximately 4%. We believe this expected earnings growth, coupled with our current dividend yield, add up to a very attractive total return proposition for investors. Finally, we aspire to grow our dividend as earnings grow and expect our dividend payout to be between 55% and 70% of annual earnings. That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Well, I wonder, first off -- obviously, you made an announcement about Meramec. I wondered if, first, with respect to your current contemplated CapEx budget, how does that change anything? Obviously, it's pretty long-dated. And then secondly, obviously, your IRP is still coming up here, but with respect to the balance of your portfolio, I'm thinking Rush Island or others, how could that eventually shift here as well? How are you thinking about compliance for those plants?
Martin J. Lyons: Sure, Julien. This is Marty. I'll start, and see if anybody else or Warner wants to add anything. But with respect to our overall capital expenditure plan that we've laid out for the 5 years that was in the slide Warner covered and we've shared previously, really, we don't see any change there resulting from the Meramec decision. Really, there, the Meramec decision in the context of certainly the rate case filing is probably where the biggest impact is, where we're looking to shorten up the depreciable life of Meramec to coincide with the expected retirement date of that plant. And that's driving, I guess, about $17 million of the overall increase we're requesting as part of the Missouri rate case. But overall, no change in our capital expenditure plans. And I'd say that in terms of how Meramec will impact our future generation resources and plans, as well as other considerations regarding the rest of our fleet, as you point out, will really be laid out as part of our October Integrated Resource Plan filing.
Warner L. Baxter: And Julien, this is Warner. I think you asked a good question about Rush Island. As Marty said, we'll talk about the specifics of our Integrated Resource Plan in October. But in general, our objective is to take our existing coal-fired facilities and utilize them towards the end of their useful lives, which is what we're doing with Meramec. And that's how we would think about Rush Island as well. And so we'll be able to spell that with out more specificity, but we're not contemplating accelerating the retirement of our coal-fired units as part of our Integrated Resource Plan because we think that's in the long-term interest of our customers and the State of Missouri.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then secondly, on FERC, obviously, a lot of activity in the quarter. First, could you comment on potentially filing for incentives to the extent to which that the ROE itself gets adjusted here? And then secondly, from your point of view, what do you perceive the timeline is being for the MISO 206 at this point in time?
Maureen A. Borkowski: This is Maureen Borkowski. It's -- obviously, we can't speculate on either a timeline or any results at FERC. With regard to the question about incentives, we obviously already have certain incentives like Quip for the Illinois River, Spoon River and Mark Twain projects. We are also, we believe, entitled to an extra 50-basis-point adder that's not included in the 12.38% MISO-based rate today. We, in our answer to the complaint that was filed in November, asked FERC to affirm that we were entitled to that 50 basis points. So obviously, to the extent FERC chose to take some action at some point, we believe we're entitled to that adder.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: But just to be clear, when would you file for that adder? Would that be subsequent to any resolution?
Maureen A. Borkowski: I really can't speculate on that at this point. As I said, we actually did already request FERC to affirm that when we filed our answer. So to the extent FERC took any action, they may address it at that point.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great, excellent. And then lastly, on financing, just at the parent, any updated thoughts on timeline in terms of getting that done? And perhaps, just more broadly, I'm not sure I heard it, how are you thinking about taking down the parent expense? Any updated thoughts there, just post-Genco, et cetera?
Martin J. Lyons: No, a fair question, Julien, but I wouldn't say any updated considerations. I think as we pointed out in our talking points, we were able to utilize commercial paper borrowings in order to handle the maturity of the $425 million parent company debt; obviously very low cost there associated with those commercial paper borrowings, less than 50 basis points of ongoing cost. We'll evaluate the need for and the amount of parent company financing, long-term parent company financing, over time, both in terms of considering how much short-term debt we would ideally keep outstanding and then how much long-term funding we would need. Longer -- certainly, some of that parent company financing right now is really going to support the transmission build-out that is occurring. And so longer term, we'll be considering whether to issue the more permanent financing at the parent company or at the transmission company level. And that's something that will play out over the next couple of years, as we build out that transmission business. So may or may not do some parent company long-term financing later this year or into next. We'll be evaluating that through time. In terms of other financing activities later this year, we do still plan to issue additional long-term debt at our Ameren Illinois utility company; again, there because of the capital expenditures for our electric and gas distribution businesses, but also for some of the transmission growth that we're seeing there as well.
Operator: Our next question is from Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wonder if you could just give us an update on expected timing for your transmission plans relating to the integration of Entergy into MISO? And just more broadly, milestones or other steps we should be on the lookout as you think further about growth in transmission?
Maureen A. Borkowski: Obviously that -- this is Maureen again. The -- any integration with regard to Entergy has to go through the MISO transmission expansion planning process. We are actively engaged in that with the intent of identifying future projects that might both provide better reliability and integrate Entergy fully into the marketplace. But that has to go through the timeline that MISO has established.
Warner L. Baxter: And I would add -- Steve, this is Warner. I would just add that Maureen and her team have been working actively on this, not just for the last several months, but frankly, for the last year and will continue to do so. As we even said in our last conference call, we see real opportunities in MISO, but also beyond MISO in PJM and SPP, those transmission growth opportunities.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Is there anything specific in regards to upcoming MISO events or timelines that we should be focused on?
Maureen A. Borkowski: I would say at this point in time, the MISO planning process is like a 15-month process. So the one that we're beginning now that we'll be actively studying, the transmission opportunities for -- between Entergy and the rest of MISO would ultimately come to fruition at the end of 2015.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay, understood. And shifting gears just over to the proposed EPA carbon regulation. Warner, you've mentioned that as you looked at it, it appeared to be a fairly unworkable rule, as presented. Can you talk a little bit more to the key issues that you see with the proposed EPA regulation?
Warner L. Baxter: Yes, sure, Steven. And I would probably put them in probably 2 or 3 buckets. I think the most important bucket we should talk about is, it's unworkable from a customer standpoint and in terms of the overall significant cost increases that they would result in. We have a baseline plan that we have put together as part of our integrated resource planning effort. So our team has been able to really compare what it would take to execute the greenhouse gas proposal compared to our baseline plan. And as we identified, it would be a significant cost increase to our customers. And that's really driven by some of the -- what I will consider some of the more operational challenges associated with the overall proposal. And you probably have heard, and many of my colleagues who've been out there talking to the same thing about building blocks, and some of the challenges that we -- that you have with those. From our perspective, you look at the plant efficiency building block looking for plant efficiencies of approximately 6%. Simply put, those aren't achievable. Those aren't achievable. We've taken a lot of efficiencies out of the plant. We've already done a lot of those works. To try and get an additional 6% is, from our perspective, just simply not achievable. When you think about the uneconomic dispatch of natural gas, which is another key driver of the increase, look, I think you have to think about the gas infrastructure first to support that, but then the uneconomic dispatch and whether, frankly, states have the ability to dispatch in that way. As you know, the RTLs control that. That's a tough nut to crack. I'm not sure if that is ultimately going to be fact-based, and whether we can execute that. You look at energy efficiency, which we have the largest energy efficiency program in the State of Missouri today. To be able to get an incremental 1.5% out of that not only would drive higher cost, but would certainly be no guarantee the customers ultimately would participate in that level. And I would say, lastly, looking even at the renewable piece associated with the building block. And, again, in Missouri in particular, our ability to do renewables is, under State law, capped by the amount of renewables we can do in terms of impact on customer rates and ultimately, the participants. So when you look at those things, all those factors really drive the operational issues that we have that drive the significant cost increases to our customers, which as I said before, not only causes us concerns there, but also in terms of the economic competitiveness of our region and certainly, the State of Missouri. And lastly, but not the least, I think when you -- there's certainly been, as I said, we expect there to be legal challenges to the rule. There are already. And so we, too, share some of those concerns. And so we put all those things together, we have a rule, when we put it all together, that we believe is simply unworkable in its current form. Now as I said, too, we -- our objective going forward is to continue to work constructively with key stakeholders, both at the federal and state level, including consumer groups and others to make sure, and as well as the EPA, to try and put in place energy policies that ultimately that will allow us to execute our transition plan, which we believe is in the best long-term interest of our customers, but also to ensure that we do the right things in the broadest economic sense, for both the state and the region.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just back on the FERC ROE case, could you give us a little bit of a flavor of some of the differences you guys see in your situation versus New England that might not lead to the same outcome that we saw in New England?
Martin J. Lyons: Paul, I -- we laid all those out in testimony. So I certainly would refer you to there. I mean, I think right now, certainly, there's more uncertainty because the FERC really hasn't established any kind of a timeline for the MISO case. And therefore, it's really uncertain when they'll take the case up, assuming that they do take the case up, and then what the data will look like at the time that, that data is collected to determine the appropriate range of ROEs to consider. So I think the biggest difference that I would point to is just timing and the uncertainty about when the FERC would potentially take the case up and how that might affect the data that underlies the ROE determination. So I'd say that's the biggest factor.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Just to make sure I understand, though, have you guys filed anything in response to the -- because there's a lot of stuff going on. Have you guys filed anything in response to what FERC decided in the New England case? Or are you just referring to stuff that you filed previously in the back and forth?
Martin J. Lyons: I was just referring to things we filed previously in the back and forth. Hands on that specifically, we could certainly you help offline. But, no, we did not file anything specifically as a response or in reaction to the New England case.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, I appreciate that. The second thing is with respect to the Noranda case, what I'm a little bit confused by is why -- and I'm talking about the rate design case, why the OPC and these other customer groups seem to be supporting the subsidy, which I would assume will be coming from the customers that they're representing. Do I understand that correctly or am I missing something? Or could you maybe fill me in on what's going on there?
Michael L. Moehn: Yes, this is Michael Moehn. Yes, it's hard to speculate. Honestly, it -- they are certainly representing consumers. As we've argued all along in this case, we don't think it's good policy. It's not good for our customers, because of the way it shifts the cost. And it's hard to speculate why they're doing it, but it absolutely is -- it doesn't seem to make sense, and that's why we are absolutely so opposed against it.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then just 2 really quick ones. I'm sorry I missed this, but what was the weather normalized sales growth for Q2? And then with respect to Noranda tricks [ph], it looks like, if the smelter closes, does that change any way your CapEx plans with respect to load and what have you? Because your smelter sometimes use a lot of electricity. I'm wondering, if it closes, does that make -- I don't know, does that change what you might need to do with respect to certain plans and stuff?
Martin J. Lyons: Sure, I'll -- Paul, it's Marty. I'll try to take those in reverse order. Certainly, not speculating on Noranda's operations and any risk or potential for closure there, but the -- your underlying -- I guess, the bottom line question there is, would it affect any of our CapEx plans? And the answer to that is no, that there wouldn't be any change in our -- the CapEx plans that we've outlined over this 5-year period as a result of that. Going back to your original question then, which was about the sales and the economy. I took the question out of order because I'll probably give a little more sort of lengthy explanation about what we're seeing in terms of sales and the economy. When we started off the year, you may recall that we expected sales to be down, the residential and commercial, about 1%, and industrial overall down about 0.7%. Year-to-date, what we're actually seeing on a weather-normalized basis is that our residential and commercial customers are up about 0.5%, and the industrial customers are actually down about 1.5%. And again, that's Ameren-wide. And so as we think about the remainder of the year, we've seen, like I said, a little bit more a positive in terms of residential and commercial through middle of the year. We're factoring that in, but still expecting that due to energy efficiency programs, as well as federal lighting standards, et cetera, that the remainder of the year, we would still expect to see sales lag the prior year. So overall, we're now expecting about residential and commercial to decline about 0.5% versus our initial beginning year guidance of negative 1%. On the industrial front, we still seem to see really manufacturing weakness, particularly in Illinois. And so we're expecting there for the full year to see industrial sales down about 1.4%. So those are some of the factors that are going on. Like I said, the -- we're spending quite a bit on energy efficiency. In Illinois, we're spending about $85 million this year; Missouri, about $50 million this year on energy efficiency. And that is impacting sales. The programs in Missouri have been ramped up here just in the past couple of years as a result of our energy efficiency program that was approved by the commission. So we're seeing a pretty material impact there. I mentioned that we saw residential commercial sales year-to-date up about 0.5%. In Missouri, we're actually seeing the residential and commercial sales down about 0.9%. It's almost a full 1%. But if you back out the effects of the energy efficiency programs, that's probably equivalent to about 1% of actual sales growth. So I guess, what I'm trying to communicate there is, absent the energy efficiency spending that we've got, we're actually seeing pretty good growth in residential and commercial sales, both in Missouri and Illinois. And of course, we are compensated for the energy efficiency impacts in Missouri. On the industrial front, I mentioned that the Illinois sales were down year-to-date. They're down, as we just talked about in the call, almost 3%. In Missouri, we're actually seeing some continued expansion in terms of industrial sales. What we're seeing in those sales up about 0.5%, and there is some impact there, again, from energy efficiency. They're probably up about a full 1%, backing out the impacts of energy efficiency. So we're continuing to see some good expansion of our industrial sales in Missouri. And I guess, my last point on all this is, I do think that sort of reflects what we're seeing in the overall economy in the 2 states. We're seeing an uptick in, I'd say, services jobs, manufacturing jobs in Missouri, seeing about a flat kind of trend in services jobs in Illinois, a little bit of a decline in manufacturing jobs. And that's kind of what we're seeing in the 2 states in both -- in terms of sales and in terms of jobs.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: A couple of easy ones, and then one on the Missouri rate case. Marty, you made some comments about O&M in the second half for the year. Outside of the Callaway outage that sends an impact in the fourth quarter, and that's more of just a timing issue, what else is impacting O&M? And is it up more than 1% or 2%?
Martin J. Lyons: Paul, it's -- or not Paul; I apologize. Michael, I apologize. Yes, just in terms of the O&M, we did comment on that, just general growth across the business in terms of our distribution business, our generation portfolio, as well as just other areas like an increasing property taxes and the like. So we're kind of seeing growth across those areas this year. I don't have anything in terms of overall percentages for you, but as we think about the rate case and the rate case that we filed in Missouri, certainly, those costs are picked up. So the test year has an update period after December 31. And as it relates to significant drivers, let's say fuel cost or other elements of O&M, actually we'll reach out and pick up, say, January 1, kinds of cost increases. So those things are built in. And I pointed out in our discussion of our rate case filing that overall, we're actually seeing a sort of -- while there's a rate increase being requested, that's net of about a $67 million reduction in operations and maintenance costs. So in that 2.5 years period from the last rate case to this rate case, while there've been some elements of cost increase, net, we've been able to use continuous improvement efforts to drive costs out of the business, and that's reflected in the rate case.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And I wanted to ask a little bit about the rate case, only because I've thumbed through some of the detail earlier. So I kind of think about the Missouri business, and please correct me if I'm using wrong data here, kind of a $7.6 billion, $7.7 billion of total rate base for next year. If you use kind of the authorized equity layers in the very low 50% range and kind of the ROEs that the commission has given over the last 1 or 2 cases, kind of around 10% or so, you kind of get close to about $400 million of authorized net income. And if I look backwards a little bit, like at 2012 or 2013, your UE segment kind of reported net income in that level. So I just -- I wanted to kind of think about what's driving the actual need for the case. Just kind of back of the envelope rate base math would imply you're not too far off from actually earning your authorized, and may have been you had abnormal weather in some of those years or abnormally low costs that are now creeping up. I just -- I wasn't really kind of sure I understood the puts and takes.
Martin J. Lyons: Well, Michael, I would say, without knowing exactly what years you're looking at, certainly, the prior years' earnings, when you pick them up on an as reported basis, certainly do reflect fluctuations for things like weather, for the timing of Callaway outages. So certainly, you can't really look at a calendar year earnings and assume those are sort of normalized and apples-to-apples for what might be achievable in a different year. As it relates to the rate case itself and your earnings drivers, I mean, I think you were picking up the right things overall. If you refer to Slide 15 in our slide deck, we've outlined the drivers of our current rate case, and we've shown there what we expect rate base to be at the end of this year, around $7.3 billion. We talked about the equity ratio we expect for the end of this year, 51.6%. And those are the real drivers, of course, of the earnings levels. And then in part of the rate case process, you normalize cost levels and sales levels and things of that sort. But the real driver over time in terms of earnings, of course, is your rate base and the amount of rate base supported by your equity and your capital structure. And as part of this rate case, just going from the last rate case to this rate case, as a result of $1.5 billion or so spending, a rate base has actually increased about $500 million from the last rate case to this rate case. That's the real driver of increased earnings in Missouri over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Bischof with Morningstar Research.
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Any update on the Missouri legislative front in terms of reform on reducing regulatory lag, among other things?
Martin J. Lyons: No real update for you. I'd again refer back to our last quarter's call and the transcript there, where we were sort of right at the end of the legislative session, and I think provided pretty fulsome comments about the situation there. I think as we go through time, I think as we've talked about, we will continue to work to educate all stakeholders in the state about the need for and the importance of investment in our aging infrastructure in Missouri. And in months like this, like any other time of the year, but particularly between active legislative sessions, we're certainly doing our best to continue to make sure that we are doing the right outreach for stakeholders and education about the importance of good, strong energy policy for the state of Missouri.
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: And I appreciate the, what I understood are sales discussion. Any -- how are customer account numbers looking in the quarter?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, we continue to look at those. Our residential and commercial accounts in Missouri were actually up. I talked about it last time, they're up slightly. So less than 0.5%. But nonetheless, residential and commercial counts were up, and I think that's a positive. Over in Illinois, residential accounts were down a little bit. Though again, just a small amount, less than 0.5%, but we did see commercial customer accounts actually grow by about 0.7%. So overall, I think those are good trends. They're positive. If you want, I'll talk a little bit about the industrial sales. I mentioned in Missouri that they're up in terms of industrial sales. I mentioned about 0.5%. And we are seeing good, robust growth in areas like cement, automotive, food and agriculture, those kinds of industrial customers. And so that -- it's encouraging to see that industrial sales growth, it's encouraging to see jobs grow, and it's encouraging to see the customer accounts go up. I think all those things seem to be moving in a positive direction. In Illinois, like I mentioned, industrial sales have been down. It's more there in steel and metals, heavy equipment manufacturing. Those are some of the industries that have seen declines in sales, but as I mentioned, not much of an impact right now on residential customer accounts, down just a little. And it's certainly encouraging to see commercial accounts still continue to grow.
Operator: There are no further questions at this time. Would you like to make any closing remarks?
Douglas Fischer: Yes, Warner does have one remark.
Warner L. Baxter: Yes, thanks, Doug. A little bit earlier, Stephen Byrd had asked me a question about the greenhouse gas proposal and elements that were unworkable, and I outlined the concerns that we had in the building blocks. And I just want to make sure I add one other important aspect, and that relates to the target dates. Now the headline is that it desires to have carbon emissions 30% below 2005 levels by 2030. I think it's important to recognize that their interim, aggressive interim target dates, begin as early as 2020. And so when you look at some of the challenges and the cost drivers, it is indeed these interim target dates and the overall target date, which really drives our costs up. So I just want to make sure I added that to Stephen to your question. And so we appreciate that. Doug, I'll turn it back over to you to wrap it up.
Douglas Fischer: Okay. Thank you, Warner. Thank you, all, for participating in this call. Let me remind you again that a replay of the call will be available for 1 year on our website. If you have questions, you may call the contacts listed on today's release. Financial analyst inquiries should be directed to me, Doug Fischer. Media should call Joe Muehlenkamp. And our contact numbers are on today's news release. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren, and have a great day.
Operator: This concludes today's conference. Thank you for your participation. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2014 Q1  (2014-05-08 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas Fischer -  Warner L. Baxter - Chief Executive Officer, President and Director Martin J. Lyons - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Maureen A. Borkowski - Chairman of ATX, Chief Executive Officer of ATX and President of ATX
Analysts: Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Carl Seligson David A. Paz - Wolfe Research, LLC
Operator: Greetings. Welcome to the Ameren Corporation's First Quarter 2014 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the floor over to your host, Mr. Douglas Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, Mr. Fischer, you may now begin.
Douglas Fischer: Thank you, and good morning. I'm Doug Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today are Warner Baxter, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Marty Lyons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, as well as other members of the Ameren management team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and the webcast will be available for 1 year on our website at ameren.com. Further, this call contains time sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted on our website, a presentation that will be referenced by our speakers. To access this presentation, please look in the Investors section of our website under Webcasts and Presentations and follow the appropriate link. Turning to Page 2 of the presentation. I need to inform you that comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, believes, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the Forward-looking Statement section in the news release we issued today, and the Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors sections in our filings with the SEC. Warner will begin this call with a review of first quarter 2014 earnings and updated 2014 guidance as well as an update on legislative, regulatory and business developments. Marty will follow with a more detailed discussion of first quarter financial results and comment on earnings considerations for the balance of the year. We will then open the call for questions. Before Warner begins, I'd like to mention that all per share amounts discussed during today's presentation, including earnings guidance, are presented on a continuing operations basis, unless otherwise noted. Now here's Warner, who will start on Page 4 of the presentation.
Warner L. Baxter: Great. Thanks, Doug, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today we announced first quarter 2014 earnings of $0.40 per share compared to first quarter 2013 earnings of $0.22 per share. This increase was primarily the result of much colder winter temperatures, which drove higher electric and natural gas sales levels, increased revenues for electric transmission service. Earnings comparison also benefited from lower interest expense, increased Illinois electric delivery earnings recognized under formula ratemaking, the substantial elimination of business and administrative costs, previously incurred in support of divested merchant generation business. Today, we also updated our earnings guidance for this year. We now expect 2014 earnings to be in a range of $2.30 to $2.50 per share, a $0.05 per share increase from a prior range of $2.25 to $2.45 per share. This increase incorporates the positive effect of a cooler than normal first quarter temperatures just discussed. Marty will provide further details on first quarter earnings in a few minutes. Before he does so, I would like to update you on recent developments in our Missouri and Illinois utilities and the FERC regulated electric transmission activities. Turning to Page 5, I'll begin my Missouri update by discussing legislative matters. In the current session of the Missouri General Assembly, we have strongly advocated for legislation that would reduce regulatory lag and support investments in aging infrastructure, namely Senate Bill 909 and House Bill 2204. However, with legislative session scheduled to end next week on May 16, it does not appear likely that such legislation will win approval from General Assembly this year. While progress was made in securing support for these bills from certain legislators who have opposed the infrastructure legislation proposed last year, other legislative priorities such as income tax and education reform overshadowed the need to enhance policies to support energy, infrastructure investment this session. We are disappointed that infrastructure legislation is not likely to be enacted this session. But this will not affect our ability to execute the strategic plan we've discussed with you in the past. We have and will continue to operate and invest in our utility businesses in a manner consistent with existing regulatory frameworks. Under the 5-year investment plan, we've presented to you in February, we will continue to allocate less discretionary capital to Missouri operations and greater levels of capital to our Illinois energy delivery and transmission businesses where regulatory frameworks are more supportive of infrastructure investments. Nevertheless, another key component of our long-term strategy is to enhance frameworks and advocate for responsible energy policies. As a result, we will continue to actively work with legislators and other key stakeholders to build support for energy policies that reduce regulatory lag and support investment in our aging infrastructure in Missouri. Such investments will result in long-term benefits for our customers, shareholders and the entire State of Missouri. Moving from legislative to regulatory matters, I'd like to update you on important pending and planned rate cases in Missouri. Last month the Missouri Public Service Commission established schedules for the electric rate shift and earnings complaint cases filed by Ameren Missouri's largest industrial customer, Noranda, which operates an aluminum smelter in southeastern Missouri. In the rate shift case, the commission schedule calls for hearings in mid-June and a decision on August 6. While in the earnings case, the schedule calls for hearings in late July and early August, but the decision on September 26. These schedules are summarized in the appendix to today's presentation. In both of these cases, the burden proof rests solely on Noranda and the 37 residential customers, who joined the complaint filings. While Noranda's electric rate shift proposal is revenue neutral to Ameren Missouri, we do not believe Noranda's proposed reduction in its electric rates, which is significantly below its cost of service, is appropriate, or in the best interest of other 1.2 million electric customers. Nor do we believe that an overall reduction in our electric rates is justified. The testimony we filed under rate shift case tomorrow and the earnings case on June 6 will strongly support our positions. In fact, by July 15, Ameren Missouri will file a long-planned electric rate increase request. This rate request will further demonstrate that Ameren Missouri's rates should be increased to recover updated operating costs, including higher net fuel cost. To cover and earn a return on additional electric infrastructure investments made for the benefit of our customers and to reflect rebates provided for customer-installed solar generation. The additional infrastructure investments include several significant projects. These are, replacement of the reactor head at our Callaway Nuclear Energy Center, in order to ensure continued safe and dependable operations. Upgrades to the electrostatic precipitators at our coal fired Labadie Energy Center to reduce emissions and make the air cleaner. Two new substations in downtown St. Louis and construction of the O'Fallon Renewable Energy Center and Facility. All of these projects are scheduled to be completed by the fourth quarter of this year and therefore, eligible for inclusion in the new rates. In summary, our rate increase request in Missouri is about providing our customers and the state with safe, dependable, and cleaner energy they need and expect. I'll conclude my Missouri update by commenting on the United States Supreme Court's recent decision upholding the Environmental Protection Agency's Cross-State Air Pollution Rule, or CSAPR. We are continuing to review the court's decision and expect the EPA to issue guidance on implementing the rule in the near future. Assuming the EPA does not revise the emission reductions it previously included in the CSAPR, we believe this new rule will have a minimal effect on our business. This is due to the fact that in recent years, we've taken a number of important actions to significantly reduce sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide emissions from Missouri energy centers. We installed scrubbers at our Sioux Energy Center and began burning ultra-low sulfur coal in all for coal-fired energy centers. Further, we modified our generating units to lower nitrogen oxide emissions. These actions have positioned us well to comply with CSAPR. Moving to Page 7, and an Illinois regulatory update. I'll remind you that each year's Illinois electric delivery earnings are a function of that years' ending rate base. The formula determined allowed return on equity, which is the annual average of 30-year U.S. treasury bond yields plus 580 basis points and ICC authorized equity ratio. Illinois formula ratemaking requires Ameren Illinois to file for annual rate updates to systematically updated cash flows over time for changes in cost of service and to true-up of any period over or under recovery of such costs. Last month, Ameren Illinois filed an update seeking a $206 million increase in electric rates reflecting 2013 actual costs, expected 2014 infrastructure investments, and changes in prior period over and under recovery balances. While the filing with the Illinois Commerce Commission would result in an increase in 2015 electric delivery service rates, total electric bills in 2015 are still expected to remain below 2011 levels for most customers. An ICC order is expected by December of this year. The new rates will be effective in January of next year. Summary of our filing is included in the appendix of this presentation. While we are on the subject of electric delivery service, I want to highlight the fact that our Illinois electric delivery customers are beginning to experience the benefits of a long-term approach to upgrading the states' electric infrastructure under the Illinois Energy Infrastructure Modernization Act. Simply put, implementation of advanced technology is increasing electric system performance. We are hardening our system by installing larger poles that can withstand stronger storms. We're installing smart sensors and switches to reduce outages. Resizing transformers to meet future capacity needs for customers and construct a new overhead and underground line. Company also plans to install new advanced meters beginning in the summer of this year. Over time, these upgrades will improve service by helping Ameren Illinois detect and isolate outages faster. Customers will also have more information in new tools and programs to better manage their energy costs. All in all, we're on track to meet the performance goals of an incremental investments required by the Infrastructure Modernization Act, as well as pass the 2014 rate impact test of the act. Finally, investments in modernizing the grid are creating significant new jobs. Since January 3, 2012, these forward thinking energy policies have supported over 1,000 new jobs in Ameren Illinois service territory alone, including contract workers. These jobs are providing a needed economic boost to downstate Illinois. Turning now to Page 8 and our FERC regulated transmission business. As we stated on our February earnings call, we currently plan to invest substantial incremental capital, $2.25 billion over the 2014 through 2018 period, given local and regional needs for transmission investment and first constructive forward-looking formula ratemaking framework. I'm pleased to report that our investment plans are proceeding as expected. In particular, I would like to update you on activities at Ameren Transmission Company of Illinois or ATXI. We are in the early stages of construction of our largest single project, an approximately $1.1 billion Illinois Rivers MISO approved, regional multi-value project. Substation construction is already underway and line construction is expected to begin later this year. We are also currently reviewing and expect to update later this year the estimated costs of this project. This estimate will incorporate the final ICC-approved route, which is somewhat longer than the originally proposed, and accommodates certain property owner and environmental concerns. Next, I'll like to update you on ATXI's Spoon River project. The MISO approved regional multi-value transmission line between Peoria and Galesburg, Illinois that is expected to be in service by 2018. We recently held a first round of 6 open house meetings to inform area residents about the project and to receive input. The second round of open house meetings will be held in June. At which time ATXI will identify at least 2 possible routes. We plan to request a certificate of public convenience and necessity for this Spoon River project from the Illinois Commerce Commission in the third quarter of this year, and expect to receive a decision in mid-2015. Spoon River's cost is estimated at approximately $130 million to $150 million depending on the route approved by the ICC. On the transmission rate front, a complaint case challenging MISO's current allowed return on equity of 12.38% and other aspects of ratemaking are pending at FERC. Ameren Illinois and ATXI electric transmission investments are subject to this MISO allowed ROE. We continue to be actively engaged in this proceeding and strongly believe that constructive ratemaking policies within the allowed ROE level play a pivotal role in setting investment. Our 5-year investment plan clearly supports this perspective. Well, we can't predict the ultimate outcome of this case, we believe, the FERC commissioners are committed to encouraging transmission investment. The FERC has not yet established a schedule for the MISO ROE complaint case. We expect it to first resolve the pending New England ROE complaint case, before acting on the MISO case. Turning to Page 9. I firmly believe that Ameren is well-positioned to deliver superior value to our customers and shareholders, as we execute on our strategy of investing in and operating our utilities in a manner consistent with existing regulatory frameworks, as well as working to enhance those frameworks and advocating for responsible energy policies. Further, we're focused on creating and capitalizing on opportunities to invest in our rate regulated businesses to the benefit our customers and shareholders. As shown at the top of this page, we're allocating significant and growing amounts of discretionary capital to Ameren Illinois energy delivery in our FERC regulated energy transmission businesses because we can improve the safety and ability and sustainability of the services we provide to our customers because these businesses operate under modern, constructive regulatory frameworks. We have a solid list of transmission projects that are expected to increase our FERC-regulated transmission rate base by approximately 28% compounded annually over the 2013 to 2018 period. In addition, our Ameren Illinois investments are expected to contribute to projected Illinois electric and gas delivery rate base growth of 5% and 7%, respectively on a compound annual basis. Our 5-year outlook incorporates expected Missouri rate base growth at only a 2% compound annual rate, reflecting the need for further enhancements to the regulatory framework that reduce regulatory lag for investment. In summary, over the next 5 years, we plan to invest almost $5 billion in the State of Illinois, consistent with our approach to strategically allocate capital to those jurisdictions that support investment and provide greater opportunities to earn fair returns on our investments, compared to approximately $3.4 billion in the state of Missouri. Putting all of this together, we continue to expect earnings per share to grow at a 7% and 10% compound annual rate from 2013 through 2018. This outlook is driven primarily by expected rate base growth of approximately 6% compounded annually from year-end 2013 to 2018, as shown at the bottom half of this page, as well as strategic capital allocation and disciplined cost management. I'll now turn the call over to Marty for further financial update. Marty?
Martin J. Lyons: Thanks, Warner. Turning now to Page 11 of our presentation. As Warner noted, today we reported earnings for the first quarter of 2014, of $0.40 per share compared to $0.22 per share for the first quarter of 2013. Key drivers of this earnings improvement are listed on this page. First, colder winter temperatures drove higher electric and natural gas sales volumes, increasing earnings by an estimated $0.07 per share compared to the year-ago period and compared to normal temperatures. Second, increased Ameren Illinois and ATXI electric transmission revenues under FERC's formula-looking ratemaking reflecting 2014 infrastructure investments, boosted the earnings comparison by a total of $0.03 per share. Third, lower interest expense, primarily at Ameren Missouri, increased first quarter 2014 earnings by $0.03 per share compared with the first quarter of 2013. Fourth, parent and other results improved, reflecting the substantial elimination of business and administrative cost, previously incurred in support of the divested merchant generation businesses. This benefited the earnings comparison by $0.03 per share. Finally, Illinois electric delivery service earnings recognized under formula ratemaking increased $0.02 per share, reflecting 2014 infrastructure investments, and a higher allowed ROE due to increased 30-year U.S. treasury bond yields. Moving now to Page 12. Warner already mentioned that we raised our 2014 earnings guidance to reflect the colder than normal first quarter temperatures. On this Page, we list selected items to consider, as you update your 2014 earnings models. These include the effect on earnings that a return to normal temperatures would have on this year's remaining quarters. Also, next year, Ameren's high-cost -- excuse me, next week, Ameren's high-cost $425 million parent company debt issue will mature. We plan to fund this maturity with short-term debt and expect to issue approximately $200 million to $300 million of parent company long-term debt late this year, as we continue to fund our ATXI infrastructure investment. In addition, I want to remind you that the 2013, Callaway Energy Center and nuclear fueling outage and the associated increase in operations and maintenance expenses was a second quarter event last year, but this year's refueling will take place in the fourth quarter. Finally, second quarter 2014 earnings should benefit compared to 2013, from the absence of last year's Missouri fuel adjustment clause disallowance, while fourth quarter 2014 earnings should benefit, again compared to 2013 from the absence of last year's Illinois debt redemption cost disallowance. Of course, these are only some of the factors that will have an effect on balancing the year 2014 earnings compared to last year. Turning finally to Page 13, I will summarize. We are executing on the well-defined strategy as mentioned by Warner. Our first quarter 2014 earnings results were strong as a result, we have raised our guidance range for this year. Our investment plan, including our strategic allocation of capital, disciplined cost control, and reduced parent company earnings drag are expected to lead earnings per share growth of 7% to 10% compounded annually from 2013 to 2018. This growth rate is better than the expected average of our regulated peers. Further, Ameren's $1.60 per share annualized dividend rate provides investors with a yield of approximately 4%. Finally, we aspire to grow our dividend as earnings grow and expect our dividend payout ratio to be between 55% and 70% for the annual earnings. This concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question is from the line of Stephen Byrd of Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wanted to talk about transmission growth plans beyond what you already laid out, as I think you about Entergy joining MISO, and as you think about your service territory being the linkage. Could you talk about how you think about additional transmission growth plans? What would the process be, timing, et cetera for thinking through that? Is that something we should be actively thinking about?
Warner L. Baxter: Steven, this is Warner. I'll touch on some of the big picture things and then in terms of some of the timing, maybe I'll ask Maureen Borkowski, our CEO of our transmission business to step in. But a big picture, we do see opportunities for incremental investments in transmission. Certainly, as you mentioned, you look at Entergy coming into MISO and we see that there are clear opportunities there. But I wouldn't limit it to just that, I would look at the opportunities at the MISO and PJM scene, as well as between MISO and SPP and frankly, beyond that just some of our NERC liability projects. You put all those types of things together and we see over the next several years, real opportunities for growth in transmission and Maureen and her team, even today are taking steps to position ourselves to execute on investment strategy there, just as we did, frankly many years ago, to put ourselves into position we're at today to execute on the $2.25 billion that we're executing in the plan. So we absolutely -- something we should be thinking about and something we're clearly thinking about and we intend to execute on. In terms of overall timing, Maureen, I know that there is a process going up, perhaps you can fill in -- fill us in a little bit on that.
Maureen A. Borkowski: Yes, certainly from a timing perspective, all of the RTOs are engaged in implementing their post-FERC Order 1000 processes. And we've been actively engaged and participating in those, both in terms of the certification processes to participate as a transmission developer in those regions, as well as to participate in the planning process, propose projects. We've actually already been precertified by both PJM and MISO to participate in that post-FERC Order 1000 process, and we're working with Southwest Power Pool as they continue to develop their rules for certification. So we are in the development phase, I would say, at this point in time, but as Warner mentioned, those are all milestones that need to be met, and as we continue to accomplish those, we're hoping to increase that portfolio of projects.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Great. And shifting gears over to Missouri, clearly disappointing that the legislature didn't take action. Can you talk about what would need to happen. What would need to change in the state for there to be better appreciation for the need for more incentives to actually spend capital in the state? It sounds like other priorities really is -- you were saying Warner, sort of took higher priority this year, but just wondering what needs to change for the situation in Missouri to improve?
Warner L. Baxter: Steven, this is Warner. I think, certainly there were other priorities that the legislature took on this year. And certainly, to be clear, I mean, there certainly was some opposition by certain consumer groups that really, I would say, are taking more of a shorter term energy focus than the longer-term. So one of the things that we have been and will continue to do is continue to educate key stakeholders, not just legislators, but others around the state about the importance of solid energy policy in the state of Missouri about the importance of infrastructure investment, and not only how it's going to lead our customers' energy needs and expectations in the future, but also how we're convinced, it can drive economic development and growth. I think, a great example that would be helpful for us, so the great things that Richard Mark and his team are doing over in Illinois, in terms of using that constructive regulatory policy over there to invest in our infrastructure, helping deliver on the energy needs and expectations of customers and certainly driving job growth. So it is an educational process that we'll continue to do. It is an outreach process to legislators and key influentials, and it's important that we continue to raise the priority level of responsible energy policies in the state of Missouri. And Michael Moehn, who I know, has taken over in my role in Ameren Missouri, I know this is a top priority for he and his team and we're going to continue to be relentless in our discussions around this important energy policy in state. But, I think ultimately, is just going to continue to be working very hard to educate key stakeholders and continue to advocate for that responsible policy.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I was wondering, if you could just give us a flavor for what the level of discretionary capital would have been if something like SB 909 had been implemented. How much more you would have been investing in Missouri and where that would have come from? It would've come from Illinois or would've been additional capital raised in the capital markets? How should we have about it?
Warner L. Baxter: Paul, I'll start with -- this is Warner. I'll start with sort of the big picture about the incremental capital we thought we could put to work and then I'll let Marty jump in terms of how we're thinking about allocation of capital. The big picture, we looked at this legislation if it would have got across the finish line. It would've given us the ability to add say, $50 million to $100 million per year of incremental discretionary capital that we could put to work. So this bill was not that we're talking about, this session was not the same bill, that we have looked at in the past, nor is it really a similar bill that it was done in Illinois, where we get more timely recovery of cost. But no matter, we could clearly have put $100 million incrementally per year in a variety of aging infrastructure projects from both the transmission distribution and generation side of our business. Marty, you want to touch a little bit about how we think about that in terms of allocation of capital?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. Sure, Warner. Paul, as I mentioned on our last call, what we'll do to the extent that we do have incremental capital expenditure opportunities, whether they be in Missouri at some point in the future or other parts of our business, is if we clearly look at the relative returns, so we can get on various projects across the enterprise, look at our overall funding needs and also look beyond the current 5-year period as we said before to be developing sort of a pipeline of investment opportunities, rate-based growth and earnings growth opportunities beyond the 5-year period through 2018. So the opportunities present themselves, no matter where they be, we'll take a look at enterprise-wide and across not just the 5 years [indiscernible] and decide whether to fund those incrementally in the short-term or rearrange our project timing to push some of those projects out and build that pipeline for the future.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And I guess, just to clarify this, there really was no -- you guys in your forecast previously, hadn't really baked in anything for SB 909, is that correct?
Martin J. Lyons: That's absolutely right, Paul. There was nothing baked into our capital expenditure guidance for that nor did we feel that, that was necessary in order to achieve the earnings growth targets that we provided on our last call.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, great. And then on the Noranda case, any potential for settlement or should we just expect this to be litigated like, I mean, what do you guys think?
Warner L. Baxter: Paul, this is Warner. Look at big picture, we feel 2 things about those cases. Number one, about the earnings complaint case, we don't feel it's justified for our rates to go down. So we look forward to having that discussion before the Missouri Public Service Commission team over the next several months. And then secondly, I think, we've been clear that we believe that the rate shift that Noranda is proposing is simply not in the best interest of our customers. And so as you should expect that these cases to go before the Missouri Public Service Commission over the next 7 months.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then just finally, the FERC ROE case that you guys touched on, it looks like things are just sort of halted there. I'm just wondering, if you had any other insight or read tea leaves in any certain way about how that might -- or when something might happen there?
Maureen A. Borkowski: This is Maureen Borkowski. We really don’t have any particular insight on either what might happen with the MISO case or even watching to see what happens with the New England case. One thing I will say, we were pleased to see the renomination of commissioner LaFleur, and also watching to see what happens with the Norman Bay nomination. I certainly, think some of those things are things that need to be resolved, perhaps. But we're watching it just like you are.
Operator: Our next question is coming from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So first quick question, if you will. Under the EIMA, there seems to be a certain element of inflation permissible. As we've seeing some of the commodity prices recover, how are you seeing your latitude remaining under that mechanism? And if you could remind us a bit, when do we actually kind of true that up and test that, if you will?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, sure, Julien. I think, that under the legislation coming up, actually here in July of this year, we'll be making of filing to show how our rates have been impacted in Illinois, across the board in terms of the total customer's bill. Interestingly, what's been happening since we got into the formula rates is, the major components of the customers' bill, both the power prices, as well as the delivery service components, both of those components have actually been coming down. So we've said in our prepared remarks, number one, we expect that when we present that to the ICC, which is due again on or before July 31, we're going to show a reduction for our residential customers during that period. We also had mentioned in our prepared remarks that while we did just file recently, a rate update case that will take effect early in 2015, we still believe even with that increase that the total electric bills for most of our customers will still be below the 2011 levels. So, so far so good in terms of Ameren meeting the overall test, if you will, which was a 2.5% compound annual growth rate in total bills. We're actually believe that the bills for our customers are actually down versus where we started.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. I suppose, just a second question, in light of CSAPR of late, but more broadly, environmental spending, especially focusing here in Missouri at this point, how are you thinking about your exposure a, to coal ash? And then secondarily, the future around the regulations 1-hour SO2 et cetera, what kind of spend are you thinking about in the latter half of the decade, as you might tactically shift back to Missouri at some point in time?
Warner L. Baxter: Julian, this is Warner. In the bigger picture, I think that our team has done a nice job in positioning ourselves well to comply certainly with the existing environmental regulations. We're well positioned to address the MATS rules with these electrostatic precipitators and as we've said, we are well-positioned to address CSAPR. We certainly can't predict what the new rule is going to be in the future. And certainly, as the ash rules get finalized, we will obviously take the steps to comply with them. As we all know, here in June, there will be essentially proposed rules around greenhouse gas regulations. The one thing, I will say, is that we will continue to be advocating for responsible energy policies. We will take a very active role within the industry, within the state and federally trying to make sure that we have responsible energy policies that factoring the impacts on customers, the economy, and certainly environment. And so, with that, that's really how we see at as we sit here right now.
Martin J. Lyons: And Julien, the only other thing I would add is -- this is Marty, is, go ahead and take a look at the 10-K disclosures we've made and we'll update them as appropriate in the 10-Q. Though, I don't think there's anything major in terms of latter half of the decade changes in estimates for cost. So, I think, 10-K is probably the best reference in terms of some of those longer-term potential capital expenditures. And the other thing that I just remind you and everybody else is that we'll be also filing integrated resource plan in Missouri later this year in the October timeframe. And that will also be a document that you might reference in terms of thoughts on our future generations.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And perhaps, just the last quick clarification, the last question here around Noranda settlement et cetera. How does the Noranda case ultimately, play out in terms of your own upcoming filing? Obviously, the timing of the decision relative to when you filed the Missouri case doesn't exactly coincide? Are you -- is there any potential true up or any impact at all as you think about one versus the other?
Warner L. Baxter: Julien, this is Warner. The bottom line is that, we intend to file our electric rate increase requests by July 15, and we will execute that case as planned. We will have these other proceedings going on and perhaps in parallel and perhaps they'll be consolidated at some point, we simply can't predict. But we know that we will be filing our other electric rate increase requests by mid-July.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBank.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Do you still expect kind of the merchant costs, to whittle away half of those this year?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, Paul. This is Marty. You're correct. The guidance we gave at the beginning of the year, last year we had about $0.18 of parent and other costs that was both G&A cost, as well as, parent interest cost. Our guidance at the beginning of the year was that we would expect to reduce that this year down to about $0.10 per share and we are on target to accomplish that, if not beat that slightly.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And I know, it's less pertinent to you but what's the update on SB 702?
Warner L. Baxter: Paul, this is SB702. This is the property in transmission cost trackers that's what you are referring to?
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Yes, yes.
Warner L. Baxter: So the update is as follows, that bill has been passed in a bit different, but a similar conceptual bill from the house has been passed by 2 committees. The energy committees, both in the Senate and the House. And so it has not received floor debate, and as we said, we're both coming up to the end of session. So while not impossible for that bill to still get potential have passage. Obviously, as each day goes by it become more challenging.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I have -- I wanted us -- I have a couple of questions, first on Missouri. Can you talk about, the rate base in Missouri that is being mentioned in the 2 cases that are outstanding in the complaint in the earnings -- the rate design case and the earnings complaint case versus the amount of rate base addition that might be included in a filing, I'm thinking the work at Labadie, the reactor vessel head that you mentioned at the beginning of the call? I'm just kind of trying to get a picture of how much incremental rate base that is? And I know that's capital spend you've probably, previously disclosed, I'm just not sure any of the offsets.
Warner L. Baxter: Michael, this is Warner. I'll try and take a high-level shot. Because the fact of the matter, the specific rate base in the earnings complaint case is still, I would say, a moving target. It is -- no one really knows the specific rate base. I think they're ultimately be the final last year and true up period is still under discussion. So we really don't have that. In terms of the rate design case, rate base may not be as critical discussion as it would be in the other earnings case. But I would say is this, as we've talked about in our talking points, just in terms of incremental capital additions, I mentioned 3 -- that are a few that are out there. Number one is the Callaway, the reactor vessel head at Callaway. The precipitators that are taking place at our Labadie Energy Center. We have a new solar energy facility, which will be coming on in the second half of the year. And then, we've added 2 new substations downtown. Those projects alone and I'm not talking about the rest of our projects, they alone are about $370 million. And so, then you can look at some of the other disclosures that we had in the past in terms of our rate base may be growing. But those are just some meaningful projects that whether they'll, a piece of those will be included in this rate base, but certainly they'll be included in our rate case, that was filed in July.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: And the best way to think about what you'll file in July is you'll use kind of a ending near 2014 rate base because you can -- because you're doing a mid-year filing the known and measurable process, let's you kind of true that up.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. And that's right. We will do a known and measurable process. And historically, which you typically see as a true up of about 6 months post that test year. And so obviously, when we think about filing rate cases, we factor all those elements into our thinking including meaningful rate base additions. And so that's all part of the effective managing of these process from our view.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. 1 or 2 other items, on the Illinois side, we've seen a -- I mean, the broader markets have seen a pretty decent downdraft from kind of the highs in terms of where the 10-year treasury was and where that 30-year treasury yield was. Can you talk about just the earnings sensitivity in Illinois to changes in the 30-year treasury?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. Michael, this is Marty. The -- one of the -- the best way of thinking about it is we talked before about 50 basis points in Illinois is about $0.025 per share of those electric delivery earnings. And I think, that's probably the best thing to think about. Something coming in into this year with respect to the ROE, we will affect sort of the formula midpoint at about [indiscernible] percent, which is what we were expecting a 30-year treasury of about 4.1%. And as we sit here now and based on as we look at our guidance, given that treasury -- I think 30-year treasuries plus [indiscernible] as of May 1, we're thinking it could be a little lower than 4.8%, maybe around 3.8%, which would give us an ROE of about 9.6%. So if that 9.6% versus the 9.9% expected, I mean again, that's probably about $0.015 of earnings right there, if that holds.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And one last... . [Audio Gap]
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Not a big number?
Martin J. Lyons: Not a big number.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then, just one last question, I'm trying to think through O&M over the next couple of years. Callaway outage in 2014, no Callaway outage in '15, but one in, I guess, like, if you are on a 18-month cycle or a 20-month cycle that would imply like second quarter-ish, first quarter-ish 2016. Do you incur all of the O&M still in the quarter incurred or is there some amortization, meaning, would 2015 benefit because there is no Callaway outage O&M in 2015, but then you'd have it back in '16?
Martin J. Lyons: Michael, absolutely. That is [indiscernible]-- this fourth quarter of this year, we actually have another about $0.06 cost for Callaway refueling. Next year we would not expect to incur those costs. So there is no amortization of the actual costs. We end up reflecting those and incurring them in the quarter that they occur. From time to time, and I'm not currently giving out the 2015 guidance, but we certainly think about our outage schedules with respect to our other fossil-fired generating units too though, as we think about year changes in O&M. So and there is some variability there.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. Okay. And one final one on the Illinois Rivers, how significant was the route change? I'm just trying to think about what kind of directionally, what the capital spending change could potentially be when you refile?
Martin J. Lyons: Well, it's not going to be necessary to refile. But we will provide you what we are basically saying on the call is that as we go through the year at some point we'll give some updated guidance on CapEx. And just wanted you all to know, we were looking at the overall final project plan, timing and capital expenditures for that project. Overall, as Warner mentioned in this talking points, the route was call it marginally longer. There were numerous angles that were in the final plan to accommodate property owners and avoid environmentally sensitive areas. So in all of those things, we do think put some modest upward pressure on the total cost of the project. But as I said again, we are working through the final project plans, capital expenditure amounts and timing, and as I said, I think in response to a question earlier, what we do then, is we'll step back and look at our overall Ameren-wide capital spending plans, and allocate capital as we feel appropriate.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And can you remind us, what would be original capital for that project and what was the length of the original plan, meaning mileage?
Martin J. Lyons: I don't think, I have the length of the original plan, but the -- the cost estimates you see in our slides, have not been changed. So the cost estimates that you have in the slides are the same costs and estimates that we provided historically. And we're just simply saying that we do expect to be some moderate upward pressure on those cost estimates. And we'll provide updates later on. But I don't have the exact change in the miles, but the miles were an impact, but also like I said, twists and turns to avoid certain properties also had an impact.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] The next question is from the line of Carl Seligson of Utility Financial.
Carl Seligson: Curious -- weather was beneficial in the quarter, as you say by $0.07. You raised the guidance for the year by a $0.05. What bunch of other things -- look, most of which are positive, this year versus last year for the next 3 quarters. What's going on that's going to go bad and keep that large range for your guidance?
Martin J. Lyons: Carl, this is Marty. Thanks for the question. When you look at those various drivers for the quarter, they were positive versus the prior year. Many of those though were right in line with our expectations, when we put out the guidance. So the first one, the temperatures was really the one that was unexpected and drove electric margins about $0.05 higher and gas margins about $0.02 higher. So the weather clearly had a benefit. When we think about the guidance for the year, which we started at $0.20, and we're still at $0.20. It's important, obviously to remember that the bulk of our earnings come in the third quarter of the year. So we've got a long way to go here for the remainder of the year, both in terms of calendar months, but also in terms of where the bulk of our earnings really come from. So in thinking about it, while weather benefited us $0.07, and we are raising our guidance about $0.05. There are obviously in a forecast, there are always things if you move through time, that would change either plus or minus in terms of a little bit of a negative, certainly talked about 30-year treasuries earlier on the call, which, if our updated treasury forecast holds, probably, cost us may be $0.015 or so versus our initial expectations. Then again, we're doing well in terms of reducing the parent and other costs, expected do well in terms of refinancing of that parent company debt, we probably picked up about $0.015 there that much -- so it's interesting about interest rates, it kind of cut both ways for us in terms of savings on the refinancings. It's a benefit. We -- when we mentioned sales, when we did look at our Q1 sales frankly absent weather normalization. There were actually a little better than expected. So taking credit for that, but not really changing the balance of the year expectations. It probably picked up about a $0.01 there, and then we lost a little bit and the expectation of a higher effective tax rate. So those things we didn't all call out, there are a bunch of pluses and minuses that are a $0.01 here or a $0.01 there. Again, weather was a big benefit, it upped our guidance and the guidance range simply reflects we got a long way to go this year.
Carl Seligson: Okay. And given the breadth of the range hopefully, you'll tighten that up a little bit, perhaps at the next quarter?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, historically -- we will continue to evaluate. I think, historically, maybe we tightened it up a little after the second quarter, but really, as I said before, the third quarter is where the bulk of the earnings come. But pretty significantly after the third quarter.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of David Paz of Wolfe Research.
David A. Paz - Wolfe Research, LLC: Sorry, if I missed this earlier. What was your -- I think, you just touched on this Marty, what was your weather adjusted sales growth by segment?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, I didn't go through that in any details. In response to last question, I simply kind of mentioned it. But I think, I'll go ahead and go through it in some detail if you like. I'd remind you that coming into the year, we did expect the residential and commercial sales would be down about a full percent and industrial down about 0.7%. And remind you that 1% decline in residential and commercial, really, we expect that to be driven by significant investment in energy efficiency in Missouri, as well as just sort of national energy efficiency lighting standards. For the quarter, our heating degree days were up about 19% compared to last year at about 26% compared to normal. And as I said on the call, we estimate both of those had an impact about $0.07, about $0.07 positive compared to normally and compared to the prior year. And when we weather normalize, our residential and commercial sales, there actually up about 0.8%. Illinois was really driving that Illinois residential and commercial sales up, while Missouri was down, which certainly our expectation they would be, given some of the energy efficiency spending. So -- but, I would say, overall and what I said in the last Q&A, was that, that was better performance, I would say, in terms of sales growth both in Illinois and Missouri than had been expected, despite Missouri being down, it was just down less than expected. Absent the impacts of the energy efficiency programs in Missouri, which is I mentioned, I think, I mentioned on the prior call, we gave recovery and are basically made whole of the impacts on energy efficiency investment in Missouri. We actually estimated, excluding those impacts of energy efficiency. So both weather normalizing and stripping out impacts of weather energy efficiency, the residential and commercial sales in Missouri also would've been up, maybe 0.5% or so across the residential and commercial class. So overall, David, I think, it was a positive. As I said in the last response, though, as I think for the remainder of year, we're going to continue take a cautious approach. And take credit for the good performance here in Q1. But not really raise our expectations for the remainder of the year. I guess, a couple of other comments in the sales area, I remind you last year sales in that residential and commercial were up about 0.6%, which was good. Our customer accounts in Q1, were up about 0.3% in residential and commercial. So there are some good signs there and we'll continue to watch that. In terms of industrial sales, again, Missouri was up, which was positive. We saw that last year. We saw about 0.3% of increase. Nothing huge, but nonetheless, a little bit of positive growth in Missouri, which was great. Illinois, as I mentioned on our last call, we continue to see the industry struggling there, where we saw our industrial sales down about 2.6%. So that's kind of an update, unless you want more in terms of what we saw in terms of sales?
David A. Paz - Wolfe Research, LLC: I got a follow-up off line. And I'll just had a couple of quick ones. I understand your rate cases in Missouri are based on historical test year. I just wanted you to confirm that sales are weather normalized in rate cases correct?
Martin J. Lyons: Absolutely, yes.
David A. Paz - Wolfe Research, LLC: And I presume, there'll be the same in the over -- pending overearnings complaints?
Martin J. Lyons: Well, again, that we will see how that proceeding plays out. But absolutely, we believe that in the process of setting rates, sales levels should be normalized for weather.
David A. Paz - Wolfe Research, LLC: Great. And then just your coal stockpiles, I'm just curious what they're looking like right now as we head shoulder, or I guess, we're in the shoulder season.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, I would say that we don't typically give out our exact coal pile levels, but....
David A. Paz - Wolfe Research, LLC: Are they normal, about normal.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, I would say that they're normal.
Operator: I will now like to turn the call to Mr. Fischer for closing comments.
Douglas Fischer: I want to thank each of you for participating in this call. Let me remind you again, that a replay of the call will be available for 1-year on our website. If You have questions, you can call the contacts listed on today's release. Financial analyst inquiries should be directed to me, Doug Fischer or my associate Matt Thayer. Media should call Joe Muehlenkamp. Our contact numbers are on today's news release. Again, I thank you for your interest in Ameren, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. We thank you for your participation.

===== 2013 Q4  (2014-02-21 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas Fischer - Director, Investor Relations Thomas R. Voss - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Martin J. Lyons - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Warner Baxter - President Maureen A. Borkowski - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Ameren Transmission Company
Analysts: Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Ashar Khan - Visium Asset Management Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc. Andy Bischof - Morningstar, Inc. Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley Bill Appicelli - Nexus Asset Management Gregg Gillander Orrill - Barclays Capital Inc.
Operator:  Greetings, and welcome to Ameren Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. I would now like to turn the conference over to your host, Mr. Douglas Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations. Thank you, sir. You may now begin.
Douglas Fischer: Thank you, and good morning. I'm Doug Fisher, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today are Tom Voss, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; Warner Baxter, our President; and Marty Lyons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; as well as other members of the Ameren management team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and the webcast will be available for one year on our website at ameren.com. Further, this call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast. And redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on our website that will be referenced by our speakers. To access this presentation, please look in the Investors section of our website under Webcasts and Presentations and follow the appropriate link. Turning to page two of the presentation, I need to inform you that comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the Forward-Looking Statements section in the news release we issued today and the Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors sections in our filings with the SEC. Tom will begin this call with a review of 2013 earnings and accomplishments. Warner will follow with a discussion of our plans for executing on our strategy and our earnings growth outlook. Marty will conclude with discussions of 2013 financial results, 2014 guidance, 2015 earnings drivers and other financial matters. We will then open the line for questions. Before Tom begins, I would like to mention that all per share amounts discussed during today's presentation, including earnings guidance, are presented on a diluted continuing operations basis unless otherwise noted. Now here's Tom, who will begin on page four of the presentation.
Thomas R. Voss: Thanks, Doug. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Today, we announced earnings for 2013 of $2.10 per share, compared to $2.13 per share for 2012. On a weather-normalized basis 2013 results improved over the prior year's results reflecting increased rates for Missouri electric and Illinois transmission service and increased Illinois electric delivery service earnings under formula ratemaking. The increase in weather-normalized earnings was achieved despite several negative impacts on year-over-year earnings comparison. These negative impacts included 2013 nuclear refueling outage expenses compared to no refueling outage in 2012; two 2013 charges related to regulatory decisions and the absence in 2013 of a benefit from 2012 regulatory decision. Marty will provide further details on earnings in a few minutes. Moving to page five. Last year was a pivotal one in the history of Ameren, and I would like to highlight some of our key 2013 accomplishments. First and foremost, we exited our merchant generation business to focus exclusively on strengthening and growing our rate regulated utilities. As we will highlight in a moment, we are very excited about our prospects with these businesses with divestiture of our Ameren Energy Resources business to an affiliate of Dynegy was completed in early December. Further, we closed the sale of our remaining operating merchant facilities, three gas-fired energy centers to an affiliate of Rockland Capital last month. The second major accomplishment was State of Illinois' enactment of legislation for which we advocated that supports our plans to invest in energy delivery infrastructure for the benefit of our customers and create jobs. This included one law that constructively clarified certain elements of electric delivery formula ratemaking, and the second law that established the framework for timely gas delivery rate adjustments for qualified infrastructure investments. Third, Ameren Transmission Company of Illinois attained a certificate of public convenience and necessity from the Illinois Congress Commission from portions of it's approximately $1.1 billion Illinois Rivers transmission project in 2013. And just yesterday the ICC issued a constructive order on rehearing, granting a certificate for all remaining portions of the project. Illinois Rivers is our largest current investment project and is a cornerstone of our plan to grow FERC-regulated investments. Fourth, Ameren Illinois received a December order from ICC authorizing increased gas delivery service rates that reflect planned investments that will enhance safety and service to customers. Fifth accomplishment of note was Ameren Missouri's successful implementation of the state's most expensive energy efficiency plan. This plan includes the range of programs and provides timely recovery of associated cost as well as the opportunity for us to earn the performance incentive to be collected after completion of the three year plan. Finally, 2013 was another year of strong operating performance at our utilities as well as disciplined cost management. Combining Missouri and Illinois electric distribution reliability as measured by the number of interruptions per customer served state a company record for the third year in a row, and Missouri baseload energy center performance remained solid with equivalent availability of 83%. I believe each of these accomplishments positions us well to execute our strategy; a strategy that we believe will deliver superior long term value for our customers and shareholders in the future. Speaking of the future, earlier this week we announced that I will retire from Ameren on July 1 of this year. In connection with my upcoming retirement, our Board named Warner Baxter President of Ameren and also elected him to the Board. On April 24, Warner will become CEO and on July 1 he is expected to be named Chairman. Warner joined Ameren in 1995 and he was promoted to Executive Vice President and CFO in 2003. Since 2009 Warner has served as President and CEO of our largest subsidiary Ameren Missouri and remains so until successor's name. I know that many of you already know Warner and share my belief that he is focused on providing value for both our shareholders and customers. Moving to page seven of our presentation, I will now turn the call over to Warner.
Warner Baxter: Thanks Tom, and let me begin by saying that I'm just very humble and honoured to follow you as the leader of Ameren. I have a few more comments to add at the end of our call, but I want to begin this discussion by saying that I'm very excited about the company's future. I'm excited because over the last several years our entire Ameren team has positioned itself to execute a solid growth strategy that I believe will deliver superior long term value to our customers and superior returns to our shareholders. This is the same strategy that we have outlined to you previously. We are committed to successfully executing that strategy in years ahead. In particularly, we remained committed to investing and operating our regulated businesses in a manner consistent with our existing and regulatory frameworks. As a result, 2014 will be another year of optimizing our operating and capital spending within these regulatory frameworks including managing costs in a disciplined manner. It will also be another year of allocating increasing amounts of discretionary capital into businesses operating under constructive regulatory frameworks. Ameren Illinois will continue to invest in electric and gas delivery service enhancements and our Illinois monetization action plan. In addition, Ameren Illinois is focused on continued investment in local transmission, reliability projects that benefit from FERC's formulaic ratemaking and allow return on investment. These investments are made possible by the constructive regulatory frameworks in place for these businesses. We're also committed to pursuing rate increases when needed. That's why this year in Missouri plans to file an electric rate increase request to recover operating costs including higher net fuel costs and investments in energy infrastructure made for the benefit of our customers. These investments include two significant capital projects, replacement of the reactor head at our Callaway Nuclear Energy Center and upgrades to the electrostatic precipitators in our coal-fired Labadie energy center. Both projects were scheduled to be completed in fourth quarter of this year. The timing of the rate request is designed to minimize as much as possible under the existing Missouri regulatory framework, the regulatory life on these important projects. Our need to file this rate increase request squarely contradicts the February 12 filing by Noranda Aluminum with the Missouri of Pubic Service Commission alleging that the Ameren Missouri is over-earning and then its rates should be reduced. Interestingly, on the same day, Noranda also filed with the commission a request that it's electric rates to be reduced outside of a traditional rate case, asking that a significant portion of our cost to serve them is shifted to our other customers for 10 years. We will vigorously appose these Noranda filings and look forward to defending our position before the Missouri Public Service Commission. Moving onto another element of our strategy. This year we will continue our work to enhance regulatory frameworks. In Missouri, we have been engaged with customers, legislators, state officials and other stakeholders to build support for legislation that will reduce regulatory lag allowing us to increase discretionary investments in our aging Missouri energy infrastructure to enhance customer service and reliability and create jobs. Yesterday Senate Bill 909 was filed. The primary objective of this bill is to modernize Missouri's regulatory framework to support investment in aging energy infrastructure to all the investor-owned utilities in the state. You should note this bill is different from the bill that was filed last year. After numerous discussions with key stakeholders after last year's session, it was determined that a more incremental approach to modernising Missouri's regulatory framework was appropriate. As a result, this bill is targeted to address the regulatory lag associated with depreciation and the cost of capital for qualifying energy infrastructure investments, placement service between rate cases. This bill will not allow interim adjustments in customers' rates between rate cases, but it will allow utilities to differ and to cover the depreciation and cost of capital associated with infrastructure investments actually serving customers in the next rate case. Robust consumer protections are included in the bill, including the 1% rate cap for every year between rate cases. The lead sponsor of this bill is Senator Parson and the bill's co-sponsor is Senator Kehoe. We appreciate Senator Parson's and Senator Kehoe's leadership on this important energy policy initiative for state of Missouri. A third element of our strategy is to develop and execute on rate regulated opportunities for investments that benefit our customers, create jobs and grow rate base and earnings. Our ability to successfully execute this element of our strategy is best executed by the multi-value Illinois Rivers transmission project. As Tom mentioned, just yesterday the ICC issued a constructive order on the hearing for this project, granting the certificate of public convenience and necessity for all portions of the project. It was a certificate that not been previously granted. Substation construction is already underway and line construction is expected to begin later this year. Looking ahead, our planning efforts extend well beyond the next several years. We are actively focused on selecting and developing other investment projects in all our regulated businesses to provide customers with safe, reliable and environmentally responsible service not just for the near term, but over the coming decade. Turning now to page eight of our presentation. Clearly outlined how we were investing in a manner consistent with our strategy. On the top of this page we list our rate regulated business by jurisdiction and summarized our allowed rates return on equity, speed of cost recovery and forecasted annual rate base growth. On the bottom half of the slide we show our plans to grow rate base by a projected 6% compound annual rate from year end of 2013 to 2014. Importantly, you should note that we are allocating significant and growing amounts of discretionary capital to our FERC-regulated electric transmission businesses and Illinois deliverable utilities as these operate under formulaic and constructive regulatory frameworks. We have a solid list of transmission projects which are projected to increase our FERC-regulated transmission rate base by approximately 28% compounded annually over this period. In addition, our Illinois Modernization Action Plan investments are expected to contribute to projected Illinois electric and gas delivery compound annual rate base growth of 5% and 7% respectively. Our Missouri rate base is expected to grow at a slower 2% compound annual rate. Over the last several years the regulatory framework in Missouri has improved, especially in terms of addressing regulatory lag associated with significant and volatile operating costs. However, rate of progress must be made to improve the framework to support investment in our aging energy infrastructure. Further regulatory enhancement in Missouri would allow us to develop a pipeline of future Missouri investment opportunities that enhanced customer service and reliability and increased rate base growth. This is the primary driver behind the legislation that was filed yesterday and discussed a moment ago. As the rate-regulated utility business we expect our planned rate base growth will drive earnings growth. In addition, we expect an increase in the FERC-regulated piece of the rate base pie from 7% at year end 2013 to 18% by year end 2018 will improve our jurisdictional diversity in our blended earn return on rate base. Finally, parent and other expenses are expected to decline in 2014 and in 2015 for reasons Marty will discuss, further enhancing earnings in these years. Moving now to page nine, we project a continued execution of our strategy will drive strong earnings growth in 2014 as well as over the next five years. We expect 2014 earnings per share to be in the range of $2.25 per share to $2.45 per share. A significant advance from the $2.10 per share earned last year. Marty will discuss the specific drivers of this 2014 earnings growth in a few minutes. Further, we expect earnings per share to grow at a 7% to 10% compound annual rate from 2013 to 2018, rate better than the expected average of our regulated peers. This five-year outlook accommodates a range of treasury rate, sales growth, spending level and regulatory developments. I would note that assuming treasury rates are flat with current levels over the period and all other assumptions are unchanged, our five-year earnings growth rate will fall slightly below the midpoint of our expected range. Finally, we inspired to grow the dividend as earnings grow and expect our dividend payout to be between 55% and 70% of annual earnings. Like Tom, I am pleased with the progress we have made to-date in implementing our strategy. And I firmly believe the company is well positioned to deliver superior value to our customers and shareholders as we continue to execute that strategy. Now before I turn the call over to Marty, I want to express my appreciation for the patience from our customers who experienced power outages last evening, and those still without power this morning. Very storm with high winds roared to our service territory last evening and brought down trees and power lines. Our crews worked throughout the night and this morning we had approximately 7,000 customers without power. We will have nearly all customers back on by the end of the day. And a special thanks to all of our dedicated co-workers who worked safely and diligently to restore power to our customers. I'll now turn the call over to Marty.
Martin J. Lyons: Thank you, Warner. Good morning, everyone. Turning now to page 11 of our presentation. Today we did report earnings for the fourth quarter of 2013 of $0.19 per share compared to $0.05 per share for the fourth quarter of 2012. There were several key drivers on the $0.14 per share earnings improvement. First, increased rates for Missouri electric and Illinois transmission service both effective in January of 2013 at a combined positive effect of $0.05 per share. Second, higher Illinois electric delivery earnings recognized under formula ratemaking improved earnings by $0.04 per share compared to the year ago quarter. This improvement reflect the timing differences among each year's quarters, increased rate base and the higher allowed return on equity as a result of higher 30-year treasury bond yields. Third, winter weather was colder in the fourth quarter of 2013 compared to the fourth quarter of 2012 when weather was closer to normal. This colder weather increased earnings by an estimated $0.04 per share compared to the prior year period. Fourth, an increase in weather-normalized electric and gas sales volumes boosted the earnings comparison by $0.03 per share. These positive factors will partially offset by a fourth quarter 2013 charge of $0.04 per share related to the ICC's disallowance of certain debt redemption cost in December electric and gas delivery rate orders. Moving to page 12, in the discussion of full-year 2013 results. As Tom previously mentioned, earnings for 2013 were $2.10 per share compared to $2.13 per share for 2012. However, on a weather-normalized basis result increased to approximately $2.08 per share in 2013 from approximately $2.04 per share in 2012. This non-GAAP comparison reflected the fact that earnings for both years were boosted by abnormal weather in the amounts noted on this page. Factors favourably affecting the comparison of 2013 earnings to prior year results included previously mentioned Missouri electric and Illinois transmission rate increases which lifted earnings by a combined $0.29 per share. These January 2013 rate increases provided recovery of and returns on infrastructure investments made to serve customers. In addition, higher Illinois electric delivery earnings recognized under formula ratemaking boosted results by $0.06 per share, reflecting infrastructure investment, a higher allowed return on equity due to higher 30-year treasury yields and the absence in 2013 of 2012 contribution required to implement formula ratemaking. The increase in weather-normalized earnings for 2013 as compared to 2012 was achieved despite several notable drags on the comparison. These drags included 2013 nuclear refueling outage expenses for the Callaway Energy Center of $0.10 per share, compared to 2012 when there was no refueling outage, and two 2013 charges in the absence of the 2012 benefit are related to regulatory decisions which had a combined negative effect of $0.18 per share. Turning now to page 13, as Warner mentioned, we expect 2014 earnings to be in the range of $2.25 to $2.45 per share. Factors expected to positively impact 2014 earnings compared to 2013 include the absence of the previously discussed 2013 charges related to regulatory decisions. In addition, Illinois electric delivery earnings are expected to increase under formula ratemaking, driven by planned investments to provide enhanced service to customers and result in rate base growth, as well as the higher allowed return due to expected higher treasury yield. We estimate Ameren Illinois 2014 year-end electric delivery rate base to be approximately $2.2 billion. Further, the 2014 formula midpoint allowed return on equity is estimated to be 9.9%, which incorporates a forecasted 2014 average 30-year treasury yield of 4.1% compared with the 2013 average yield of 3.45%. The 2014 treasury yield forecast was based on the Blue Chip consensus estimate as of February 1, 2014. The year-over-year earnings comparison will benefit from an increase in Illinois gas delivery rates that became effective at the beginning of this year. We also expect higher transmission earnings form Ameren Illinois and ATXI under forward-looking formula FERC ratemaking reflecting our growing investments in these businesses. The combined Ameren Illinois and ATXI average transmission rate base has projected to grow to approximately $900 million, up from approximately $600 million in 2013. Another driver of expected 2014 earnings growth compared to 2013 is a decline in parent company and other cost. We project that these costs will decline to approximately $0.10 per share in 2014 due to refinancing of an 8.875% parent company debt issue that matures in May and a reduction of operating cost. Turning now to page 14. These expected positive factors are projected to be partially offset by a return in normal weather, reducing earnings by an estimate of $0.02 per share. In addition, we expect weather-normalized electric sales volumes to decline in both Missouri and Illinois compared to 2013, reflecting the effects of our energy efficiency plans in both states and the ongoing phase out for incandescent light bulbs and the replacement with more energy efficient lighting alternatives. It's important to note that the earnings impact of reduced Missouri electric sales volumes due to our energy efficiency programs will be mitigated by revenue recovery based on programs under our Missouri Energy Efficiency Investment Act plan. Further, the earnings impact of lower electric sales volumes in Illinois is limited by the 50 basis point colour around the allowed ROE. Other factors expected to negatively effect 2014 earnings compared to 2013 include increases in other operations and maintenance, depreciation and property tax expenses for Missouri and Illinois gas delivery service. Our 2014 earnings guidance incorporates an effective consolidated income tax rate of approximately 38.5%. Finally, the earnings guidance incorporates average basic common shares of $242.6 million, unchanged from the prior year level. Turning to page 15 of our presentation, I would like to discuss 2015 earnings drivers. Factors expected to positively impact next year's earnings include new Missouri electric rates effective in mid-2015. In addition, Illinois electric delivery earnings are expected to increase under formula ratemaking as a result of rate base growth and a higher allowed ROE due to a forecasted increase in 30-year treasury bond yields. Ameren Illinois and ATXI transmission earnings are also expected to increase, reflecting FERC formula ratemaking and rate base growth. Further, the earnings comparison should be positively affected by the absence of the Callaway Energy Center nuclear refueling outage and related expenses since no refueling outage is scheduled for 2015. Finally, we expect a further decline in parent and other cost, reflecting a full year's benefit from the 2014 refinancing of parent company debt. These expected positive factors are projected to be partially offset by increased Missouri operations and maintenance expenses, excluding the benefit of no refueling outage as well as increased Missouri depreciation property tax and interest cost. Before we conclude our discussion of our earnings outlook, I'll remind you that our 2014 guidance as well as the 2013 through 2018 earnings growth expectations Warner discussed, are subject to the risks and uncertainty outlined or referred to in the forward-looking statement section of today's press release and our SEC filings. Moving now to page 16. Here we provide our 2014 cash flow guidance. As shown on this page, we calculate free cash flow by starting with our cash flows from operating activities, subtracting from our capital expenditures, adding other cash flows from investing activities and subtracting dividends. For 2014 we anticipate negative free cash flow of approximately $800 million. On the right side of the page we provide a breakdown of our $1.825 billion of planned 2014 capital expenditures including substantial investments in businesses which operate under constructive regulatory frameworks. FERC-regulated transmission and Illinois electric and gas delivery service. I call your attention to the two footnotes on this page. First, the other cash flows from investing activities includes approximately $150 million of cash proceeds in the previously mentioned January 2014 sales of three merchant gas-fired energy centers. These cash proceeds are equal to Ameren's 2013 put option related payments to a former affiliate that was included in the divestiture of the Ameren Energy Resources business to Dynegy as well as sell related cost. Second, the dollar amount of dividend shown on this page incorporates the current common dividend rate. Of course, the amount and timing of common dividends are considered by Ameren's Board of Directors on a quarterly basis. In terms of financing we plan to fund the 2014 negative free cash flow with a mix of long-term and short-term borrowings. Turning to page 17, I would like to provide an overview of our $8.3 billion of planned regulated capital expenditures for the 2014 through 2018 period. The expected funding sources for these infrastructure investments are listed on this page. In particular, we expect to benefit from approximately $1.3 billion to $1.4 billion of changes in differed tax and tax assets over this five-year period. The expected changes in differed taxes are driven primarily by our planned capital expenditures. The tax assets include at year end 2013 approximately $600 million consisting of federal and state net operating loss carry-forwards, federal and state income tax credit carry-forwards and expected income tax refunds and state tax over payments. Approximately $450 million of this total is driven by historical merchant generation related tax losses. These tax assets are expected to be realized into 2016. As I mentioned earlier, we do not expect to issue any additional common shares in 2014. Should we decide to issue additional equity at some point over this five-year period, we would expect to do so by issuing new shares for dividend re-investments in 401-K plans. We’re committed to funding our capital expenditures in a manner that maintains solid credit metrics and this is reflected in our capitalization target of around 50% equity. Turning to Page [18], I will summarize, well 2013 earnings per share declined on a reported basis, they improved on a weather-normalized basis despite several negative impacts on the year-over-year comparison. We’ve completed our exit from the merchant generation business and are focused exclusively on strengthening and growing our rate-regulated utilities. We have a well-defined strategic plan that is aligned with our regulatory frameworks and designed to enhance customer service and reliability. Our investment plan coupled with disciplined cost control is expected to lead the solid earnings per share growth in 2014 and we expect earnings per share to grow at a 7% to 10% compound annual rate from 2013 to 2018, a rate better than we expected average of our regulated peers. Further aiming $1.60 per share annualized dividend rate provides investors with the yield of approximately 4.1%. Finally, we aspire to grow our dividend as earnings grow and expect our dividend payout ratio to be between 55% and 70% of annual earnings. That concludes our prepared remarks. We now invite for questions.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, we will now be conducting our question-and-answer session. (Operator instructions) Our first question is coming from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Hi, good morning.
Martin J. Lyons: Good morning Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: So, first quick question kind of a high level one. Can you perhaps more precisely address the disproportion at EPS growth versus the prior rate base CAGR you’ve been talking about? Can you kind of delineate the drivers of that?
Martin J. Lyons: What are trying to reconcile the rate base growth to what?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: To your EPS CAGR.
Martin J. Lyons: Sure.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: How would you guess the 10% if you will?
Martin J. Lyons: Yeah, sure Julien. I think we provided these building blocks in the past and I’ll go through them again. I mean the rate base growth is the foundation. But then when you look at some of these one-items that I prefer or the regulatory impacts this past year, these are the charges that I outlined. The fuel adjustment cost charge that we had, the ICC redemption cost disallowance. You back out some of those, you build up your 2014 earnings then you can talk about and you look that reduction and compare other cost where we had about if you look at the income statement or look in the staff pages on the other. We had about $0.18 of drag this past year from those other costs which as I said on the call, we expect to get down to about $0.10 in 2014 and then you can realize some further savings into 2015. Then you think about where our rate base growth is going as we transition our rate base to a heavier emphasis on FERC-regulated transmission. You again and get a blended average return that's even higher and those are really the building blocks that get you up into that 7% to 10% range. And then add on top of that whatever you may for expected rising 30-year treasury yields over that period of time. But Julien those are the building blocks we’ve been providing and I think that 7% to 10% growth range that we’ve given is very much in alignment with the building blocks that we provided.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Great. And perhaps if you could elaborate a little bit more about the Illinois gas opportunity, it seems as if you’ve driven of the CAGR a little bit from your last slide deck as best I can tell can. You talk about the timing on timing and growth out of that. And whether that was incorporated within your current CAGR?
Martin J. Lyons: It really is incorporated within that current CAGR to the extent that in this five-year period, we plan to enhance the investment in the gas portion of our business. If you do look at the CapEx that we historically have provided which is 13 to 17 and then CapEx in this period 14 to 18. The overall I would say amount of capital expenditures of those five-year periods are about the same. But as you note there's been a bit added to the gas portion of the business and that really does reflect what we talked about last year that to the extent that we had a favorable legislation passed in Illinois, it would serve as the basis to invest more in that area for safety and reliability and that's been added to the mix.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Great. And then sorry to keep going here, but last quick question on refining the debt here, what's kind of your thought process if you will in terms of size and I suppose how does that fit into your financing plan, what's your target capitalization if you can kind of remind us again as well?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, sure so maybe I’ll talk about that overall. We had in one of our slides target capitalization of around 50%. And on slide 16 of our materials, we laid out our free cash flow for the year. This year we’ve got negative free cash flow of about $800 million that's forecast. In terms of debt maturities, Julien, I think the one you're referring to is the Ameren long-term debt issue of $425 million that comes due in May and provides us with a nice refinancing opportunity. We’ve also got a maturity in Missouri, a little over $100 million, and in January, we actually did move to redeem some debt at Ameren Illinois of about $160 million. So, when you add those things together, that's total funding needs of about $1.5 billion. We plan to tackle that with a couple of debt offerings in Illinois this year which will -- we estimate will total about $600 million of long-term debt financings. We're planning the Missouri financing of about $350 million. And then with respect to the Ameren parent both for the debt maturity as well as some of the funding that Ameren will be providing to ATXI as it begins to build its transmission project, the Illinois Rivers project we plan at Ameren Corp. to have a mix of long-term and short-term borrowings. At this point, we're expecting a long-term offering that's something less than the current amount of the long-term debt that's out of Ameren Corp. So, something less than that $425 million. Julien as you think about the capital expenditures that we show on slide 16 and we think about the where we’re going to issue that long-term debt as I said of $600 million at Ameren Illinois, $350 million at Missouri. When we look at the capital expenditure, it’s pretty clear obviously that we have about $760 million in Ameren Missouri. At Ameren Illinois, we have $530 million for the energy delivery businesses, but it's also important to remember that a good portion of our transmission build is also within Ameren Illinois. So, when you break that $510 million of FERC transmission, what you find is about -- in addition to the $530 million, I guess overall at Ameren Illinois we've got about $800 million of capital expenditures at Ameren Illinois. So, when you think about where we're issuing that debt it’s really at Ameren Illinois and Ameren Missouri for the most part of this coming year. There at the end of 2013, our equity ratios and the cap structures when you get the 10-K and you look at that it was 53% or north or 53%, both of those legal entities. So, what will happen is we issue some of these debt is those equity ratios will trend down somewhat into the approximately 51% kind of range. And then overall, at Ameren, as you saw on our stats page, we’re a little above 50% in terms of our equity content right now. I would expect that as we fund ATX and build that out, we should slip maybe a little below the 50%, but then trend back to our target ratio over time.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Great. Thank you. Very thorough.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Good morning.
Martin J. Lyons: Good morning.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Congratulations on the promotion and the retirement guys?
Martin J. Lyons: Thank you, Paul. 
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I wanted to touch base with you on just the EPS growth rate on slide 15 and make sure I sort of understand this. The treasury yield of 4.5% in 2015 is there any sensitivity you can give us in terms of what the -- what that -- if we don't get interest rate sensitivity in terms of what your growth rate might be all things being equal?
Martin J. Lyons: Paul you're looking at particular slide 15 in 2015, earnings are just kind of overall--
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Whatever you can give us. You know I’m saying I realize there a lot of moving parts.
Martin J. Lyons: Yeah. What we try to provide in terms of the longer-term guidance was just sort of a benchmark or an anchor point if you will. In Warner’s talking points, one of the things he said is that all of the things being equal in our plan if treasury rates were to stay constant, we would expect to deliver an earnings growth rates that was slightly below the midpoint of the range that we provide of 7% to 10%. It’s not necessarily our belief that treasury yields are going to stay at the current levels, but wanted to provide that as a bit of an anchor point. Otherwise within that 7% to 10% growth, Paul as we talked about, we think it accommodates a range of treasury rate outcomes if you will or sales growth levels, spending levels, whether the capital or O&M and regulatory developments. We feel like again, Paul the building blocks are the ones they laid out earlier. It’s the rate base growth, it’s the reduction of parent another cost, it’s the capital allocation to FERC-regulated transmission. Those are the things that are really going to drive the growth that we've got outlined.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And these SB 909 is the implementation of that sort of necessary for this growth rate or--?
Martin J. Lyons: No, I wouldn’t say it's necessary for this growth rate. I think the outcome of that however; I’d said is baked into our overall range of potential outcomes in terms of the 7% to 10%.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then just finally on the transmission build out. I know you guys are no longer a merchant, which is kind of nice, but can you tell us how you think that these transmission projects might impact power flows or congestion or what have you in terms of wholesale prices and perhaps how you’d like to benefit your customers or anything else you could elaborate on that?
Martin J. Lyons: Yeah, I don't know that we'll get into all those specifics, but Maureen Borkowski is the Head of Transmission business was here with us this morning and I’ll give her the opportunity to make, if she has any.
Maureen A. Borkowski: Yes, good morning with regard to the multi-value project that Ameren Transmission company at Illinois is building, those were approved by MISO for multiple reasons, basically to improve reliability, to enhance the accessibility of renewable resources, particularly wind, but also to improve the efficiency of the power market and that equates to congestion relief in the marketplace. So, yes that is the focus of those projects is to improve the efficiency of the markets as well as reliability of the customers.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Could you give us a sense of basis differential changes are nothing like there were any quantification on that sort of latter point?
Maureen A. Borkowski: I’m sorry, but it really don't have any information like that. Again MISO did a pretty extensive analysis to define what their entire portfolio across MISO footprint, what savings those might be, but I don't have anything specific to our system.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Ashar Khan from Visium. Please proceed with your question.
Ashar Khan - Visium Asset Management: Good morning and congrats. I wanted to go, more on this dividend payout you gave a range and if I do my math correctly, next year we’ll be at the lower portion of the payout. So I was just trying to see how is the Board thinking this year or next year? I know you declared the dividend earlier this week or last week, is it something done for this year or is there a quarter we should look at some people have a quarter in which the increase the dividend every year? Or how is the board looking at the dividend? Is it done for this year that we have the same rate and we look for next year? Or can it be reviewed later this year? Or could you just tell us the deliberations the Board might've gone through as you went through this new outlook of yours and the dividend staying constant as you declared it at the end of last week?
Thomas R. Voss: Yes, this is Tom Voss. I think we mentioned previously that the 55% to 70% payout ratio is what we hope for and we're somewhat at the high end of that this year. But the Board is very much engaged every quarter and looking at our earnings and our projections and they review it. And I would say that as we continue to grow earnings over this period, we hope to continue to grow our dividend.
Ashar Khan - Visium Asset Management: Okay. Okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is coming from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Good morning.
Martin J. Lyons: Good morning.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Senate Bill 909 if that were to pass, would that alter your 2% Missouri rate base CAGR?
Warner Baxter: Hey, Paul this is Warner. I think in the bigger picture what we have said, if we have constructive legislation passed that supports investment in Missouri, we would put more money to work. And so if you look at SB 909, which is a little bit than that we saw last year, we step back -- we think we would have the opportunity to put the work incremental investments in Missouri of say $50 million to $100 million per year should that legislation get passed in its current form. So simple answer to your question is yes, we do believe that we could put more money to work and we think it's absolutely a very good thing for the State of Missouri and its customers.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Would you borrow them from another bucket or would that the incremental capital?
Martin J. Lyons: Paul, this is Marty on that one. I think that really too soon to tell on that particular point. I will say that as we think about managing our overall capital expenditures, we're certainly mindful of impacts on customers rates, we're thinking about impacts on overall funding needs and we're also thinking about building a pipeline of investments beyond the five-year period that we've presented. So, too soon to tell, but that is certainly a possibility that if we added investment opportunities there in the short-term in Missouri that other investment opportunities may slide to beyond the period presented. But again, really too early to say that. We'll get through this legislation -- legislative season and see where we’re at and make those decisions in due course.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Is your guidance -- have you baked anything in to that for year-to-date weather?
Martin J. Lyons: No. Our guidance for 2014 is based on normal weather.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: And then lastly, given your tax position, do you expect to be a cash tax payer 2016?
Martin J. Lyons: As I mentioned earlier on the call, we expect that the NOLs and the tax credit carry-forwards that we have to provide us a benefit out through the 2016 timeframe.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Through or to, sorry?
Martin J. Lyons: Into 2016.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Into. Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Hey guys, congratulations on a good year and a lot of strong accomplishments during 2013. I want to ask just a question about 2014 guidance, which if I just use the midpoint of your guidance range implies almost like 11% or 12% year-over-year growth and then therefore its I think about 7% to 10% implies a much lower growth rate after 2014, am I thinking about that the right way? Am I missing something and how should we think about the puts and takes on that?
Martin J. Lyons: Well, you're right the growth between 2013 and 2014 is certainly significant and it’s driven by the items I highlighted. But Michael obviously you can do the math. As you look at our 2014 guidance range and you look out to the overall growth we've given out period 2018. But if you take that midpoint of 2014 and project out, you still got a really solid growth rate of around 6% to 9.5% in terms of where that range ends up. So, you're right there was a solid amount of growth in 2013 to 2014 and it moderate somewhat from there, but still very solid growth rate off 2014.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: And it strikes me that you're a few years from a dividend policy question. You’re a few years away from -- like you would get if I just use midpoint of guidance, you would get to the middle point of your dividend growth rate -- your dividend payout ratio in 2015 at the current dividend level like $1.60 at I don't know $2.50 or so of earnings in 2015 and I know you're not really giving 2015 guidance I'm just slapping the growth rate on 2014. That still gets you into the low 60s payout ratio, but by 2016 or 2017, your expectation as to grow the dividend with earnings growth?
Martin J. Lyons: Michael just to reiterate or repeat what Tom said, which is that as we grow the earnings. We aspire to be able to grow the dividend. We're not giving out I'd say an expected timing or amount of growth in the dividend. But as Tom has previously said on prior calls, we don't necessarily think that we need to get into the bottom end of the range before we would grow the dividend. There are a number of factors that are considered. Tom laid those out a few moments ago. Just in terms of our earnings outlook, but also our capital funding, our cash flows, things of that nature. A number of those things are laid out as you've seen in our 10-Ks and 10-Qs that the Board considers, but -- I guess that's about what about to say on that.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Okay. And then last question just on capital spending because you're investing a good amount of capital in concurrent return businesses like FERC-regulated transmission. Of the transmission investment for 2014, how much of that is ATXI versus Ameren Illinois?
Martin J. Lyons: Let's see if I can do my math here real quick. I think it's about that $510 million -- I think it’s about $270 million is Ameren Illinois and the remainder is ATXI.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc.: Got it. So, not quite 50/50, but pretty close. Cool. Guys, thank you. I appreciate you taking my questions. And once again congrats on a great 2013.
Martin J. Lyons: Thank you, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Andy Bischof of Morningstar Equity Research. Please proceed with your question.
Andy Bischof - Morningstar, Inc.: Hi good morning. I got just a few follow-on questions in terms of Missouri. I guess in terms of reducing lag, are your efforts solely on Bill 909 or are there other initiatives that we should be thinking about there? And then in terms of the potential $50 million to $100 million capital spend, can you provide us a little bit more color on what with these investments are?
Warner Baxter: Andy, this is Warner. With regard to Missouri, we're not putting all of our marbles into legislation. We have been working for years to align our spending and to be consistent with the existing regulatory framework in Missouri and we've been successful and that focus, that relentless focus on disciplined cost management will continue. So, there are a host of initiatives that we’ve taken and we'll continue to take including things like lean initiatives that are being taken place across our enterprise, coupled with again disciplined management of our discretionary capital. And as we discussed a little bit earlier, you put those factors together, we continue to believe that we’ll be able to align our spend with existing regulatory framework. Of course, as we said earlier, we're going to be going in for an electric rate case later this year to true up our rates as well as cost. And so that obviously will help and certainly help mitigate the regulatory lag that we're experiencing associated with the infrastructure investment in our enterprise. That's probably one of the biggest sources of regulatory lag that we have today and indeed SB 909 will -- is squarely about trying to address the regulatory lag associated with those investments. And Marty I think there's a question on capital investment. Andy if you could follow-up make sure -- 
Martin J. Lyons: He was just asking what kinds of projects might be involved in that, Warner.
Warner Baxter: So, when you look at our existing spend this year we have two major projects that we discussed a little bit earlier, the Callaway reactor vessel head as well as the precipitator project. We also have some new substations that we have to bring on. They are at their aging infrastructure and so we have to address some of those. As well is we have renewable energy project. The largest solar facility investor own facility in the State, we're going to get that done by the end of the year as well. So, looking ahead, we see that we have a need to invest incremental monies, discretionary monies into things like substations into things like our power plants, certainly in things trying to automate our system in a better way, and ultimately we'll have to address -- and maybe even meters that we use in Missouri. So, we see a real need in investing in our aging infrastructure and that's what SB 909 is all about to try and do that on a -- in a more timely fashion.
Andy Bischof - Morningstar, Inc.: Great. Thank you. And congrats on the promotions and retirement.
Warner Baxter: Thank you. Thank you, Andy 
Martin J. Lyons: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Dan Jenkins with State of Wisconsin Investment Board. Please proceed with your question.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Hi, good morning.
Martin J. Lyons: Good morning.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: So, I was wondering you mentioned -- I think you're looking for declines in sales volumes for 2014, but it looks like you had slight increases for 2013. So, if you give a little more color on just what you're seeing in customer growth and demand, particularly residential customer growth and then on the industrial side for demand in your service territories?
Martin J. Lyons: Sure, Dan, this is Marty. Thanks for calling and thanks the question. You're right in terms of what we saw this past year. Of course the sales numbers that you see are -- on the stats page are affected by weather, but stripping out weather. We did see some growth this year in both Missouri and Illinois in residential and commercial categories. Overall, on a weather-normalized basis, we estimate that residential and commercial sales grew about 0.6%. Coming into the year that's about where we expect in somewhere between 0% and 0.5% of growth and so sort of towards the upper end of that range at 0.6%. We actually did see customer counts in both Missouri and Illinois go up in terms of residential and commercial customer count. So, that was certainly positive in 2013 versus the prior year. Overall, on industrial, we did see a decline in sales of about 3.2% overall. Missouri, which was positive up about 1% in 2013 in industrial, so that was a good sign while Illinois was down about 6%. And I spoke to that of the earlier calls that we've seen some weakness in Illinois in the manufacturing sector in metals and equipment, those types of things and unfortunately, in Illinois we've been seeing employment -- unemployment recently bump up while national average has been coming down and we've also seen unemployment in Missouri coming down. So, Illinois unfortunately in recent months have seen unemployment-wise and industrial sales wise to be trending in a negative direction. Missouri seems to be trending in a little bit of a positive direction. But looking forward to 2014, what we're expecting is a decline as we mentioned in the call in residential and commercial sales. And while we expect to see still slow improvement in the economy and jobs, housing starts et cetera, we do believe that both federal energy efficiency as well as state energy efficiency measures reduced sales and have -- and impacted reducing sales in 2014 compared to 2013. And as I mentioned on the call and our prepared remarks, it is important to remember that in Missouri, we do have an energy efficiency program whereby we’re -- made hole for the cost of our energy efficiency programs and even provided some incentives with regards to that. In 2013, we estimated that had an impact on our residential sales of about 0.8% and about 0.1% on commercial. And then as I said, we’re -- made hole for the cost of that. So as you think about 2014, you think about those impacts of the residential and commercial sales going down. They are mitigated in Missouri by what we call our MIA funding programs. As well as in Illinois, it's important to remember that under our formulaic rates, there’s a 50 basis points color around the earned ROE. With respect to industrial sales, we’re expecting really be down across the two states about 0.7%. We’re expecting to see declines in both states. In Missouri, it’s somewhat specific to some expected customer load that we do expect to see go away. And then in Illinois, I would say its -- continued concerns about general economic weakness.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. And then on Missouri, given that you're planning to file for a rate increase. I was wondering if you be able to what your ROE in Missouri in 2013 and the year-end rate base?
Martin J. Lyons: I don't really have the year-end rate base. I think you can go ahead and calculate the ROE I think by referencing the number on the stats page. I don't have that in front of me either, the exact net income. But as we look ahead, as we mentioned, we do see the need for a rate filing which we expect to make in July. I think in our prior calls we’ve said in the second half and as I've mentioned before really a primary driver of that filing that we plan to make in July has to deal with a significant capital expenditures that we're making in Missouri. We talked about the electrostatic precipitators at Labadie; we talked about the Callaway reactor head that Warner just mentioned a little while ago, some of the solar installations that we're doing in Missouri as well. I think if you want to look at rate base, I think the closest is to maybe go back to page eight of our slides and we do have a year-end rate base pie where we break some of the information out. And I think you can find an estimate of the Missouri rate base at the end of 2013 there.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. And then I just wanted to add my congratulations to Tom and Warner on their upcoming changes.
Warner Baxter: Thank you.
Thomas R. Voss: Thank you, Dan. I appreciate that.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Rajeev Lalwani with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley: I had just two questions on Missouri. The first can you talk about the impact the Noranda complaints may or may not have an upcoming rate case? And the second, when you see the headwinds associated with getting SB 909 past?
Warner Baxter: Hi. This is Warner. I think with regard to the Noranda complaint case, we don't it having any impact on our ability to file and execute the rate case that we plan on doing in July. We were clear last November that we needed to file rate case in the second half and now we’ve sharpen our pencil and it’s going to be July and we plan to execute that in a timely fashion. And I'm sorry you had a second question that was?
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley: The major headwinds you see with SB 909?
Warner Baxter: The reality is this as you know the legislative process; it's a dynamic process, so ultimately is always difficult to predict the prospects of the passage of any bill. I'll tell you what I do know. I do know that Missouri must make progress and really modernizing its framework to support investment. And if the message that is understood by many key leaders in the legislature and frankly, many stakeholders around the state and so as we continue to have more discussions with the general assembly in other key stakeholders around the state about SB 909. Our message is this is an important step forward. As I said before, there’s an incremental step, it’s an important step forward and it can start making progress on the aging infrastructure in Missouri. So, I'm not going to be able to hand cap. I’m -- we do believe that there will likely be some groups that will oppose the bill, but that's probably true with every bill. But one thing I can tell you our team is going to be very focused on this legislation over the next several months.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley: Great. Thank you. And good luck.
Warner Baxter: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is coming from the line of Bill Appicelli with Nexus Asset Management. Please proceed with your question.
Bill Appicelli - Nexus Asset Management: Hi, good morning.
Martin J. Lyons: Hey, Bill.
Bill Appicelli - Nexus Asset Management: I just had a question on the financing. You had asked or you had mentioned that you didn't expect to issue equity through 2018, but that you would evaluate use of a DRIP. And I know in the past you had talked about the potential for $75 million to $100 million maybe using that. I mean looking at your base plan, do you -- should we assume that there's DRIP been utilized in terms of that growth path that gets you to slightly below the midpoint that you talked about?
Martin J. Lyons: Bill I'd say that's one of the things that probably I’ll leave up to you to kind of factor in. You should look at your model. I mean -- what we plan to do here today was just -- again give this guidance range of 7% to 10%. There's a range of potential things that could affect our results that we outlined there that could put us into the upper or lower end of that range. In terms of the treasury rates, sales growth, spending levels, regulatory developments and we're simply same. We leave the option open as we encounter these various changes to issue shares as needed through the DRIP or 401-K. We don't really see the need over that five-year plan for a public equity issuance as we said in the slides. And we'll evaluate the need for the DRIP or 401-K on a year-to-year basis. You're right about the number that we previously said which is if we did I'll say turn that on, it would be about estimated $75 million to $100 million.
Bill Appicelli - Nexus Asset Management: Okay. And then just changing gears, do you guys have any update on the status or timeline resolution of the challenge at FERC around the MISO ROEs?
Martin J. Lyons: I'll let Maureen go ahead and answer that as well.
Maureen A. Borkowski: Yes. In January, the Midwest ISO transmission orders filed their response to the complaint requesting that FERC dismiss it because the complaint, it’s really had met the burden of that the rate is just unreasonable. They provided additional information as well about errors in the calculation in the complaint. At this point in time, others have also filed their responses, but FERC has not taken any action or set any kind of schedule. So, at this point time, we're really in a wait-and-see mode. We do have confidence though that the FERC Commission is still very pro-transmission development and they understand that the return on equity components are very important element of continuing to encourage transmission investments. So, we're hopeful that the outcome will be positive.
Bill Appicelli - Nexus Asset Management: Okay, great. Thank you.
Martin J. Lyons: Thanks, Bill.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question is coming from the line of Gregg Orrill with Barclays. Please proceed with your question.
Gregg Gillander Orrill - Barclays Capital Inc.: Thank you. And congratulations Tom and Warner.
Thomas R. Voss: Thanks, Greg. Really appreciate that. Thank you.
Gregg Gillander Orrill - Barclays Capital Inc.: So, I think maybe you touched on this already, but I just wanted to come back to it in terms the growth post-2014. With 2014 being an accelerated rate, is it sort of 6% to 9.5% post that? Should we think about it that way? Then I have one detailed question.
Martin J. Lyons: Yeah Greg and I'll let you do a follow-up. Yes and that would be answer that I gave -- this is Marty, by the way. As you know as simply coming off of the midpoint of our 2014 guidance and just looking at -- I mean you can -- as I said earlier, you can do the math if you’re taking the 2013 base in the kid the 7% to 10% growth out 2018, calculate a number and then bring it back to the implied growth off the 2014 midpoint. And you come up with a 6% to 9.5% kind of growth rate off of 2014 over that period.
Gregg Gillander Orrill - Barclays Capital Inc.: And then if you come back to slide 15, the negative driver there just higher cost in Missouri and otherwise is there any -- anything more that you could provide detail on there? Or, is it really just a thought about the impact of regulatory lag in Missouri?
Martin J. Lyons: Yeah. I think that Greg obviously we're trying to do on slide 15 is just provide some of what we considered to be the meaningful drivers of earnings considerations for 2013. As I said before, as we think about the Missouri electric rate case, we would plan to file that in July of this year, July of 2014. So you would expect the normal 11 month resolution with a rate increase in June. And so -- again we're time in the rate case certainly to pick up these large capital investments that we're making this year, but in the early part of 2015, given the Missouri regulatory framework, you would expect to have some regulatory lag of the results of those investments when you think about depreciation, property taxes, potential for some incremental O&M cost in 2015. And then the rate increase would kick in that June timeframe of 2013. And then you would lay out just a number of other drivers which we've got. As the formula rates in Illinois, the investments we're making there in both the gas and electric portions of our business and of course, the investments we're making in the transmission. And then as the reduction -- somewhat incremental reduction would expect to get in the parent and other costs going into 2013.
Gregg Gillander Orrill - Barclays Capital Inc.: Okay. Thanks.
Martin J. Lyons: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. We've reached the end of our question-and-answer session. I would now like to turn the floor back over to Mr. Fischer for any additional concluding comments.
Douglas Fischer: Before we complete our call today, Warner and Tom have some closing remarks. Warner?
Warner Baxter: Thanks. I know it’s been a long call and I thank you for your interest in the company, but we do have a couple of closing comments. As I said at the outset, I'm very, very humbled and honored to follow in Tom’s footsteps. I think as you all know his strong leadership over these past five years has delivered tremendous value to our shareholders and I can tell you his leadership has also delivered tremendous value to our customers and all the communities that we serve. I think it's important to know that Tom's strong leadership has also positioned Ameren and our team to continue to deliver superior value to our shareholders and customers and frankly, the communities we serve in the future. He has demonstrated commitment to safety, diversity, and service to our shareholders, our customers and our communities as well as a generation of Ameren coworkers for 45 years it's simply unequaled. So, Tom on behalf of our entire Ameren team, I want to thank you for your tremendous leadership and I just want to personally thank you for being such a fine mentor and a friend to me. So thank you, Tom.
Thomas R. Voss: Thanks, Warner. This is my final quarterly earnings call for Ameren and I’d like to share a few thoughts. It's been an honor to lead this great company for these past five years. I’m pleased that during this time, our team developed a clear vision and strategy for the future and made significant progress on executing that strategy. My many years at the company have been very rewarding. I've always said that the secret a great career is to be able to say that you love what you do, while you do it, and who you do it with. I can tell you that I have really enjoyed working with our Board of Directors, our leadership team and coworkers for the benefit of Ameren shareholders and customers. I've also enjoyed interacting with so many of you in the investment community. Warner has been with Ameren for nearly 20 years and has served in a wide variety of leadership roles in Finance and Operations. I have absolute confidence in his ability to lead Ameren and that he will continue to execute on as well is enhance Ameren’s growth strategy.
Douglas Fischer: This is Doug. Thank you for participating in this call. Let me remind you again that a replay of the call will be available for one year on our website. If you have questions, you may call the contacts listed on today's release. Financial analyst should be -- financial analyst inquiries should be directed to me, Doug Fisher, or my associate Matt Thayer. Media should call Joe Mellencamp. Our contact numbers are on the news release. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren, and have a great day.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time.

===== 2013 Q3  (2013-11-07 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas Fischer Thomas R. Voss - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Martin J. Lyons - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Paul Zimbardo - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Ashar Khan Bill Appicelli
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Ameren Corporation's Third Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Doug Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you. Mr. Fischer, you may begin.
Douglas Fischer: Thank you, and good morning. I'm Doug Fisher, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today are Tom Voss, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Marty Lyons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and other members of the Ameren management team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and the webcast will be available for one year on our website at ameren.com. Further, this call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast. Redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on our website that will be referenced by our speakers. To access this presentation, please look in the Investors section of our website under Webcasts and Presentations and follow the appropriate link. Turning to Page 2 of the presentation. I need to inform you that comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the Forward-Looking Statements section in the news release we issued today and the Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors sections in our filings with the SEC. Tom will begin this call with an overview of third quarter 2013 results and our updated 2013 earnings guidance, followed by a discussion of recent business developments. Marty will follow with a more detailed discussion of third quarter 2013 financial results, other financial matters and pending rate cases. We will then open the call for questions. Before Tom begins, I would like to mention that all per share amounts discussed during today's presentation are presented on a diluted share basis. Now here's Tom, who will start on Page 3 of the presentation.
Thomas R. Voss: Thanks, Doug. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Today, we announced earnings from continuing operations for the third quarter of 2013 of $1.25 per share. This compares with $1.28 per share for the third quarter of 2012. The reduction in earnings from continuing operations was primarily the result of lower electric sales volumes, reflecting temperatures that were much cooler than those of the prior year period. The impact of milder weather was partially offset by a rate increase from Missouri Electric Service effective in January of this year, higher Illinois electric delivery earnings recognized under formula ratemaking and disciplined cost management. While Marty will provide details on our earnings in a few minutes, the bottom line is that we had a solid quarter from an operations and earnings perspective. Moving now to Page 4. Today, we also updated our earnings guidance. We now expect 2013 earnings from continuing operations to be in a range of $2 to $2.10 per share compared to the prior range of $2 to $2.15 per share. This update incorporates the negative impact of cooler-than-normal weather in the third quarter. Guidance continues to include approximately $0.20 per share of parent and other costs, including certain costs that were previously allocated to the merchant generation business. However, we expect to reduce these costs to $0.10 to $0.15 per share in 2014 and to reduce some further in 2015 as we refinance parent company debt and rationalize operating costs. Turning now to Page 5. I would like to briefly review our strategy for achieving financial success and appraise you of progress in a few key areas. This page outlines some of our key strategic objectives. Our first objective is to reduce our business risk by completing the divestiture of our merchant generation business. The resulting shift to a fully rate-regulated business is expected to substantially improve the predictability of future earnings and cash flows. In a few moments, I will update you on our divestiture efforts. A key second strategic objective is to invest in and operate our businesses in a manner consistent with existing regulatory frameworks. We do this because healthy financial performance is critical to our shareholders, just as it is to our ability to undertake the significant operating and capital spending needed to meet customers' energy needs and expectations. To meet this objective, we have been requesting and obtaining rate increases as needed, as well as aligning operating and capital spending consistent with regulatory outcomes and existing frameworks. As a result of these and other operational and cost containment initiatives, our electric rates have remained low, delivery service system reliability has been enhanced, energy center availability has remained strong and earning returns at our utilities have improved. To be positioned to invest so that we could meet our future energy needs and expectations, we have also been aggressively working to enhance regulatory frameworks, which is our third strategic objective listed here. Modern, constructive regulatory frameworks, such as those we have in place for our FERC-regulated transmissions and Illinois-regulated energy delivery businesses support investment in utility infrastructure, benefiting our utilities and the communities we serve. The final strategic objective I will mention is that of developing additional rate-regulated opportunities for investment and growing rate base. Over the last few years, we have identified in advance several new attractive opportunities, including our Modernization Action Plan, which is accelerating improvements to Ameren Illinois' electric and natural gas delivery systems and new FERC-regulated transmission projects designed to improve reliability and efficiency. We expect successful execution of our strategies to result in meeting our customers' future energy needs and expectations, earning fair returns on our investments and earnings and dividend growth, driven by projected rate base growth of approximately 7% annually through 2017. Moving to Page 6. I would like to update you on our progress toward achieving the first strategic objective I mentioned, exiting our merchant generation business. After many months of tremendous work by people across our organization and close coordination with Dynegy, this exit is nearing completion. We expect to close the divestiture of our Ameren Energy Resources merchant generation business to Dynegy affiliate, Illinois Power Holdings, by the end of this year. This transaction received approval from the FERC in October. The divestiture agreement requires that Illinois Power Holdings receive a variance to the Illinois multi-pollutant standard from the State Pollution Control Board with the same material conditions as the variance issued to our merchant generation business just last year. Certain Ameren subsidiaries in Illinois Power Holdings filed a variance request in July of this year. The Pollution Control Board is expected to issue its decision by the 21st of this month, and we continue to expect a positive outcome. In addition, our efforts to sell the 3 merchant gas-fired energy centers we retained with the exercise of the Genco put option are nearing a successful conclusion. In October, we announced an agreement to sell the 3 energy centers to an affiliate of Rockland Capital. The expected sale proceeds are more than sufficient to ensure that the sale does not negatively impact Ameren's earnings or cash flows. Genco has received $137.5 million for the assets and is expected to receive up to an additional $15 million of after-tax net proceeds from the sale 2 years following the close of this transaction. The sale of the 3 plants is expected to close by year end, subject to FERC approval. Turning now to Page 7 of our presentation and shifting to transmission. I would like to update you on the approximately $1.1 billion Illinois Rivers project. This MISO-approved multi-value project is nearly 400 miles long and it consists of a high-voltage transmission line running west to east across the State of Illinois. In August, the Illinois Commerce Commission or ICC approved the need for the Illinois Rivers project and granted key portions of the project a certificate of public convenience and necessity. The ICC indicated that it did not approve certain line segments and substations due to a lack of time and evidence to determine the most cost-effective segment routes and substation locations. We and certain other parties filed with the ICC requesting a rehearing. In October, the ICC granted a rehearing to determine the routing of 4 of the 9 mine segments, including 2 granted a certificate in the initial order, and the location of 6 of the 9 substations. We do not expect this rehearing process to delay the project or significantly change our investment plans. The ICC is expected to issue an order on rehearing by March of next year, and we expect a certificate to be granted for the remainder of the project. Meanwhile, we've begun to acquire rights of way for those portions of the project that are not subject to rehearing. The Illinois Rivers project and in fact, all of our Illinois transmission business operates under FERC, constructive, forward-looking or formula ratemaking framework. This ratemaking provides an opportunity for us to earn fair returns on our investments and recover our costs on a timely basis. I will now turn the call over to Marty.
Martin J. Lyons: Thanks, Tom. Turning to Page 8 of our presentation. Today, we reported third quarter 2013 net income, combining results from both continuing and discontinued operations of $1.24 per share compared to third quarter 2012 net income of $1.54 per share. As Tom previously mentioned, our third quarter 2013 earnings from continuing operations were $1.25 per share, compared to $1.28 per share for the prior year period. On Page 9, we outlined key drivers of the variance between earnings for the third quarter of this year compared to the third quarter of last year. The earnings comparison was negatively impacted by lower electric sales volumes due to temperatures that were much cooler than those of the prior year period. These cooler summer temperatures reduced 2013 third quarter earnings by an estimated $0.15 per share compared to the third quarter of 2012 and by an estimated $0.03 per share compared to normal temperatures. Last year, third quarter temperatures were very warm, with cooling degree days 21% higher than normal. This year, third quarter temperatures were milder, with cooling degree days 5% lower than normal. The quarter-over-quarter temperature-related earnings variance was offset by several positive factors, including increased rates from Missouri Electric Service effective in January of 2013. That rate adjustment favorably impacted third quarter 2013 earnings by $0.08 per share compared to the prior year period. Results were also favorably impacted by higher Illinois electric delivery earnings, benefiting earnings by $0.08 per share compared to the prior year period. These higher earnings reflect the timing differences among each year's quarters, increased rate base and higher allowed return on equity recognized under formula ratemaking, reflecting higher 30-year treasury bond yields. Several other factors resulted in a negative $0.04 per share net impact on the earnings comparison. Moving to Page 10. I would like to provide information to assist you in thinking about earnings for the balance of the year. As a starting point, fourth quarter 2012 earnings from continuing operations were $0.04 per share. On this page, we have listed select items that are expected to impact fourth quarter 2013 earnings compared to the prior year period. The first item I would like to mention is weather. Weather had little net impact on earnings in the fourth quarter of 2012 versus normal conditions. And of course, our earnings guidance assumes normal conditions for the fourth quarter of this year. Second, we estimate that Illinois electric delivery earnings recognized under formula ratemaking will increase fourth quarter 2013 earnings by approximately $0.03 per share compared to the prior year period. This increase is expected to result from timing differences among each year's quarters, increased rate base and a higher allowed return on equity, reflecting higher 30-year treasury yields. This is a good place to note that our full year 2013 earnings guidance now incorporates an average 30-year treasury bond yield of 3.44% and therefore, a formula allowed return on equity of 9.24%. Third, the earnings comparison is expected to benefit by approximately $0.06 per share from increased Missouri electric and Illinois transmission service rates, both effective in January of this year. Finally, we expect results to reflect continued disciplined cost management. Turning then to Page 11. We move from earnings to a discussion of our updated 2013 free cash flow guidance. We calculate free cash flow by starting with our net cash provided by operating activities and subtracting from it our capital expenditures, other cash flows from investing activities and dividends. For 2013, we continued to anticipate negative free cash flow of approximately $450 million. The guidance continues to include merchant divestiture-related cash outflows of approximately $100 million, including the $25 million of cash that is currently on Genco's balance sheet. These divestiture-related cash outflows are more than offset by expected transaction-related cash tax benefits with a present value of approximately $180 million, which we expect to substantially realize in 2015. Moving now to Page 12. I would like to update you on Ameren Illinois' 2 pending Illinois energy delivery rate cases. In our gas delivery rate case, we have requested a $47 million annual increase based on a 2014 future test year. The ICC staff has recommended a rate increase of $27 million or $20 million less than our request, with a primary difference related to the return on equity level that should be incorporated into rates. The Illinois industrial energy customers has also filed a return on equity testimony in the case, supporting the level that falls between the ICC staff's position and our request. In addition, the Illinois Attorney General and Citizens Utility Board recommended that the ICC use a higher forecast of revenues from gas transportation, a lower forecast of employee headcount and various other adjustments. However, they did not file return on equity testimony. In total, the Attorney General, Citizens Utility Board adjustments would reduce the rate increase amount by approximately $11 million compared to our request. The ALJ's recommendation is expected as soon as today or tomorrow. A final ICC decision is due no later than December 19 of this year, with new rates expected to be effective late this year. Turning to Page 13. In addition to the pending gas rate case, in April of this year, we made a required annual electric delivery rate update filing. Our filing supports a net actual rate decrease, reflecting the decrease for the 2012 revenue reconciliation under formula ratemaking, partially offset by an increase to reflect 2012 recoverable cost and expected 2013 net plant additions as prescribed by the rate formula. The ICC staff is recommending a larger net rate decrease. The ICC ALJs are expected to issue their recommended order soon and the final ICC decision is due no later than December 15 of this year. New rates are scheduled to take effect in January of next year. I would note that the midpoint of our 2013 earnings guidance reflects an outcome to this electric delivery case, with cost of service adjustments that are similar to those made by the ICC in our 2012 rate orders. Moving to Page 14 of our presentation. We plan to provide 2014 earnings guidance and comment on our multi-year earnings outlook when we release fourth quarter 2013 earnings in February. But here, we list some key items to consider as you think about next year. Ameren Missouri will remain focused on enhancing its regulatory framework. At this time, we continue to have discussions with numerous stakeholders in an effort to develop a specific legislative proposal. Our focus is on enhancements that will reduce regulatory lag, allowing us to increase discretionary investments in our aging Missouri infrastructure, advancing our ability to meet the energy needs and expectations of our customers and create jobs. While the exact timing has not yet been determined and assuming no change in the regulatory framework, we expect to file electric service rate case in Missouri in the second half of 2014, with new rates expected to be effective in 2015. Key drivers of this filing include the need to reflect in rates the approximately $320 million to $370 million investment we are making in a new reactor head for the Callaway Energy Center and enhanced pollution control equipment, electrostatic precipitator upgrades at the Labadie Energy Center. The reactor head replacement, a project which has been successfully completed at many U.S. nuclear generating plants, is scheduled for the fourth quarter of 2014 when the plant will be shut down for a scheduled refueling and maintenance outage. The Labadie precipitator upgrades are also expected to be in service by the fourth quarter of next year. Before I leave the discussion to Missouri, I want to mention that 2014 earnings comparisons will benefit from the absence of a 2013 charge of $0.07 per share related to the fuel adjustment clause and presumed a normal weather conditions versus mild year-to-date weather in 2013, which is estimated to have negatively impacted earnings by about $0.02 per share. For Ameren Illinois electric delivery service, 2014 will be another year of performance-based formula ratemaking, with the allowed return on equity tied to 30-year treasury yields. For gas delivery service, 2014 will be a year with new rates in effect, rates that will be established based on a 2014 future test year. Further, our gas delivery service plans to participate in Illinois' infrastructure surcharge framework beginning next year. This legislatively enabled framework allows rates to be adjusted monthly between rate cases to reflect investments in qualified gas delivery infrastructure. As a result of these constructive regulatory frameworks, we plan to continue our investment in the electric and gas delivery service enhancements under our Illinois Modernization Action Plan. At our FERC-regulated transmission business, next year is expected to be one of continued investment, a reliability project in Ameren Illinois and advancement of the previously discussed Illinois Rivers project. Finally, as Tom discussed, we expect parent and other expenses to decline in 2014 compared to 2013, and we plan to continue disciplined cost management across the company. Turning to the final page of our presentation, Number 15, I will summarize. Third quarter earnings from continuing operations were solid. We are on target to become a fully rate-regulated utility with our exit from the merchant generation business expected to be completed by year end. Our regulatory frameworks have improved, and we are working to further enhance them, especially in Missouri. We have a well-defined investment plan that is aligned with our regulatory frameworks. And importantly, these investments are needed to meet our customers' energy needs and expectations. This investment plan is expected to lead to rate base growth of approximately 7% annually over the 2013 to 2017 period, a growth rate above the average for regulated peers. And we look for this rate base growth to result in earnings and dividend growth. In addition, as mentioned, we expect the earnings drag of parent company and other costs to decline from the expected 2013 level, providing an additional benefit to earnings in 2014 and 2015 beyond that of rate base growth. Finally, Ameren's $1.60 per share annualized dividend rate provides investors with the yield of approximately 4.4%. That concludes my prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question today is coming from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Just weather-normalized sales growth. I was wondering if you could tell us where you are year-to-date. I remember you guys are being sort of flattish with your expectations. Just sort of if there's any update in not just the actuals but just the outlook for -- going forward longer term.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. Sure, Paul. As it relates to the sales growth, I think as we came into this year, we talked about, I think, 0 to maybe even 0.5%, however, of growth as it related to residential and commercial sales. And as we sit here today, I'd say we're seeing sort of different conditions in Missouri and Illinois. We're actually seeing that nearly 0.5% sales growth in residential and commercial sales in Missouri despite, I would say, some spending that -- we've increased spending we've had this year in terms of energy efficiency. And we've also seen industrial sales growth in Missouri this year of about 0.7%. So overall, we're pleased, I'd say, with that level of growth. As I said, we are spending quite a bit on energy efficiency, which, I think longer term, will keep that sales growth more muted and down in that 0 to 0.5% range. Some positives, I'd say, we're seeing in Missouri. We have seen, this year, growth in jobs in both services jobs, as well as goods-producing kind of jobs, manufacturing jobs. And I think that's some of what's coming through in terms of improved sales. So we do expect continued moderate growth, but offset by continuing conservation and energy efficiency mitigating some of that sales growth. But year-to-date, happy with that. In Illinois, it's not been -- not quite as positive. We've seen that residential and commercial sales, actually flat to down, about 0.5%, with commercial, in fact, being down a little more than residential. In industrial sales, as we've talked about on prior calls, down about 6.6% this year. And that does reflect, I'd say, some of the conditions we've been seeing in Illinois. We have seen -- in terms of jobs, we have seen goods-producing jobs down, though I would say services jobs have been up in Illinois. But the conditions just don't seem to be as good with some of the industrial sales down. We've seen declines at places like Caterpillar and heavy equipment and some of the metals areas, steel, U.S. Steel, things like that. One important thing to remember though, Paul, about Illinois is that we do have the formula rates there, and there is a -- we got a formulaic ROE, but there's also a collar around that, plus or minus 50 basis points, which means that, at the end of the day, sales fluctuations, positive or negative, are bound by that, so at most, I'd say a $0.025 positive or negative from any kind of sales fluctuations, whether they be weather related or load related.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, great. And then just as a follow-up to that. The ambitious rate growth, just how do we think about customer builds? You mentioned energy efficiency, that's going to offset obviously some of the impact. Some of the things you're doing are probably going to increase operational efficiencies. So you can't just look at that as a flat impact. But just in general, how should we think about how customers' bills will be impacted by this rate base growth, given the low sales growth, but of course, factoring in these operational and energy efficiency things that are going to be counteracting rate base growth, rate impacts, if you follow me?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, sure. I'll talk a little bit where -- about our -- where our rate base growth is. As you know, a lot of our rate base growth is really in transmission and we're also investing in the Modernization Action Plan in Illinois, as I discussed. And with respect to transmission, of course, the centerpiece of our investment is really in MISO multi-value projects where the benefit of those projects is region-wide, and therefore, the costs associated with those are spread region-wide and don't necessarily then impact our Illinois customer rates, but more rates and cost regionally, so those get spread. As it relates to the Modernization Action Plan, some of the investments we're making at Illinois, the Illinois -- bills of customers are being impacted at the same time as they are by the rollout of these investments, but also by following power prices that have taken place in MISO and have also been impacting customers' bills. So one of the things we're focused on as it relates to those Illinois bills is really working to keep rates, annual rate increases below, say, a 2.5% level and that's the focus there. And then in Missouri, you're right, energy efficiency is -- we're rolling out meaningful energy efficiency programs. I think it's a well-constructed program for Ameren Missouri and for the state, where certainly we're kept whole, if you will, for the energy efficiency efforts, but customers have the opportunity to benefit from those. And then we're also continuing, as we talked about on the call -- focused on disciplined cost control. And we're focused on lean efforts, really, across our Missouri operations and across the company to try to keep any rate increases minimized.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just thinking about the Missouri rate case you plan to file, does this imply you're expecting to underearn by a good bit in the Missouri in 2014? Is there a kind of -- how should we quantify the amount of lag that's happening in Missouri right now?
Martin J. Lyons: Well, as you know, Michael -- thanks again for joining us, by the way, and then -- and your comments at the outset. As it relates to the Missouri rate case, it's -- the filing of that rate case next year isn't solely a commentary on earned returns, but certainly, it's being driven by the things we talked about, making meaningful investments in the reactor head replacement, as well as in environmental controls for the Labadie plant. And clearly, under Missouri's current framework, which does use historical cost, what we need to do is we think about meaningful investments that will grow the rate base and being able to earn a fair return on those investments. We'll need to make a rate case filing at a timely way to make sure we recover those costs and again, position ourselves to earn fair returns. Those are really the drivers.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: And then the bulk of the $320 million to $370 million for Callaway and Labadie, is that cost you'll incur in '14? So when you think about Union Electric kind of CapEx of directionally $500 million to $600 million, that this makes up a large portion of it?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, it is a large portion there. Some of those costs -- you don't start those project necessarily in '14, so we've been certainly spending some, say, towards that reactor head already. But yes, I mean, they'll hit largely in '14 and again, be in service by the end of '14.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And last question, in the quarter or maybe more importantly, year-to-date for 2013, what was the earnings contribution for the FERC-regulated transmission?
Martin J. Lyons: Michael, I'll see if Doug can dig that out. I don't have that here in front of me and don't know it off the top of my head.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Yes. Or kind of think about what's just embedded in 2013 guidance for it.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, I think Doug's going to take a look through it.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question is coming from Paul Zimbardo from UBS.
Paul Zimbardo - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: This is Paul from Julien's team here. I wanted to ask about your thoughts on the impacts of the closing of the Paducah processing plant. How do you see this impacting the outlook for Joppa, as well as our prices and demand in the region and also the -- if you could mention the impacts to your financials.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. Paul, this is Marty. As it relates to the Paducah facility and impact on Joppa, obviously, the Joppa facility is one that -- is part of the portfolio that we're looking to sell to Dynegy. In terms of the impacts of the Paducah facility closing on our earnings, I don't really have anything to report there. Overall, that -- the merchant business, this quarter versus last, performed well. Availability was solid. Capacity factors were solid at the plants. I think, as we all know, power prices were down a little bit, down some this year versus last. But we came into the year pretty well hedged. So overall, the unit continues to perform well. I can't really comment on how that facility closing would impact future years and certainly expect that, that plant to be part of the Dynegy IPH portfolio going forward.
Paul Zimbardo - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Okay, great. And then a quick follow-up. I believe you said you were assuming a 3.44% average for the treasury yields. Could you quantify what the impact was for the third quarter and roughly the amount that was implied in that fourth quarter guidance?
Martin J. Lyons: Well, the amount that's implied in the fourth quarter guidance, Paul, really is within that 9.24%. So when we talk about the 9.24%, it's really what we're expecting to be the average over the course of -- over 2013. And as then we look at the blue chip consensus for next year, we see that going up to maybe 3.95% for the 30-year treasuries, which would put you at about 9.75%. In terms of the impact on the ROE, you can kind of do the math. What we've talked about is about 50 basis points is roughly $0.025, so depending upon what's your expectation, as you can kind of take a look at what the impact is.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Rajeev Lalwani from Morgan Stanley.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: You -- in your prepared remarks, you had talked about just growing the dividend. I was hoping you can walk us through the policy and your expectations going forward there, and then a follow-up.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, sure. So there -- as we've discussed in the past, what the board looks at is a number of factors. But first of all, getting this deal closed with the sale of the merchant business, which, as we've talked about, we expect the benefit of that to be more stability and certainty in terms of earnings and cash flows going forward. So that's an important step. And then, looking at growth in the earnings and cash flows of the regulated businesses going forward, we've talked about a payout range target to be in the range of 55% to 70% of our regulated earnings. And today, we're at the upper end of that range with our $1.60 earnings. But as we do grow the earnings from the regulated business, and we believe we have a good plan to do so, and as we grow those earnings and cash flows, aspire to be able to then grow the dividend, and as that payout comes down into that range of 55% to 70% that I discussed.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Are you expecting not to raise the dividend until you get to around the midpoint?
Martin J. Lyons: No, that was not my statement at all.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then the follow-up question. I think you noted that earnings for this year at the Illinois utilities don't reflect the SB 9 impact. Is that accurate?
Martin J. Lyons: Well, what the earnings reflect -- I guess, I'm trying -- not following in terms of what you mean by it doesn't reflect.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Well, I guess there are some benefits around the changes with the legislation earlier this year, and trying to figure out if that's incorporated in your earnings for this year of if that's more of a next year event, just given timing.
Martin J. Lyons: No, I think that the -- to the extent that the legislature clarified its views on the way the Illinois formula [indiscernible] we've actually formulated that into our 2013 earnings expectations. So it's our expectation that the Illinois Commerce Commission, as they rule on 2013 reconciliation, will, I guess, rule in line with the legislature's intent and financing this last piece of legislation. So that is reflected in our 2013 earnings. We haven't done anything in terms of going back in time and picking up any kind of benefit for prior years that may come through appeals of the commission's rulings for prior years. But we did impact -- we did update 2013 earnings for -- to reflect the provisions of that legislation.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And then in terms of just regulatory lag in Illinois, can you just talk about where you expect that to be going forward or if there shouldn't be any lag with the changes made?
Martin J. Lyons: No, really shouldn't be any lag. When you think about the formulaic rates going forward, there really shouldn't be any lag. The legislation, we believe, is pretty prescriptive in terms of the costs that are picked up. Earlier this year, we did lay out certain costs that were outside of the formulaic ratemaking that would continue to be a drag, but for continuing efforts to reduce those costs, and we laid some of those costs out and we also identified those ones which we expected to go away over time. And then as it relates to the gas portion of the Illinois business, we have filed a rate case as we discussed on the call with the 2014 forward test year. And that forward test year is intended to minimize lag and some underearnings that we're experiencing this year in the gas business. But with the updated rates reflecting the 2014 cost and investments, that will minimize the lag next year. And then we also have the ability, now with the legislation in the gas portion of the business, to update rates monthly for incremental investments in our infrastructure that are beyond those reflected in the forward test year. So that also will help going forward as we deploy capital in the gas portion of the business to make sure we have an opportunity to earn a fair return there. Then the other portion of the Illinois business is -- continues to be transmission, where we still have transmission, that's FERC-regulated transmission in the Ameren Illinois business and of course, we have formula rates there. And again, don't experience lag as it relates to the transmission business. So all in all, I would say, in Illinois, very little in terms of ongoing regulatory lag.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Ashar Khan from Visium.
Ashar Khan: If I can just go over these factors that you pointed out, Marty. So if I take the midpoint of the guidance for this year, which is I guess now $2.05, you kind of mentioned there is like $0.07 that doesn't come in because of the [indiscernible] more normal, so a more normalized number would be like $2.15, if I add those $0.10 back. And then you were saying that the parent and other should go from a negative $0.20 to somewhere between $0.10 and $0.15. So say, now you pick up on the $0.07 midpoint of that, so you're starting like at $2.22 normalized. And on top of that, we should add rate base growth for the distribution and transmission business. Am I doing my math right?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, all of your math is correct. So those are pieces of information provided. So then the midpoint is, as you pointed out, is $2.05, and our range is $2 to $2.10. I'd say, as we sit here today, we feel good about being maybe even a couple of cents into the top half of that range. So your $2.05 is a good starting point and you're right, we've had $0.07 of negative impact this year, one time from the FAC. And weather, one number -- you mentioned $0.03 weather. I think, year-to-date, it's probably $0.02 of negative weather, so it's -- you're probably talking about $0.09 there to add back, which you did appropriately. And you're absolutely right, we expect to reduce those parent company, other costs, which we estimate to be about $0.20 for this year, down to that range of $0.10 to $0.15 next year. So the things you're adding back are correct.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates.
Martin J. Lyons: Operator, I think Paul was already on and off.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: No, I'm here. I'm sorry. Just -- there was this an independent market monitor report from MISO that companies have been talking about in terms of potential impact on reliability and the reserve margin decrease. And rather -- I guess, under certain circumstances, rather sort of dramatic decrease, perhaps in reserve margin that has been discussed. And I was just thinking how you guys see that. I'm sure you guys have reviewed it. Obviously, for Illinois, the impact is a little bit different since you don't have generation. But just sort of how you see that in terms of Missouri and just any thoughts you have on that, and how that may or may not be in your rate base growth forecast right now, if you follow me, in terms of potential resolution of that or if you -- I don't know. Any comments you have on that I would be interested in.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, Paul, I think as it relates to the issue you're referring to, we've had a long-standing position. We do believe that within MISO, we do need to get beyond this sort of annual capacity construct that really more of -- multi-year, longer-term price signals are appropriate to incentivize investment and make sure that we do have good reserve margins within MISO. It really comes down to being important, we believe, from a reliability standpoint. So our positions on those factors haven't changed over time. In terms of our Missouri operations, we obviously operate a good strong portfolio of assets that are performing well. And as we think -- longer term, as you've seen in our 5-year investment plans right now, I don't have anything in there in terms of meaningful change in our generation mix. But as we think longer term, we certainly do have an aging fleet of generating units, and we'll monitor all conditions, capacity price conditions, and as well as the IRP process in Missouri, which as we have discussed before, I think it's late next year. We will file another IRP with the Missouri Public Service Commission and at that time, I think we'll lay out our thinking about the options we have around our portfolio long term.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. But I mean, I guess, just wanted just a more general comment in terms of this potential -- rather remarkable reserve margin potential that, under certain circumstances, could theoretically show up. Obviously, you guys are -- feel reliability is important. It's not clear to me exactly where -- what service territory would be impacted or who would be deficient. But I'm just sort of wondering if there's any -- if you feel that there's any issue that requires sort of a more rapid response.
Martin J. Lyons: Well, we don't. As it relates to Missouri, which, I guess, for your question, we don't see a deficiency in our Missouri resources. I mean, we do have adequate resources in our Missouri business to meet our Missouri load obligations. So we don't see anything there. I think the -- one of the things we said, Paul, honestly, is that, with the reserve margins today, we believe, are high within MISO. At what point we get to sort of critical conditions is uncertain. We've certainly looked at what's been put forward by the market monitor and the committees that have reported out to MISO. And certainly, those are valid concerns that are being raised. And so we do think it's important that MISO take action to -- with regard to its capacity construct and move, as I've said earlier, into having a multi-year capacity construct. But as it relates to Missouri, I certainly don't see any kind of condition of emergency or urgency as it relates to our resources there.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. What about Illinois? I mean, I know that you're not responsible for, but just in general, do you see that as a -- that Zone 4 is being problematic? And I guess, does that maybe lead to maybe additional transmission issues or potential investments or just any thoughts there?
Martin J. Lyons: Well, we're obviously -- we're investing a lot in transmission. I don't know if it will lead to incremental transmission in the near term. But our concerns about the capacity market and the -- our continued belief that it's important, from a reliability standpoint, to have a multi-year capacity construct, does get to Illinois and making sure that in Illinois, where it is a deregulated market, that the right price signals are sent over time to incentivize investment in generation so that there are resources available as Illinois goes out to -- and customers in Illinois go out to procure the power and capacity that they need. So again, I'm -- Paul, I'm not, by any means, saying that there's an emergency situation necessarily. But I think the points that are being raised at MISO are the right points to debate and consider as we think about a capacity construct going forward and the need for reliability in Illinois and throughout MISO.
Operator: Our next question today is coming from Bill Appicelli from Nexus Asset Management.
Bill Appicelli: Just had a question about the underlying O&M growth that you've seen sort of for this year. I know there are some lumpy items, but what do you guys see sort of going forward at the utilities in terms of maybe O&M growth rate or -- you've got this comment about continued discipline on cost management. So is there a target in mind, or what are your thoughts around that?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. We haven't really -- Bill, thanks for the question. We haven't really communicated, I'd say, a target. Our goal is, as we've said repeatedly, is to, in Missouri, for example, is to keep our earned returns very close, as close as we can, to our allowed returns and to really try to minimize that impacts of regulatory lag. And so as I said earlier, we continue to look for ways to streamline our operations to become more efficient. I mentioned our lean efforts, which, we believe, over time, will produce savings but really haven't communicated, I'd say, any specific targets or expectations. In Illinois, we continue to be focused on running efficient, lean operations there as well. Earlier, the question came up about customer bills, and we are investing and improving the infrastructure in Illinois for the benefit of our customers, it's creating jobs as well. But one of the things we are doing is continuing to work to be efficient in terms of our operations and maintenance spending as we roll out those investments to, again, minimize the overall impact on our customers' bills. So really, across the operations, we're looking to operate in a very disciplined way.
Bill Appicelli: Okay. And then I guess, just at the parent, I know outside of the refinancing of the parent debt next year, that will drive some of the cost savings. What are the other areas that are -- you guys are focused on to reduce the parent drag?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. So there were -- I talked earlier in the year about as much as $30 million or so of costs that were G&A costs, if you will, that had been allocated over time to the merchant business. A significant amount of those are really direct costs, costs that we were incurring sort of at a parent level that were directly associated with the merchant businesses. So as we get to closure there, those costs -- those direct support costs will be eliminated. And then to the extent that there were other costs that were being allocated, we've had significant efforts underway over the past several months to identify ways to be able to eliminate those costs as well. And that progress -- that work has been going very smoothly and very well. So those targets that we talked about, getting $0.20 down to $0.10 to $0.15 next year, we feel very good about. And then as we look to '15, what we talked about on this call is getting those costs down even lower as those costs are reduced and rationalized. We get the full year benefit of the refinancing next year. And I've said before that we expect that we might be able to get those -- we'd be able to get those costs, not might -- we'd be able to get those costs down under $0.10 in the 2015 timeframe.
Bill Appicelli: Okay. And then just on the refinancing, do you expect to refinance the full $425 million or would there potentially be a lesser amount that's refinanced or -- in terms of reducing the principal?
Martin J. Lyons: That's under consideration. We think that today, if you look at today's market, that you'll be able to refinance that 8.875% debt. Today, maybe at around the 2.5% kind of mark. So favorable conditions as we sit here today and big opportunity for interest savings. What amount of that we would do sort of on a longer-term versus a short-term refinancing is under consideration and we'll let you know when we've got a specific view on that. But we do have -- as you know, we have the full capacity under our credit facilities available to us today. We've got no borrowings under those. So we have the flexibility with respect to that $425 million to do some of that long term and some of that on a short-term basis as well.
Operator: Our final question today will be a follow-up from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Two items, one on O&M. Can you just walk us through how the Callaway outage schedules impact O&M? I think impacted last year and then will -- this year and then what the impact is in 2014? Does that get capitalized or is that all kind of flowing through and therefore, you see kind of some abnormal trends rather than just steady year-over-year changes in O&M?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, Michael, that's true. I know that the accounting practices vary across the industry. But we do expense the full cost of the operations and maintenance expenses for the Callaway refueling in the period that, that outage occurs. So we had the full Callaway refuel expenses expensed earlier this year. So we did have a refueling in the spring of this year. The next one is, I sort of referred to earlier on the call, is in the fall of 2014. We certainly have significant capital expenditures at that time that I mentioned. We also have the refueling and maintenance outage, O&M costs that we will incur there at the end of 2014. And then 2015, we have no scheduled refueling and maintenance outage. So 2015 wouldn't have any refueling and maintenance outage costs in it.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. So will the -- because it's a bigger or kind of more complex outage that's happening in the fall of 2014, because you're doing the extensive capital work, will the O&M piece of that outage be different than a normal refueling outage? Or will some of it get capitalized, some will be O&M? Like I'm just trying to think about, as you start to give drivers for 2014, how the Callaway refueling schedule will impact things.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. So Michael, I think sitting here today, we're not giving out our 2014 guidance, and I'll give more specificity when we do along those -- along the Callaway outage. However, I don't believe that the 2014 O&M costs are expected to be materially different than the 2013 cost.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Okay. And then those -- when you did the 2013 cost, what was the cost of that outage that happened in the spring?
Douglas Fischer: Well, it'll -- this is Doug. It's in the Q. I don't have it precisely. Maybe we can...
Martin J. Lyons: We'll try to dig that one out for you too, Michael. But as Doug said, it's in the -- we did disclose that in the...
Douglas Fischer: When the Q is filed, it will be clearly in there.
Operator: Mr. Fischer, there are no further questions at this time. I'd like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments.
Douglas Fischer: Thank you, all, for participating in this call. Let me -- excuse me, let me remind you again that this call is available for 1 year on our website. You may also call the contacts listed on the release. Financial analyst inquiries should be directed to me, Doug Fisher, or my associate, Matt Thayer. Media should call Joe Mellencamp. Our contact numbers are on the news release we issued today. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren, and have a good day.
Operator: Thank you. That does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and have a wonderful day. We thank you for your participation today.

===== 2013 Q2  (2013-08-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas Fischer Thomas R. Voss - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Martin J. Lyons - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Warner L. Baxter - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive Committee Maureen A. Borkowski - Chairman of ATX, Chief Executive Officer of ATX and President of ATX Adam C. Heflin - Chief Nuclear Officer of AmerenUE and Senior Vice President of AmerenUE
Analysts: Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Dan Jenkins Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC Kevin Fallon Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Ashar Khan Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Ameren Corporation Second Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Doug Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Fischer. You may begin.
Douglas Fischer: Thank you, and good morning. I'm Doug Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today are Tom Voss, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Marty Lyons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and other members of the Ameren management team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet, and the webcast will be available for 1 year on our website at ameren.com. Further, this call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast. Redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on our website that will be referenced by our speakers. To access this presentation, please look in the Investors section of our website under Webcasts and Presentations and follow the appropriate link. Turning to Page 2 of the presentation. I need to inform you that comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the Forward-looking Statements section in the news release we issued today, and the Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors section in our filings with the SEC. Tom will now begin this call with an overview of second quarter 2013 results and our updated 2013 earnings guidance, followed by an update as well on recent business developments. Marty will follow with a more detailed discussion of second quarter 2013 financial results, other financial matters and pending rate cases. We will then open the call for questions. Now here's Tom, who will start on Page 3 of the presentation.
Thomas R. Voss: Thanks, Doug. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Today, we announced second quarter 2013 net income from continuing operations of $0.44 per share compared to second quarter 2012 net income from continuing operations of $0.66 per share. This reduction in earnings was a result of a planned nuclear refueling outage and an unfavorable court decision related to the Missouri fuel adjustment clause, or FAC, both in 2013, an impact of a favorable regulatory decision in 2012. In addition, our earnings were reduced because of milder weather. The 2013 court action was a May Missouri Court of Appeals decision related to FAC treatment of certain prior-period wholesale sales. The second quarter earnings comparison was favorably impacted by new rates for Missouri Electric and Illinois Transmission Service, both effective in January 2013. Second quarter earnings from continuing operations were in line with our expectations, excluding the charge related to the Missouri Court of Appeals' FAC decision. Reflecting our agreement to divest our merchant generation business to an affiliate of Dynegy, merchant generation results are classified as discontinued operations in our financial statements. Marty will provide more details on our earning in a few minutes. Moving now to Page 4. Today, we also updated earnings guidance. We now expect 2013 earnings from continuing operations to be in the range of $2 to $2.15 per share compared to the prior range of $2 to $2.20 per share. This new guidance range incorporates the second quarter 2013 charge of $0.06 per share resulting from the FAC decision just discussed, as well as cost-containment within our Missouri operations. Guidance continues to incorporate approximately $0.20 per share of parent company and other cost, including certain costs that were previously allocated to the merchant generation business. Turning to Page 5. We remain committed to closing a transaction to divest our merchant generation business to an affiliate of Dynegy. Once this business is divested, Ameren will be a purely rate regulated electric, natural gas and transmission company focused on growing our investments in energy infrastructure, benefiting our customers, communities and investors. We're working diligently with Dynegy to complete the transaction and continue to anticipate our fourth quarter 2013 closing. Request for regulatory approvals are pending at the Illinois Pollution Control Board and the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, or FERC. Last month, Dynegy's Illinois Power Holdings Units, or IPH, and our merchant generation subsidiaries requested that the Illinois Pollution Control Board grant IPH the same variance from the Illinois multipollution standard that was granted to Ameren Energy Resources in 2012. We expect the variance to be granted, and the board has until late November of this year to issue a decision. Regarding the FERC filing for divestiture approval, last Friday, FERC requested copies of Ameren Energy Marketing's long-term wholesale contracts with 2 entities, both of which have intervened at FERC. Ameren Energy Marketing entered into these contracts under its market-based rate authority. Therefore, we now believe the contract should impede FERC's approval of the divestiture. In addition, FERC requested that an input into Ameren's market power study be revised. Ameren and Dynegy must respond to these information requests by August 9. In addition, our efforts to sell the 3 gas-fired energy centers we retained with the exercise of the Genco put option are progressing. We have shortlisted multiple interested potential buyers based on their initial proposals and we continue to expect to sell these plants by year end subject to separate approval by the FERC. Moving to Page 6. We remain focused on improving the regulatory frameworks for investing in our utilities and states for the benefit of customers, communities and investors. And I'm pleased to report important recent successes on this front in the State of Illinois. In 2011, the Illinois General Assembly enacted the Illinois Energy Infrastructure Modernization Act. This act was intended to spur a decade of investment in electric delivery, reliability, improved customer service and job creation. However, the Illinois Commerce Commission, or ICC, misapplied the act in our 2012 electric delivery formula rates. This is our view. To correct these misapplications, the Illinois General Assembly overwrote Governor Quinn's veto and enacted Senate Bill 9. The stature ensures that the originally intended provisions of the 2011 Act are applied by requiring that year end, not average rate base and capital structure be used for ratemaking. Further, the new stature requires the use of weighted average cost of capital, not a short-term interest rate for computation of annual revenue requirement true-up deferrals. Application of SB 9's provisions is expected to have little net impact on 2013 earnings. However, we do expect these provisions to be meaningful as our infrastructure modernization investments grow in the coming years. Further, Governor Quinn signed the Natural Gas Consumer, Safety & Reliability Act in July 2013. This new law establishes a regulatory framework for accelerating gas infrastructure investment, improving customer service and creating jobs. Utilities that elect to participate may implement rate surcharges for infrastructure investments made between rate cases. Eligible gas delivery plant additions include replacement of mains and older pipe, relocation of meters, and the installation of advanced meters, among other things. These surcharges may be updated monthly. The law retains ICC oversight of utility rates and provides consumer protections, including an average annual cap on surcharges of 4% of utility rate base revenues. Ameren Illinois expects to participate in this ratemaking program beginning in 2014 or 2015. Further, it plans to make an incremental $330 million of capital investment above a baseline of $770 million over 10 years and to create 150 new jobs at the program's peak. Turning now to Page 7 in Missouri. We also remained committed to enhancing Missouri regulatory framework to better support investment in that state's energy infrastructure. We're focused on enhancements that would support electric utility investments that are already in place and serving customers between rate cases. We were encouraged by the substantial majorities in both the Missouri House and the Senate, that supported the Infrastructure Strengthening and Regulatory Streamlining Act, commonly referred to as electric ISRS in the 2013 session. However, the legislation was blocked late in the session by a few filibustering senators. We are evaluating options for legislation in 2014, and we'll continue to work diligently on this important matter. As detailed on this page, Missouri electric utility regulation has improved in recent years. However, the lack of a modern framework that better supports capital investments made between rate cases limits the level of discretionary investment we can reasonably make in our energy infrastructure in this jurisdiction. An improved framework would be positive for job creation, the quality of service we can provide to our customers and the return opportunity we provide to our investors. Before I conclude my comments on our Missouri utility, I want to mention a recent operational development. Last Friday, the Callaway Energy Center experienced a fault in its electrical equipment that transfers power from its generator to its main transformers, which provide power to the grid and to the plant. The fault tripped the plant and it also caused a small fire in the turbine building, which is located in a nonnuclear part of the facility. The fire was quickly extinguished. At no time did the situation threaten the public, and no one was injured. The plant is currently out of service and we are still in the process of assessing whether there was any major equipment damage as a result of this event. Our preliminary test to date do not indicate that we incurred any significant damage to our major equipment. However, we still have a series of tests that we need to conduct through the weekend. Until all of our testing is completed, we are unable to provide an exact date as to when Callaway will return to service or an exact estimate of any related financial impacts of this outage. If our complete testing confirms that no damage was sustained beyond that which has been identified to date, we estimate that the energy center will return to service in 15 to 20 days, and that the earnings impact will be less than $0.01 per share. Moving to Page 8 of our presentation. I will conclude my business update by discussing electric transmission. Our plans to invest approximately $2.2 billion in FERC regulated electric transmission projects over the 5-year period ending in 2017 are a key part of Ameren's business strategy. These projects will benefit customers by providing more reliable and efficient electric system and it will also create jobs. Constructive forward-looking formula ratemaking that is in place for these projects provides an opportunity for us to earn fair returns on our investments, recover our costs on a timely basis. Our single largest planned transmission investment is Ameren Transmission Companies of Illinois, Illinois Rivers project. This approximate $1.1 billion MISO approved regional multivalue project involves the construction of a new high-voltage transmission line across the state of Illinois. Our request for a certificate of public convenience and necessity for the approximate 400-mile transmission line is pending at the ICC. In early July, the ICC Administrative Law Judges hearing the case issued their recommendations. We are pleased that the ALJ has agreed the project is necessary and the best approach to addressing transmission and reliability needs and the development of the competitive electricity market. Further, we are encouraged that the ALJ has recommended that a majority of the Illinois River project, 7 of 9 segments, be granted the requested certificate. We comprehensively responded to the questions raised by the ALJs regarding the location of 2 of the 9 line segments and certain substations in our briefs on exceptions filed on July 18. Therefore, we expect a constructive decision from the ICC by August 20, and we expect this decision to allow ATXI to maintain our previously disclosed capital investment plans for the project. Upon receipt of the certificate from the ICC, we will begin to acquire rights of way for the transmission line with a full range of construction activities expected to begin in 2014. Closing my prepared remarks, we remained focused on delivering strong returns to our shareholders by investing in and operating our businesses in a manner consistent with our existing regulatory frameworks. This means, we will exercise disciplined capital allocation, concentrating our discretionary investments in those jurisdictions that provide modern, constructive regulatory frameworks like those at FERC and in Illinois. Finally, we are committed to growing our earnings, earning fair returns on our investments and meeting our customers' energy needs and expectations. I will now turn the call over to Marty.
Martin J. Lyons: Thanks, Tom. Turning to Page 9 of the presentation. Today, we reported second quarter 2013 net income, combining results of both continuing and discontinued operations of $0.39 per share compared to second quarter 2012 net income of $0.87 per share. The second quarter 2013 net income included a loss of $0.05 per share from discontinued operations. As Tom previously discussed, Ameren earnings from continuing operations were $0.44 per share for the second quarter of 2013 compared to $0.66 per share for the second quarter of last year. On Page 10, we list the key factors that drove the $0.22 per share decline in second quarter earnings from continuing operations. Several large items impacted the quarterly comparison. These include expenses related to a planned Callaway Energy Center refueling and maintenance outage, which reduced earnings by $0.08 per share. Because Callaway has refueled approximately every 18 months, there was no refueling outage or associated expenses in 2012. In addition, the second quarter 2013 earnings were reduced by $0.06 per share as a result of the Missouri Court of Appeals' decision Tom referenced earlier. This decision related to FAC treatment of certain prior period wholesale sales, which occurred in the 2009 through 2011 period. The earnings decline also reflected the absence in 2013 of a $0.07 per share 2012 benefit from a FERC order related to a disputed Missouri purchase power agreement. Moving to sales. Temperatures negatively impacted the earnings comparison by approximately $0.05 per share. This year's early summer temperatures were cooler than last year's warmer-than-normal temperatures reducing electric sales volumes to our native load customers. Electric and gas sales volumes to native load customers also fell on a weather-normalized basis, reducing second quarter 2013 earnings by approximately $0.02 per share compared to the same period a year ago. This primarily reflected lower weather normalized electric sales volumes in Missouri, offset by increased weather normalized electric sales in Illinois and natural gas sales in Missouri. While on the topic of sales, I want to mention that for the full year of 2013, we expect weather normalized electric sales volumes to native load customers to be roughly flat with those of the prior year. Combined residential and commercial sales volumes are expected to increase about 0.5%, but this is expected to be offset by an expected decline in lower margin industrial sales volumes. Focus now on the last item on Page 10. The second quarter 2013 earnings per share comparison was favorably impacted by new rates from Missouri Electric and Illinois Transmission Service, both effective in January 2013, which combined the increase in earnings by $0.08 per share. Turning now to Page 11. Before concluding my discussion of earnings, I'd like to provide you with some information to assist your thinking about Ameren's third and fourth quarter 2013 earnings outlook. On this page, we've listed select items that are expected to impact third and fourth quarter 2013 earnings from continuing operations as compared to the impact of these items in the third and fourth quarters of 2012. First of these items is weather. In last year's third quarter, warmer-than-normal summer temperatures increased earnings by an estimated $0.14 per share. And in the last year's fourth quarter, warmer-than-normal early winter temperatures reduced earnings by an estimated $0.02 per share. Our 2013 guidance for earnings from continuing operations assumes normal temperatures for the second half of this year. The second item to note is an expected positive impact on the Ameren Illinois electric delivery earnings comparison resulting from variation in the timing and amount of expected full year recoverable cost under formula ratemaking. These earnings are expected to increase by approximately $0.10 per share in the third quarter 2013, and $0.01 per share in the fourth quarter compared to the prior year periods. This is a good place to note that our full year 2013 Illinois electric delivery earnings guidance now incorporates an average 30-year treasury bond yield of approximately 3.4%, and therefore, a formula allowed return on equity of approximately 9.2%. Finally, earnings should benefit from the new Missouri and Illinois transmission rates that went into effect in January of this year. Turning then to Page 12. We move from earnings to a discussion of our updated 2013 cash flow guidance. We calculate free cash flow by starting with our net cash provided by operating activities, and subtracting from it our capital expenditures, other cash flows from investing activities, dividends and advances received for construction. For 2013, we now anticipate negative free cash flow of approximately $450 million, an improvement of $50 million from our May 2013 guidance. The guidance continues to include merchant divesture-related cash outflows of approximately $100 million, including the $25 million of cash that is currently held at Genco. These divesture-related cash outflows are more than offset by expected transaction-related cash tax benefits of approximately $180 million, in present value, to be substantially realized in 2015. Moving to Page 13. I would like to update you on Ameren Illinois' 2 pending Illinois energy delivery rate cases. First, in January of this year, we filed a request for an increase in gas delivery rates based on a 2014 future test year. In June, the ICC staff and other intervenors filed their initial testimony in this gas case. The primary differences between our request and the positions of the ICC staff and the Illinois Industrial Energy customers are related to the return on equity level that should be incorporated into rates. In addition, the Illinois Attorney General and Citizens Utility Board recommended that the ICC use a higher forecast of revenues from gas transportation and industrial customers than we had proposed. If adopted, this adjustment would reduce the needed rate increase. A final ICC decision is due by December 19 of this year. Turning to Page 14. In addition to the pending gas rate case, in April of this year, we made the required annual electric delivery rate update filing. Our filing supports a net annual rate decrease consisting of a decrease for the 2012 revenue reconciliation under formula ratemaking, partially offset by an increase, primarily reflecting 2012 recoverable cost and expected 2013 net plant additions as prescribed by the rate formula. In June, the ICC staff filed its initial testimony in the case, recommending a larger net rate decrease than we had requested. The difference between our request and the staff's recommendation is primarily attributable to the same cost of service adjustments made by the ICC in our 2012 rate orders. A final ICC decision is due by December 15 of this year, and the new rates will take effect in January of next year. Moving finally to Page 14 of our presentation, let me summarize. Second quarter 2013 earnings from continuing operations were in line with our expectations, excluding the charge related to the Missouri Court of Appeals' FAC decision. Service to customers has remained highly reliable. We remain committed to a fourth quarter 2013 closing of the transaction to divest our merchant generation business. The divestiture allows to focus exclusively on our rate regulated utilities. In addition, we remained focused on improving our regulatory frameworks and have seen recent progress on that front in Illinois. Further, our utility investment plans provide the foundation for growing our rate regulated earnings. In fact, we project rate base will grow at a compound annual rate of approximately 7% over the 5-year period ending in 2017. Finally, Ameren's $1.60 per share annualized dividend rate is well covered by expected 2013 earnings from continuing operations and provides investors with an attractive current yield of approximately 4.5%. This concludes my prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: I wanted to ask you about the FERC office of energy market request for additional information. It looked like there was -- I guess, they want some more information at least partly because of market power. And also, I'm just wondering what you thought about any potential schedule impact or just what you could tell us more about the interplay with that in your -- getting these plants sold?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, sure. Paul. So you're right. I mean, last week, the FERC did have a, I'll call it a data request but they did ask for additional information with respect to a couple of things. They asked for contracts that we have with 2 customers and they also then asked for some additional information with respect to the market power effects on competition. We have 14 days to respond. We expect to certainly be able to respond within the 14 days. And we don't expect that the additional information they've asked for with respect to the market power impacts to really have any meaningful effect on the data and certainly, no effect overall on the conclusion. So we're going to provide that data as soon as we can, and we're hopeful that there won't be any impact on the overall schedule. We still expect that once the FERC receives that data, they may certainty invite some opportunity for comment on that, but wouldn't expect that it would slow the FERC process down meaningfully, such that, as you heard on the call, we still expect to be able to get FERC approval and close the transaction by year end.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. Now I know you guys, obviously, are planning on selling the plants but any thoughts about just sort of the RPM auction and the ability going forward next year's auctions with respect to the potential to sell capacity into PJM, just seams issues, what-have-you? Any thought with respect to what we saw in May and what might be there? Obviously, I know you guys are getting rid of the plants but obviously, you're still working with them. So I just was wondering if you have any thought about that.
Martin J. Lyons: Paul, no, I wouldn't say I have any specific thought with respect to the auction for next year. As you know, the -- this business segment that we're divesting of was successful in getting the ability to sell additional capacity into PJM in periods beyond really the '14 timeframe looking out to post '16. And generally, those prices still look favorable to the prices that exist in MISO today. And so I think just continuing to execute on selling what capacity can be sold into PJM is what that business segment will continue to focus on.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Perhaps first, just going back to kind of the merchant business, if you will, just entertain me for one second. I'd be curious if any of the latest regulations kind of change the landscape at all. One hour SO2. Recently, Illinois draft coal ash rules recently released. Does that change anything as far as you're concerned?
Thomas R. Voss: No, it doesn't. Certainly, we're monitoring developments there. But as you know, the decision to exit the merchant business is a strategic decision for us. Really provides us the opportunity to focus exclusively on our rate regulated operations. And so, no, Julien, while we're certainly monitoring conditions and frankly, that business segment that we're selling continues to operate well and perform well, but it's obviously a strategic decision to exit the business.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: And then going back to the Missouri legislation this year. Just kind of a little bit rehashing and thinking about next year, others have alluded to potentially going back for it, perhaps in a little bit more of a diluted approach. Have you put any thoughts to that next year?
Warner L. Baxter: This is Warner Baxter. And so the simple answer is, of course, we're looking at all kinds of options as we look forward to legislation for next year. I mean, certainly, there was a bill that was presented on the senate floor late in the session, which we thought was a good bill. That's certainly an option. We also look at several amendments that were prepared to be discussed and never really got discussed in the floor. Those are potential options. And there are certainly options for even the skinnier version. So what we're going to do and what we've been doing and we'll continue to do is have discussions with key stakeholders to get their input to see what we can do to move constructive legislation forward that will support investment in the state of Missouri. So that's what we'll do. And we'll continue to work with our key allies in Missouri, including all the electric energy providers, to try and craft an appropriate approach forward.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then a last little detail. Just going back to what you were talking about a second ago in the prepared remarks and I apologize if I missed this, but with regards to the outage here at Callaway, any kind of sense of how significant this would be from a timeline perspective and impact the 3Q results, just initially at least?
Warner L. Baxter: So Julien, this is Warner again. I think Tom said that basically, we still have some more tests that we have to complete. And that will take us through the weekend. But preliminary tests indicate that we haven't incurred any significant damage. And so, if everything we have seen so far, indeed, carries through once we complete our tests, it means that Callaway would -- we would expect that beyond another 15 to 20 days from today to get it back into service. But the tests aren't done and we will get those done through the weekend and we'll have a better assessment, certainty, some time next week.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our next question comes from the line of Andy Bischof with Morningstar.
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: What would you expect for a ruling after you supply the additional information by August 9?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, this is Marty again, Andy. It's hard to know exactly when they would respond. There's no specific timeline. Once -- you got about 180 days, frankly, to respond and can extend for another 180. But obviously, this request for information indicates to us that they are actively looking at our filing and we would expect FERC based on past practice to move more quickly than the 180 days that are allowed. So no specific deadline, but again, based on past experience, we certainly expect again to get the FERC approval and be able to close by year end. Of course, there's another filing that have been made at the Pollution Control Board and there, the timeline is about 120 days. So in both cases, we expect to get the Pollution Control Board approval for the air variance transfer, as well as the FERC approval for the sale in time still to be able to accomplish a closing before year end.
Andrew Bischof - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Moving to low trends, I guess, during the quarter, we've seen some weakness in competitor low trends. Can you just provide a little more clarity on the trends you're seeing across your customer base?
Martin J. Lyons: Sure, I'll be happy to comment on that. This year, we've seen a bit of variation, very much like we saw last year. The weather normalized sales started out pretty strong in Q1, but again, like last year, we had some quarterly volatility and we had a bit of contraction in the second quarter. Year-to-date, however, I would say, our residential and commercial sales are up about 0.5%. We said at the end of each of the last 2 quarters that in terms of our 2013 guidance that we expected little in the way of growth. And so, like I said, residential and commercial sales across our utilities are up about 0.5%, and that's we're looking for, for the full year, about 0.5% of growth in residential and commercial sales. With respect to industrial, between Missouri and Illinois, they've been down a little bit this year, primarily in Illinois. Missouri is actually flat to up a little bit. The Illinois trend is a reversal from the past couple of years where we saw really solid increases in industrial sales. But this year, they've turned south a little bit. For the full year, we expect similar kind of patterns for Missouri to be up a little bit in terms of industrial and for Illinois to be down. So those are some of the trends we're seeing. I think -- when I think about the economy and what's going on, what may drive the sales, frankly, in Missouri, the growth in our sales is kind of underscored by some of the things we're seeing in terms of positive movement, job growth, good producing and services jobs, housing starts have been on the rise a little bit, and our customer counts are up. Year-over-year, both residential and commercial residential, up about 0.4%; commericial, about 0.7%. So we're seeing some good trends that give us confidence that 0.5% of growth will be there for the year in residential and commercial and happy to see Missouri industrial sales up a hair this year. So that's generally, I guess, what we're seeing.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ian Jenkins with the Wisconsin Investment Board.
Dan Jenkins: This is Dan Jenkins. I wonder if you could give me a little more background on this Appellate Court decision on the FAC and Missouri. And then just what the basis was for the decision? And then if it will have any impact on how your FAC operates going forward?
Martin J. Lyons: Sure, Dan. Maybe Warner will -- who's president of our Missouri operations will take that one again.
Warner L. Baxter: So remember, when you go back to this issue, it really relates to some margins that we realized from certain wholesale contracts. Actually, back several years ago that the Missouri Public Service Commission felt those margins should have been provided back to our fuel adjustment clause like many of our other office system sales are under the existing rules. And these wholesale contracts really stem from some excess power that we had available for sale due to the loss of load from Noranda Aluminum, which is our largest customer, resulting from a severe ice storm in 2009. And so you go back in 2011, the commission issued the order that we had to refund approximately $80 million of margins earned for the period, March '09 to September '09. And we, indeed, recorded that charge back in 2011. That's a pretax charge. That was -- that did not take those contracts through their full duration. Those contracts went further. And so, in 2012, the staff, Missouri Public Commission staff, recommended additional refund of about $26 million related to the same wholesale contracts. And that's from the period from October 2009 to May 2011, whereas the first one was for March 2009-September 2009, that was the period under review. In 2012, just to give you the history so you know, we actually ended up winning our appeal of the commission's order before the Coal County Circuit Court, but later in 2013, which is the Appellate Court decision that Marty referenced, we -- the Missouri Court of Appeals upheld the Missouri Public Service Commission's position. So as a result of all those things, the commission yesterday issued an order requiring that refund of $26 million. And that's about $0.06 per share, as Marty talked about. And so, we, obviously, will comply with that. And while we were disappointed with the commission's decision, we certainty weren't surprised given the recent Appellate Court decision. So really, as we go forward, we will continue to operate under the provisions of the Missouri fuel adjustment clause. We will -- to the extent that we will follow, we really don't have an issue because we don't have similar types of wholesale contracts going forward. We'll just continue to have -- do the off-system sales as we do today and we'll provide 95% of those margins back to the fuel adjustment clause. The one thing that you should know, during all of this period of time, that we actually did file another or initiated another proceeding in the state of Missouri. And this goes back to July 2011, where we filed with the -- a request with the commission for an accounting authority order that allow Ameren Missouri to defer as a regulatory asset. Really, the fixed cost totaling about $36 million that were not recovered from Noranda as a result of that loss of the load back in 2009. So now that all of these other decisions have been put behind us, the commission now still has before it another docket to potentially provide us an accounting authority order for those losses that we incurred as a result of that loss of load. So a bit of a long story, but that gave you sort of the history of what's going on with the fuel adjustment clause and where things stand today. And so there is no set timetable for the commission to make a decision on this accounting authority order request, but we think the decks are now clear for them to take that up in the relative near future.
Dan Jenkins: Okay. And you don't intend to appeal that under the Supreme Court, the appellate ...?
Warner L. Baxter: The appeal of the Supreme court, no, we don't tend to do that. There are certain provisions of the commission's order which we may look to appeal, not the entire $26 million, but another smaller component of that, about $3 million that we think may have been addressed in the prior rate case settlement, that's still under review. But beyond that, no, we do not plan to take this up to the Supreme Court.
Dan Jenkins: Okay. And then just what's your regulatory schedule, I guess, in Missouri? You don't currently have it filed as -- but you have talked in the past about being a more regular rate case scheduled. Should they expect something coming up in the next few months?
Warner L. Baxter: Dan, we haven't made any final decisions as to when we'll file our next rate case. But just as we've done in the past, we'll seek to time the filing of our next case to mitigate regulatory lag. And that's regulatory lag resulting from meaningful capital additions, as well as to mitigate regulatory lag for operating costs. And so, when we look at those things, obviously, we just completed a rate case at the end of last year, we'll be mindful of those types of things, as well as capital additions that we have coming before us in a variety of different areas, not just in '13 but in '14. So a final decision hasn't been made, but we keep a very close eye on all these things in terms of when we'll file our next rate case.
Dan Jenkins: Okay. And then the last thing I has is you had a slide show on the cash flow and the fact it will be negative, I just wondered if you could update us what your financing plans are coming up.
Martin J. Lyons: Sure, Dan. this is Marty again. So in terms of financing plans, as you probably know from looking at our balance sheet, really nothing in terms of short-term debt at this point have good liquidity. So we'll be looking at this year as some of the maturities that, I believe, we talked to you about last quarter, that we have coming up, both in Missouri and Illinois. And then we've got -- the negative cash flow is really being driven by the capital expenditure plans we have overall. So we'll be taking a look again at those maturities, plus the cash flows driven by the rate base growth and then refinancing those when they get to levels that we think are appropriate to take to the financial market. As we look right now, some of that financing may be done in the second half of this year, some of it may slip to the first quarter of next year. So -- but those are the plans. And then, of course, next year, we've got the debt up at the holding company that you're aware of that we'll be looking at refinancing options. Those come up in May of next year, May '14. And certainly, we've got the opportunity there, as we talked about before, to significantly lower the interest rate of that -- the parent company debt. And, Dan, while I've got you, one thing I want to tack on to Warner's thing, it's just important, is that the charge we took relative to the FAC that when we had the similar one in a prior period, but those are fully behind us, those sales that were in question happened during the finite period of time, the FAC was later modified to address those kinds of things. So it's not an issue that will be recurring going forward. So that $0.06 item was a bit of a onetime item this year and in terms of it not happening again in the future. And we did include it in our core, if you will, earnings from operating activities. But that is not something that would repeat in future periods.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Steven Fleishman with Wolf Research.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: So listen, on the Illinois Rivers, just -- do you agree that the ALJ recommendation was adopted largely as it is? I mean, how much of an impact might it have on the CapEx for that project? I mean, obviously, there were some segments here.
Martin J. Lyons: Steve, we have with us here today the president of that subsidiary in segment, Maureen Borkowski. I think I'll let her address your question.
Maureen A. Borkowski: I think the question is if the ALJ order was approved as is, how would it affect our CapEx? Realistically, what would happen is it would probably trigger another proceeding if the order was approved as is. We would have 7 of the 9 line segments approved for routing, as well as several of the substations, we would be moving out on those. And then we would need additional clarity on the remaining 2 segments and the substations. The issue is not really whether or not those things are needed and whether or not they're going to be built, it's just a matter of what the route is. With regard to the 2 line segments that the ALJ didn't recommend approval of, the route was somewhat in question because there was a question about where the locations that were the terminating points of those line segments should be. With regard to the substations that they didn't recommend approval of, the issue was really with regard to the use of the facilities and sites of some existing Ameren Illinois company substations that were nearby. And whether or not we needed new sites adjacent to those facilities or if those existing facilities could be utilized. So it's really just a matter of getting clarity around those issues. So the bottom line is, if the ALJ order was adopted as is, we still wouldn't expect it to significantly affect our capital investment. We'll probably have another proceeding that was a follow-on to clarify the remaining issues. We're hopeful, though, that the response that we provided to some of the issues the ALJs had raised will be clarified in a commission order that's due on August 20. Did that answer your question?
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. Yes, that's very helpful. And I think on Dynegy's call this morning, they talked about continued and worsening congestion issues in the region and potential transmission needs for that. Can you talk about whether you're seeing more opportunities in your transition business to address that issue?
Maureen A. Borkowski: We certainly are always looking forward to new transmission investment opportunities. But as you know, the regional transmission plan is really designed by MISO. So we continue to work with the Midwest ISO and with Dynegy and other entities, about addressing some of the congestion issues. But MISO has to work that through their lengthy stakeholder transmission planning process, and any needed improvements have to be determined within the course of the parameters that their transmission plan sets up. Most of the time, I would think these kinds of projects would have to be either reliability or market efficiency projects. We're certainty continuing to propose projects that would address some of these issues, but they have to work their way through the planning process.
Steven I. Fleishman - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. One last question, I guess, for Tom. I think on the last call, you mentioned that there's going to be kind of a board retreat in June, might have been a response to a question on dividend strategy and dividend growth. Anything come out of that on -- in terms of the kind of thinking on dividend strategy and even just how the company looks once this generation transaction is completed?
Thomas R. Voss: Sure. We did have a, what I would view as a successful strategy update session with our board in June. They bought into the management's plan about growing -- how we anticipate to grow the business by making investments. We're totally supportive of that approach and they're very much in favor of us as we grow earnings, as we grow the rate base and grow earnings, that we would also grow the dividend over a period of time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Kevin Fallon with SIR Capital Management.
Kevin Fallon: I just wanted to see if I could get a little bit more color in terms of the regulatory lag issue in Missouri. And in particular, how fast are you incurring lag, and what's a reasonable amount of lag to accept before you file?
Warner L. Baxter: This is Warner Baxter. When you look at regulatory lag in Missouri, it's driven by a couple of things. Number one, it's driven by the fact that they use historical tests here, principally, to set rates. Another big driver is that when capital investments are placed into service between rate cases, there's now an ability to update rates for those major adjustments. And so, what we have been doing as a company is that we've been working very hard and had success in better aligning our spend across our enterprise, both capital and O&M to be more consistent with the regulatory framework that we have in front of us in the state of Missouri. And so we've been able to manage that and we continue to do that going forward. But of course, there will be some point where we're going to have to file rate cases. And what we've been very focused on is narrowing that gap between the allowed return on equity provided by the commission and what our actual earned return on equity has been and we've been able to do that over the last several years pretty successfully. So I wouldn't say there's a magical number or a magical timeframe, we just know that we're going to manage our operations and manage consistent with that and keep a fairly narrow gap and that's what our plan has been and will continue to be.
Kevin Fallon: Is it too precise to say that you guys are hopeful that you can stay out until you have another shot at the legislation? Or is that too fine a point?
Warner L. Baxter: Kevin, I would say that's too fine a point. We'll do what we think is right for the business, what we think is right for shareholders. And that's when we'll file rate cases, as well as, frankly, we think legislation isn't just about how we earn better returns. We think it's in the best interest, frankly, of the state of Missouri and its customers. And so, bottom line, we're trying to create a win-win for everybody.
Kevin Fallon: Okay. And in terms of financing plans, as we look over the next couple of years, you guys obviously have a big CapEx buildout. Could you give us some color in terms of the need for equity or target capital ratios for the consolidated firm?
Martin J. Lyons: Sure, this is Marty again. We've provided these over time. I think we look to keep the equity content and the cap structure over time, around that 50-50 kind of level where we are today. So we think that's a target that we'd have going forward. We haven't given any specific guidance on any need for equity. Obviously, we've got a strong, we believe, rate base growth plan, capital expenditure plan, expect to be able to grow rate base 7% annually out through 2017, as we mentioned earlier. Largely, we believe that will be funded by the reinvestment of retained earnings as our -- from the earnings we got in the business and the growth in the earnings going forward coupled with that financing. To the extent that we needed some supplemental equity, which we're not issuing any currently, but would have the ability to turn on our DRIP or 401(k) or utilize those programs to generate additional equity. But again, we're not doing that currently and we would make that decision on a year-by-year basis going forward.
Kevin Fallon: Okay. And just last a last question. I just want to confirm that if the ALJ position is upheld on the Illinois Rivers project, that even if you have to seek a second proceeding to get the full amount of the substations and lines completed, the construction on the project as a whole will move forward as scheduled and it's kind of an add-on to that incremental process that you would need to go through? In others, it wouldn't delay the spending of the CapEx.
Maureen A. Borkowski: This is Maureen. Yes, that's is correct. I mean, the encouraging news about the ALJ order is that they completely endorse the need for the project and said that Illinois River is the best approach. So really, this issue with regard to the substations and the remaining 2 line segments is about where they should be, not whether or not they're needed. So yes, we would move out on the segments and the stations that have been approved and then would work through the issues with regard to the routing of the remaining segments and stations. It would not impact the CapEx plan.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: It's actually Rajeev Lalwani on Stephen's team. I just have a question on a comment you made in Missouri, the cost referral that you're seeking relating to Noranda, is that kind of a one-time thing or will that carry forward?
Warner L. Baxter: Rajeev, this is Warner Baxter. This would be really kind of a one-time thing. The event was the loss fixed cost resulting from the ice storm and so it would be a one-time event. And so the commission is in the county authority order and then if we'd be granted that county authority ordered, then we would seek to put the commission's decision into rates during our next rate case.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. And the other question was on Illinois. As we see the 30-year treasury go up, why is that not impacting your expected earnings for the business? Or is it too small to have much of an impact?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. No, it is embedded in there. So we have seen the 30-year treasuries rise this year, but it is having -- it's up, I guess, about 30 basis points from where we started our guidance at the beginning of the year and 30 basis points for this year is about $0.015. So that is embedded in the overall guidance. If you look at the guidance we've provided, and I think somebody did this last time, took a $2 to $2.15 range and then added back the parent and other of $0.20 to get to a midpoint of a range around our regulated earnings, which gets you to about $2.27 or $2.28, somewhere in that range. We started the year with regulated earnings expectations of $2.25. After the first quarter, we raised it to a midpoint of about $2.30 and again, there's a range around these numbers. We didn't have anything specifically and therefore the $0.06 FAC charge, frankly, as Warner said earlier, could have gone either way, been a $0.06 charge or a $0.04 upside. The fact that we have this $0.06 charge is the reason that we're bringing down the upper end of our range from $2.20 to $2.15. But my point is that we brought down that midpoint only $0.02 or $0.03. Based on that charge, we're seeing a little bit of upside from the -- from those 30-year treasuries, and we're also controlling our cost to help offset some of that. And bottom line, it's steady as she goes in terms of regulated earnings for this year. We've been between that $2.25 and $2.30 midpoint, we're still there even after this FAC charge at about that $2.27 to $2.28 range. So those are some of the things that we're incorporating. We had a Callaway refueling outage in the second quarter. The result of that as we've shared in our talking points, it was $0.08 for the quarter, $0.09 for the year, right in line with the guidance we provided earlier in the year. So all in all, it's -- we're -- things are in line through 6 months.
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Just another follow-up question on Illinois. In terms of the new legislation there, it seem like it didn't have much of an impact on your numbers. Can you just talk about why that is? And I was under the impression that it will improve the delta between earned and the lag going forward.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, you're asking about the Illinois Electric in particular?
Rajeev Lalwani - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Yes, sorry.
Adam C. Heflin: Yes. So the reason it didn't have a -- really, a big impact on this year is that it will have a positive impact going forward. So Tom went through some of the things that are underscored which is use of the year end rate base, the actual year end cap structure, as well as in weighted average cost to capital returns on deferrals. One of the things in our talking points we did talk about is that coming out of the first year of the use of the legislation, there's actually a deferral that is actually a liability back to the customers. And so, when you look at the weighted average cost of capital return on that, that is actually an incremental obligation which mitigates the positive impact of the other 2 items, the year end rate base and the actual cap structure. So for the year, it was a bit of a neutral. As we go through time, this is what was in our talking points, we go through time and we deploy the capital in order to improve the infrastructure, create the jobs per the Act, we expect those deferrals to be actually regulatory assets and would expect them to -- the weighted average cost of capital returns on those. So this year, it kind of netted out to not really having much of an impact. But going forward, those fixes to the legislation are necessary and will be positive overall.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ashar Khan with Visium.
Ashar Khan: My question has been answered.
Operator: Our final question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just coming back to Ameren Illinois real quick. I want to make sure I understand, we've seen this with Commonwealth Edison, what is the amount of -- on the electric side of items of cost that the commission does not include in the formula rate process. Meaning, that creates a little bit of structural earnings -- structural underearning. I don't think it's a huge number, but when you think about kind of going for 2014, 2015 and beyond.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. Michael, I wish I had that in front of me. We went through some of this, actually, coming out of our year end call and perhaps Doug can find the slide. What we did coming at year end, we gave our guidance for this year. So we actually laid out some of the items that actually we expected to cause some under earning this year. Actually Doug wasn't able to pull that out. The things we laid out at that time, Michael, were about $8 million of ICC ratemaking adjustments. Those are things that unless we're able to find some other way to mitigate those or to get recovery, those would be sort of recurring. We laid out, and this was back -- it was in Slide 13 by the way in the year end call, we made about $7 million of electric system rework that we plan to do and are doing this year, and that would not be recoverable. However, while those costs were incurred this year and last year, we don't expect that those costs would be sort of going-forward cost. We believe that, that rework is largely behind us after this year. So we'd not expect that to continue to be a driver of underearning. And then, with the $1 million this -- we have this year, it was greater last year, we had $1 million this year of required donations under the formula rates, and of course, we continue to make those donations going forward and those are nonrecoverable. So I think what we laid out there was about $60 million or so of items impacting us this year, both the expectation that, that would go down to maybe in the $9 million range next year. And so that's sort of the guidance we provided.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. So when investors think longer-term about the Illinois Electric business, should they basically think, look, on the distribution or delivery side, you're likely to -- there's nothing structural that keeps you -- that keeps the rate base math from happening. Meaning kind of taking an end of year rate base multiplying times whatever the equity layer is and then just taking the 30-year treasury plus 580 bps. And then maybe subtracting out those structural items you just -- the nonrecoverable items you just talked.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, Michael, that's right. You should look for it. It should be -- it should work formulaically as -- obviously, when we got started last year with these reviews, there were certainly some debate around some of these historical ICC ratemaking adjustments or how the law would be implemented. Those historical ICC ratemaking adjustments will continue per the law. We believe we've gotten clarity from the legislature in terms of the some of the issues that were debated with the ICC. But generally, you're right, Michael, we should have rate base growth going forward. The ratemaking should work formulaically as designed. And as the 30-year treasury, say, if they do rise, then that will impact the overall return. And I think, next year, I think that blue chip consensus forecast we use right now, it's at 3.95, which would imply for next year if that held through a 9.75 return in the Illinois energy delivery space.
Operator: Mr. Fischer, we have no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comments.
Douglas Fischer: Thank you. Thank you for participating in this call. Let me remind you again that this call is available for 1 year on our website. You may also call the contacts listed on the release. Financial analyst inquiries should be directed to me, Doug Fischer, or my associate, Matt Thayer. Media should call Joe Muehlenkamp. Our contact numbers are on the news release. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren, and have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation, and have a wonderful day.

===== 2013 Q1  (2013-05-03 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas Fischer Thomas R. Voss - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Martin J. Lyons - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President Warner L. Baxter - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, President and Member of Executive Committee
Analysts: Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division David A. Paz - Wolfe Research, LLC Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Ashar Khan Neil Kalton - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division Mitchell Moss Andrew Levy Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Ameren Corporation's First Quarter 2013 Earnings Call. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Doug Fischer, Senior Director of IR for Ameren Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Fischer. You may begin.
Douglas Fischer: Thank you, and good morning. I'm Doug Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today are Tom Voss, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Marty Lyons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and other members of the Ameren management team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet, and the webcast will be available for 1 year on our website at ameren.com. Further, this call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast. Redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on our website that will be referenced by our speakers. To access this presentation, please look in the Investors Section of our website under Webcasts and Presentations and follow the appropriate link. Turning to Page 2 of the presentation, I need to inform you that comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, conditions, events and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the Forward-looking Statements section in the news release we issued today and the Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors section in our filings with the SEC. Tom will begin this call with an overview of first quarter 2013 results and our 2013 earnings guidance, followed by an update on recent business developments. Marty will follow with more detailed discussions of first quarter 2013 financial results and financial and other matters. We will then open the call for questions. Now here's Tom who will start on Page 3 of the presentation.
Thomas R. Voss: Thanks, Doug. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Today, we announced first quarter 2013 net income from continuing operations of $0.22 per share compared to first quarter 2012 net income from continuing operations of $0.15 per share. First quarter earnings from our rate-regulated utilities were in line with our expectations. Reflecting our March agreement to divest our merchant generation business to an affiliate of Dynegy, the results of this business are now classified as discontinued operations in our financial statements. The increase in first quarter 2013 earnings from continuing operations compared to first quarter 2012 reflected improved earnings from Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois. Colder winter weather which drove higher electric and natural gas sales lines and new rates for Ameren Missouri electric and Ameren Illinois transmission service both effective in January 2013 were key drivers of the earnings improvement. The comparison also benefited from the absence in 2013 of a required donation that was made in 2012 associated with the implementation of formula-based electric delivery rates in Illinois that year. These favorable factors were partially offset by a reduction in weather normalized revenues recognized in this year's first quarter by Ameren Illinois under electric delivery formula ratemaking. In addition, nonfuel operations and maintenance expenses were higher at Ameren Missouri. Marty will provide more details on our earnings in a few minutes. Moving to Page 4. Today, we also established 2013 earnings guidance for continuing operations in the range of $2 to $2.20 per share. The presentation of guidance on a continuing operations basis reflects the classification of the merchant generation business as discontinued operations in the first quarter. Also, this guidance incorporates approximately $0.20 per share of parent company and other costs, including certain costs that were previously allocated to the merchant generation business. We expect to reduce these parent company and other costs to $0.10 to $0.15 per share in 2014 and to reduce them even further in 2015. This is expected to be achieved by refinancing the $425 million of parent company senior notes due in May 2014 and rationalizing operating costs that were previously allocated to the merchant generation business. Turning to Page 5. The most significant first quarter development was the March agreement to divest the merchant generation business to an affiliate of Dynegy. We believe this transaction clarifies our strategic direction and value proposition to investors. It allows Ameren to focus exclusively on its rate-regulated electric, natural gas and transmission businesses. The divestiture reduces Ameren Corporation's business risk and is expected to substantially improve the predictably of future earnings and cash flows. These factors support our ongoing efforts to grow our earnings base and provide a solid sustainable dividend. The transaction removes $825 million of Genco's senior notes from Ameren's consolidated balance sheet. Also, it will result in an estimated $180 million at present value of deferred tax assets which are expected to be substantially realized in 2015. These tax benefits more than offset the cash requirements associated with the transaction. As a result, the rating agencies have stated that the merchant generation divestiture is credit positive for Ameren. In fact, Standard & Poor's upgraded Ameren Corporation's rating to BBB, shortly after the announcement of the transaction. We're working diligently with Dynegy to complete this transaction. In April, we filed a request for the approval of divestiture with the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. And today, we plan to file with the Illinois Pollution Control Board for the required transfer to Dynegy of the variance related to the Illinois Multi-Pollutant Standard that we were granted in 2012. We continue to anticipate closing the transaction in the fourth quarter of this year. In addition, we have hired an investment bank to assist us in the sale of the 3 gas-fired energy centers that we retained with the exercise of the Genco put option and we have begun marketing these assets. We expect to complete the sale of these plants to a third-party by year end, subject to separate approval by the FERC. Moving to Page 6. In addition to posting solid first quarter earnings from continuing operations and advancing the pending divesture of our merchant generation business, we're also making progress on our plans to invest substantial additional capital in FERC-regulated electric transmission projects. These projects will benefit customers through a more reliable and efficient electric system. Constructive, forward-looking formula ratemaking that is in place with these projects provides a reasonable opportunity for us to earn fair returns on our investments and recover our costs on a timely manner. We plan to invest a total of approximately $2.2 billion in these FERC-regulated transmission projects over the 5-year period ending in 2017. Our single largest planned transmission investment is the Illinois Rivers project. This approximate $1.1 billion MISO-approved regional multi-value project involves the construction of a new high-voltage transmission line across the state of Illinois. It will enhance electric system reliability and create new construction jobs in the state. Our request for a Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity for the approximate 400 mile transmission line is pending at the ICC. In late March, the ICC staff filed initial testimony in response to this request, and we are pleased that the ICC staff recommended a certificate be granted for the project, subject to certain further considerations. We filed testimony last Friday to address the remaining concerns of the ICC staff. Hearings are scheduled for May 13 through May 17 with an ICC decision expected by August 20 of this year. Upon receipt of the certificate from the ICC, we will begin to acquire rights of way for the transmission line with the full range of construction activities expected to begin in 2014. Turning now to Page 7. We also continue to pursue enhancements to the state regulatory frameworks for our utilities in both Missouri and Illinois. We are focused on improving our ability to invest in our utilities and states for the benefit of customers, communities and investors. Turning first to Missouri. We, along with every other investor-owned electric utility in the state, strongly support the Infrastructure Strengthening and Regulatory Streamlining Act, commonly referred to as electric ISRS, which is currently pending in the Missouri General assembly. It is largely fashioned after the infrastructure recovery statute that has been utilized by the water and gas utilities in the state for nearly a decade. This proposed legislation is intended to modernize the Missouri electric regulatory framework by providing for a more timely recovery of investments that are in place and serving customers between rate cases. Further, it will enable us to make important incremental investments in our aging infrastructure to meet our customers' future energy needs and expectations as well as create well-paying jobs. If enacted, this legislation would streamline regulation, as well as enhance many of the consumer protections in the current water and gas infrastructure laws, which already include very strong oversight by the Missouri Public Service Commission. Late last evening, the Missouri Senate debated the electric ISRS legislation. A final vote was not taken on the bill. We will continue to work with legislative leaders and other key stakeholders to see if we can move this legislation forward. Having said that, consumer advocates and certain industrial customers are opposing this effort to modernize Missouri utility regulation. However, we consider such opposition to be rooted in a very shortsighted approach to state energy policy, and we continue to aggressively communicate why enacting this legislation, will be good for our customers and the state of Missouri. The time for Senate and House action is limited since the Missouri legislative session ends on May 17. We will continue to work tirelessly to pursue this important legislation for the state of Missouri. Turning to Page 8, in Illinois. In 2011, the Illinois General Assembly enacted the Illinois Energy Infrastructure Modernization Act. This act was intended to spur a decade of investment in electric delivery reliability, improved customer service and job creation. Last year, Ameren Illinois began selecting infrastructure projects and opened a Smart Grid training facility in Belleville, Illinois. The ICC also approved our Advanced Metering Infrastructure initiative. We continue to maintain that formula ratemaking can be constructive, if properly applied. However, in our view, the ICC misapplied the act in our 2012 electric delivery formula rate orders. Therefore, we strongly support Senate Bill 9, a legislative solution that clarifies application of the act regarding rate while maintaining strong consumer protections. Senate Bill 9 makes clear that year end, not average rate base and weighted average cost of capital not a short-term interest rate, should be used in electric delivery formula ratemaking. And we're pleased that the Illinois General assembly has overwhelmingly confirmed their legislative intent and approved this legislation. The bill is now on Governor Quinn's desk, and he must act on it by May 20. As part of a two-pronged approach to ensure that the goals of the Energy Infrastructure Modernization Act are realized, Ameren Illinois has also appealed the 2012 electric rate orders to state appellate court. In addition, we support Illinois legislative efforts to enhance the ratemaking framework for gas delivery service. This, too, would allow us to accelerate infrastructure investment, deliver improved customer service and create jobs. Turning to Page 9. I would like to close my prepared remarks with a summary of our planned investment in our rate-regulated utilities for the benefit of our customers, communities and investors. This is reflected in our regulated capital investment plans, which translates into expected rate base growth of approximately 7% annually from 2013 to 2017. With this growth, most rapid and regulatory jurisdictions with constructive formula ratemaking, we are moving forward on a path that will enhance our ability to earn fair returns on a growing level of utility investment. I will now turn the call over to Marty.
Martin J. Lyons: Thanks, Tom. Turning to Page 10 of the presentation. Today, we reported a first quarter 2013 net loss, combining results from both continuing and discontinued operations of $0.60 per share, compared to first quarter 2012 net loss of $1.66 per share. The first quarter 2013 net loss included a loss of $0.82 per share from discontinued operations, incorporating an impairment charge to write-down the merchant generation business to its estimated fair value based upon the terms of the divestiture and other exit related after-tax charges. These after-tax charges were $195 million or $0.80 per share for the first quarter of 2013. Those charges will be reviewed as we move through 2013 with adjustments recorded in our financial statements as needed. We currently expect that the total after-tax charges will be less than the approximately $300 million we estimated when we announced the divestiture. As Tom previously discussed, Ameren recorded first quarter 2013 earnings from continuing operations of $0.22 per share, compared with first quarter 2012 earnings of $0.15 per share. On Page 11, we list the key factors that drove the $0.07 per share improvement in earnings. Factors favorably impacting first quarter 2013 earnings compared to those of the first quarter of 2012 included a return to normal winter weather compared to much warmer than normal weather in the first quarter of 2012. This boosted electric and natural gas sales lifting earnings by an estimated $0.10 per share and has estimated $0.07 in Missouri and $0.03 in Illinois. In addition, new rates from Missouri electric and Illinois transmission service increased earnings by $0.05 per share. And the absence in 2013 of a required nonrecoverable donation made in 2012 associated with the implementation of Illinois formula ratemaking for energy delivery service boosted earnings by $0.02 per share. These positive factors were partially offset by reduced first quarter 2013 weather normalized Illinois electric delivery revenues which lowered earnings by $0.08 per share compared to the first quarter of 2012. Reduced revenues are the result of variation in the timing and amount of expected full year recoverable costs between this year's first quarter and the year-ago period. We expect this variation to result in lower weather normalized earnings in the second quarter of 2013 and higher earnings in the third and fourth quarter of 2013 compared to the same periods in 2012. For the full year 2013, we expect weather normalized Illinois electric delivery earnings to increase compared to 2012, primarily reflecting increased investment for the benefit of our customers. Finally, higher operations and maintenance expenses at Ameren Missouri reduced first quarter 2013 earnings by $0.03 per share, net of certain rate recoveries compared to the first quarter of 2012. These higher expenses were primarily due to start up expenses related to the second quarter 2013 Callaway Nuclear Energy Center refueling and maintenance outage and higher storm-related costs. Turning now to Page 12. I want to remind everyone that second quarter 2013 comparative results will be impacted by a few significant items. The first of these will be the second quarter 2013 expenses for the just mentioned Callaway Nuclear Energy Center refueling and maintenance outage which began in April. These expenses are estimated to be approximately $0.10 per share. There was no Callaway refueling outage in 2012. The second item is a favorable 2012 FERC order related to a disputed Missouri power purchase agreement that expired in 2009. That order resulted in a nonrecurring gain of $0.07 per share in the second quarter of last year. Finally, as previously discussed, variation in the timing of revenue recognition for Ameren Illinois' electric delivery service is expected to result in a decline in weather normalized earnings in the second quarter of 2013 compared to second quarter of 2012, though again the full year comparison is expected to be positive. One other item is worth mentioning, we expect the Missouri Court of Appeals to issue a decision this year, possibly in the second quarter in its review of the Missouri Public Service Commission fuel adjustment clause order issued for Ameren Missouri in 2011. This court decision may impact comparative second quarter 2013 financial results. However, we believe potential financial impacts are accommodated by our earnings guidance range. Turning then to Page 13. We move from earnings to a discussion of our updated 2013 free cash flow guidance. We calculate free cash flow by starting with our net cash provided by operating activities and subtracting from it our capital expenditures, other cash flows from investing activities, dividends and advances received for construction. For 2013, we now anticipate negative free cash flow of approximately $500 million compared to our February 2013 guidance of a negative $435 million. The updated estimate also includes merchant divestiture-related cash outflows of approximately $100 million, including the $25 million of cash that is currently held at Genco. These divestiture-related cash outflows are more than offset by expected transaction-related cash tax benefits of approximately $180 million in present value to be substantially realized in 2015. Finally, on Page 14 of our presentation, I will conclude my prepared remarks by summarizing key year-to-date accomplishments. In our view, first quarter financial results from continuing operations were solid with utility results in line with our expectations. Operating performance and service to customers has remained strong. We announced the divestiture of the merchant generation business to Dynegy and have begun taking the regulatory steps needed to close this transaction in the fourth quarter of this year. The divestiture will allow us to focus exclusively on our rate-regulated utilities and is expected to improve the predictability of our future earnings and cash flows. Our rate-regulated utility investment plans provide the foundation for growing our rate base at a compound annual rate of approximately 7% over the 5-year period ending in 2017, and Ameren's $1.60 per share annualized dividend rate is well covered by expected 2013 earnings from continuing operations and provides investors with a very attractive current yield of approximately 4.5%. That concludes my prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Sort of to the Missouri legislation, I mean, given that we got the May 17 deadline sort of showing up here and sort of the lack of movement over the last several weeks, how should we think about the potential for its passage? And if it doesn't pass, given the substantial amount of CapEx and rate-base growth that you guys have, how should we think about your ability to manage regulatory lag, if -- in its absence?
Martin J. Lyons: Sure. Paul, this is Marty. I think I'll let Warner Baxter, who's here with us, President of Missouri Operations. Go ahead and answer that question.
Warner L. Baxter: So a couple of things. First, your first question is related to the prospects for the passage of legislation. And you're right. And certainly, as we sit here today, it's difficult to predict really whether the legislation be passed at this time. And as we've talked about in the past, it's always a challenge to try and pass legislation. And certainly, with only 2 weeks left in the legislative session, and that challenge is going to be greater, especially in light of the continued opposition from certain consumer groups and certain large customers. But having said that, our team is going to continue to work closely with legislative leaders and other key stakeholders to see if we can move this legislation forward. And should we not get that legislation passed this session, we will continue to work tirelessly to get constructive legislation passed in the future to address, as you said, some of the additional capital expenditures that we may be making in the future and to address regulatory lag in Missouri. And the bottom line, we think this legislation and this path represents good long-term energy policy for Missouri, and it's going to help us address the aging infrastructure and certainly meet our customers' long-term needs and expectations. And the legislation we had before, the legislature today certainly has robust consumer protections. So we're going to continue to advocate for that policy because we think it's simply the right thing to do. Now with regard to the questions in terms of how we handle regulatory lag. We're going to continue to do what we've done in the past, and that we're going to continue to be very disciplined in our cost control and how we allocate capital in our business and certainly among all the Ameren businesses. And we're going to do what we've done also in the past and that's aligning our spend with the regulatory policies, outcomes and economic conditions. When the need arises, we will continue to file frequent rate cases to recover those investments. And as I said before, we're going to continue to pursue changes in the regulatory framework that will support investment because we are convinced that is the absolute best policy for the state of Missouri in the future.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay, I hear you. But just in general, I guess, there is a lot of opposition and I mean, in the absence of a change in regulatory policy, should we be thinking about sort of a ROE lag as we go forward, if there is no improvement, or -- I mean, I'm sure you guys are working hard or whatever, but just in general, I mean, how -- if you could just -- I don't know if you can address that or not, but just how should we think about that? And then just also sort of related, SB 9 sailed through the legislature in Illinois very, very well, but the gas stuff, the gas legislation seems to be sort of held up. I was just wondering if you could compare and contrast that.
Martin J. Lyons: Paul, this is Marty. I'll maybe try to tack on to what Warner said. I think as you look at what we've been able to accomplish over the past number of years in terms of Missouri regulation and Missouri earnings, certainly, over a series of rate cases, we've been able to achieve use of various riders and trackers for fuel or for energy efficiency or things of that nature, which have provided us a better opportunity to earn our allowed returns and we have meaningfully closed the gap between earned and allowed returns. Clearly, in the absence of some better framework for capital investment, it's hard to be able to earn those alloweds on a regular basis, if you're deploying significant amounts of capital. When you look overall at our plan going forward and you look at our 7% rate base growth plans across the enterprise, a heavy focus on those jurisdictions with formulaic ratemaking with the kinds of frameworks that allow us to make the investment for the benefit of our customers to grow jobs and to grow that rate base. If you look at the trends we put out in the past while we're investing still -- planning to still invest substantially in Missouri, the growth is at a much lower pace, again, providing ourselves the opportunity to earn something closer to our alloweds. And again, as Warner said, making sure that we continue to control our spending in order to position ourselves for success there. Now transitioning over to Illinois, you're right, the formulae -- the changes or the modifications to the formulaic rates for electrics did pass both chambers with very strong majority of votes there, and that's now before the governor. And then as it relates to the gas legislation, things have -- I'd say stalled a little bit there. I think legislative interest has moved somewhat away from the gas formula ratemaking and is focusing maybe on something more like an infrastructure rider or something of that nature. May I remind you that with respect to gas in Illinois, we do have the use of 4 test years. We've got a gas rate case pending right now and incorporates those 4 test years and it's where things kind of stand in Illinois.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: I understand this week that the Missouri legislation actually hit a little bit of a speed bump. Just curious, are there specific concerns the industrial customers have and is there ways the legislation could be tailored to alleviate some of these concerns?
Warner L. Baxter: Michael, this is Warner again. The bill was debated last evening, as Tom said, and they ultimately did come to a vote. Certainly, there've been concerns cited by some of the industrial customers in terms of impact on rates and those types of things. And there have been efforts made to try and address that in the legislative -- in the legislation, and we will continue to have those discussions with those customers and other stakeholders to see if we can get something across the finish line. So we're going to continue to push to see if we can get something constructive done during these last 2 weeks.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And turning to Illinois, assuming that SB 9 is eventually made into law and assuming the litigation around the prior rate case kind of turns in your favor and upholds the law passed in 2011, is there still any remaining structural lag that exists for your Illinois distribution businesses? Meaning, are there are still some level of costs that simply aren't recoverable in rates? And if so, could you kind of quantify that level. Lots of state commissions don't allow things like incentive compensation or regional or local marketing costs, donations, that type of thing. Just trying to think about kind of what are the remaining drivers of lag, if any, once the whole legislative and litigation process plays out and assuming it plays out in your favor?
Thomas R. Voss: Sure, Michael. Thanks. There are some of those costs. And if you look back to our slides from our year-end call, we did outline some of those sort of structural things, if you will, that were there. When the law was passed in Illinois, while it did provide for formulaic ratemaking for the vast majority of costs that are incurred. Historical ICC ratemaking adjustments were preserved by that legislation. So we outlined some of those nonrecoverable costs. I think it was on Slide 13 of our year-end slide. Some of those nonrecoverable costs did include about $8 million of historical ratemaking adjustments. Those are the kinds of things that would be impactful going forward. This year, we identified some other things like $7 million of certain electrical system rework costs. Those, we expect to be -- they've occurred over a couple of years, last year and this year but we do expect those to diminish and to go away. So there are a little bit of things that continue to be there and then we have the opportunity and we'll continue to focus on those costs and make efforts to control and reduce those to the extent possible. But for the most part, Michael, the costs we incur in serving our customers, improving our service and reliability, are recovered through the formulaic process.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And then a broader transmission question. We've seen in some regions of the country, in New England and Colorado and California, intervenors come in and file at the FERC to dramatically lower the base ROE in some of the RTOs. We haven't seen that type of Section 205 or --- I think it's 206 litigation yet in the MISO or in the SPP, I don't think. But just curious, if it did play out and if you saw lower authorized base ROEs for transmission, how would that impact your views in terms of dedicating as much capital as you're planning to interstate transmission projects?
Martin J. Lyons: Sure, Michael. You're right in terms of we haven't seen that type of push here. I think as you know, our FERC-authorized ROEs aren't really incentive ROEs like you might see in some jurisdictions. But to your question, I mean, to the extent that the ratemaking treatment or the ROEs were changed, it detracts from the incentive that exists today in investing in these large regional projects. They are significant amounts of capital deployment. They do like -- do have risks associated with them. We believe that the ROEs that we've got are appropriate. And to the extent that ROEs were reduced, it certainly would affect ours and I think other companies' thought process is about the investment opportunity. Whether they were abandoned or not, I certainly won't speculate. I'm just saying that it certainly becomes less attractive and there is less incentive there to take on these big projects.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Paz with Wolfe Research.
David A. Paz - Wolfe Research, LLC: I just have a question on the utility guidance or, I guess, overall guidance. But it seems that the midpoint of your guidance $2 to $2.20 reflects a utility midpoint of $2.30. Is that fair?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. I think that is fair. The -- when we provided the guidance, which is now guidance from continuing operations of $2 to $2.20, we also mentioned that we expected for the full year parent and other costs of about $0.20. And so that would -- if you do the math as you've done, that would imply for the regular utilities about $2.30.
David A. Paz - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. And then just, I guess, what's driving that $0.05 increase in utility side?
Martin J. Lyons: Well, I think overall, as we go through the year, we've certainly seen -- I'll comment on a few things since you've opened the door on guidance, which I appreciate. First, on the -- I'll talk about maybe about the parent and other of about $0.20 that we see there. What's driving that is that -- as you go through sort of the accounting for continuing operations or discontinued operations, you've got to take costs that maybe were previously allocated to the merchant business. And to the extent that those aren't naturally going away with the business you're disposing of, you would continue to classify those in continuing operations. So some of the things driving that $0.20 are interest on the parent company that of about $425 million of parent company that -- which is about $0.10 of interest or so, and then there is G&A cost previously allocated to that merchant business that will be retained. For the time being, once the segment, the divestiture is actually completed, we'd certainly have the opportunity then to reduce and drive some of those costs out. And then there are other just sort of parent company costs that have existed through time that are in that $0.20. Then overall, with respect to utility results for the first quarter, as we talked about a lot of the improvement of last year was really driven by weather. We saw about a $0.10 improvement from weather overall. But when you strip out the weather and you look at weather normalized sales, overall, those were positive during the quarter. Overall, we saw residential and commercial sales up about 2% on a weather normalized basis across the company. And that was a positive sign and a little ahead of our expectations. We were expecting sort of little growth this year. We haven't really modified our expectations for the remainder of the year. We still expect little growth for the remainder of the year, but the quarter was a positive from that perspective. The sales versus normal, I mean -- meaning weather versus normalized, I should say, was a neutral. We didn't see much impact from weather versus normal conditions. So -- but we did see on the weather-normalized basis a bit of a pickup. And we would also expect to see for the remainder of the year some positive variances versus expectation in O&M, and we're also -- they are also expecting to see some positives from further infrastructure investment rate base growth in those areas where we have the formula ratemaking. So those are some of the drivers on the regulated side. I'd say that those -- we give the $2 to $2.20 guidance. It's $0.20 range. That parent company and other $0.20 is an approximation. I'd say probably, there's a little bit of a rounding up there. And so therefore, you derive $2.30. I'd say there would be a little bit of a rounding up there, too, in terms of the regulated midpoint.
David A. Paz - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. Just so I heard right, you said weather-adjusted -- weather-normalized sales were up 2% residential?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, residential and commercial combined across the company. And we were pleased to see it. We saw a little bit of a positive growth in the same categories in the fourth quarter of last year though, you may recall, I think others do, in the third quarter last year, they were down. So weather normalization is an approximation. And when we looked over the course of last year, we had some ups and downs during the quarters over the course of the year. We actually saw residential and commercial sales down a little bit versus 2011 levels. So we're happy to see this trend. It's good to have this starting out the year, a little bit of a positive trend, but we'll -- I think we've still got a cautious view for the remainder of the year.
David A. Paz - Wolfe Research, LLC: Got it. I appreciate walking -- you walking me through those steps. Just one quick question on the dividend. What is the way we should look at dividend growth going forward from here?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. We've talked in the past about payout targets in the 55% to 70% of regulated earnings range. And we've given out specific guidance on when to expect increases going forward other than to say that we do have the 7% growth rate planned in rate base. With that, we would expect to grow our regulated earnings over time. And as we grow those regulated earnings, we would expect also to be in a position to be able to recommend to the board increases in the dividend.
David A. Paz - Wolfe Research, LLC: Okay. So that 55% to 70% is regulated earnings, excluding the $0.20 or whatever that ultimately becomes of parent drag?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. I think that's a fair way to think about it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Kind of following up on the last one, actually. So you talk about $0.20 this year. You've talked about that abating somewhat. How much of that is due to the interest expense refi-ing in '14 and, I suppose, midyear and onwards. And how much of this is fundamentally just being able to reduce the G&A over time with the merchant gen segment out of the way now?
Martin J. Lyons: Sure. A good question. So the $0.20, as I broke it down, was probably about -- the $0.20, probably about $0.10 of interest and then $0.10 of G&A previously allocated to the merchant business, as well as some corporate overhead cost that we've had historically. So when you think about that parent company debt, as you know, $425 million of debt, 8.875 percentage or straight [ph]. In today's market, we'd be able to reduce that substantially, I think, better than -- cutting that better than 50%, Julien, maybe even by 2/3. So on an annualized basis, decreasing that $0.10 by $0.06 or so wouldn't be unrealistic on an annualized basis. You're right. The refi for that would be a May time frame of next year. And then with respect to some of these other costs like the G&A costs that are in the parent company number this year that historically have been allocated to the merchant business, that's probably about $0.06 over the remainder of this year. And we certainly can't reduce or eliminate those costs until the divestiture is completed. But then we we'd expect to be able to reduce those through time. We talked a couple of calls ago about the expectation that we believe we could eventually eliminate those fully. That may take through the end of '15 to be able to get there when they're fully gone. But we would expect to be able to begin to reduce those substantially next year. And so what we've said is we expect that $0.20 this year to go down to a range of $0.10 to $0.15 next year. And then those would -- those costs would further diminish the year after that as you get the full year benefit of the refinanced parent company debt and you fully reduce the drag from those G&A costs previously allocated to the merchant business.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So if I hear you're right, call it a run rate around '15 time frame, $0.20 minus $0.06 with interest expense, at least minus another $0.06, once you fully eliminate the allocated cost, so less than $0.10 easily.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, less than a $0.10 is what I'm getting as well.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: All right, fantastic. And then going over to the ATX side of the world, perhaps a little bit similar to the last question. When you're thinking about your successes on developments, what are the next important data points? And as you think about it, how do you feel about the execution on the -- just deploying capital, if you will? And maybe a secondary question off that, also looking at CapEx, how would EIMA change your CapEx outlook, too? Your EIMA, yes.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. I think I missed the first part of your question. What was the base part of your question?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Well, the base part was more ATX, how do you feel about deployment, what are the next key milestones in terms of it? I mean, it seems like there have been some developments in the quarter.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, no, there would, so -- in terms of outline, there have been good development. So certainly filed for the ICC Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity as it relates to the Illinois Rivers project, which is sort of a big centerpiece, multi-value project that we've got planned over the next several years, $1.1-billion project. As we updated, the staff filed some initial testimony. Overall, we saw it as positive, where the staff overall was recommending that the ICC grant a certificate for the project. We've recently, as you know probably, filed rebuttal. For the upcoming dates there, our ICC hearing is in the May time frame. And we're still expecting an order. And we're optimistic that we'll see the -- get the ICC certificate and be able to move forward then late this year with the right-of-way acquisition and next year with that full-range construction activities. So we're anxious to begin deploying capital relative to that project. We feel like the testimony we provided in response to ICC and others' testimony, we hope, was responsive. And we hope to see the ICC approval and begin to move forward. So there is -- those are some of the key milestones. Certainly, those -- the expectation of being able to move forward with that project on sort of the time frame I just outlined is really key to the overall plans we have to grow rate base at that 7% rate that we talked about earlier.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. And then EIMA, just I'm curious, like how much CapEx upside are we talking there?
Martin J. Lyons: Well, there -- what we did, we really -- if you look at our CapEx plans, we didn't substantially change those as a result of the ICC order the last year. We eliminated about $30 million of the planned capital spending for this year but didn't really substantially change the plans that we have longer term. We're certainly optimistic that we will see the appropriate modifications made to the legislation to provide the clarity about the legislative intent. And at that point, we'd be in a position to add back that $30 million of reduced capital spending to our forecast.
Operator: Our next question caller is from Ashar Khan with Visium.
Ashar Khan: I think most of my questions have been answered. Warner, I just wanted to -- just going back to the legislation, we know that end date of the thing. But what is like -- right, it has to first get passed from the Senate then go to the House? And if I'm right, is the bill in the House the same right now? Or does it have to go to a committee? Can you just walk us through what the path could be for approval? How does it go from one to the other and then get approved?
Warner L. Baxter: Sure, sure, Ashar. This is Warner. One, there are several vehicles that are still available in both the House and the Senate. You have your original bills, which are HB 398, House Bill 398, and then Senate Bill 207. If those bills would be approved, they would have to go through committees on either side of the House to move forward. And so a likely path to move forward now, between now and May 17, would be to amend and approve Senate or House Bill. Once -- so say a House Bill is on the Senate side and that has been amended by the Senate and sent back over to the House, then simply, the House can take that bill and vote it up or down. It does not have to go through all the committee process. And indeed, that's certainly an approach that's being considered in both the Senate and the House right now. So is it possible to get something done in the next 2 weeks utilizing those vehicles? The answer is yes. But as we said before, you have 2 weeks. And that still takes time to get through some of the processes. But it isn't as extensive as the original bill process we have today.
Ashar Khan: Okay. But just practically thinking, we have to see, say, some movement by the 12th or 13th of May. Is that a good point because it has to pass the Senate? Or can it all be done on 1 day, the last day?
Warner L. Baxter: Well Ashar, the only thing I've seen in Missouri politics and the legislature, it is pretty amazing how things can get done in the last few days. Having said that, the more time you have to move things, the better you are. And certainly, every day is precious when it gets down to the last 2 weeks. So I can't say there is a specific cutoff date one way or the other, but there are hosts of -- there are vehicles. But just because there are vehicles doesn't mean that there still aren't some challenges to get through both sides of either the House or the Senate.
Operator: Our next question comes from Neil Kalton with Wells Fargo.
Neil Kalton - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: Just a question -- a follow-on on ATX and the CPCN process. First question is, could you elaborate a bit on the staff position, what that kind of came back with it? And how you responded to it? What were the concerns? And the second question and separate from this is, I believe you're pursuing a couple of other meaningful projects with ATX in Illinois. And I want to know how you think about the likelihood and timing of these projects? What do we need to see happen to sort of push these into being -- happening? Would it be low growth, coal unit retirements, et cetera?
Martin J. Lyons: Sure, Neil. This is Marty again and -- one thing I'd refer you to overall what I thought was a good piece of testimony is the president of our transmission company, Maureen Borkowski, and the testimony that we filed recently in response to the ICC, to interveners in the case. But Maureen's testimony, I think, provided sort of an overview of the issues that have been raised or concerns that have been raised and the overall ATXI response to those. And she summarized well, I think, both the concerns, as well as the comments that we were providing back. And I think, Neil, overall, in my view, the interveners I mentioned earlier, the staff in particular, overall recommended that the ICC go ahead and provide the certificate. But there were questions raised about the need for certain specific substations. There were concerns or questions raised about the paths for certain segments of the overall project and the lines. And in that regard, we have provided testimony supporting why the substations we proposed are needed for reliability or other reasons and why the routing that we proposed makes sense. And I think there were also a number of stipulated sort of settlements reached with a number of parties that had raised questions along the way as well. And those were also, again, summarized in Maureen's testimony. So again, by and large, in summary, I felt like, looking at it, that overall that the project was certainly needed. The question was about the path and the need for certain elements. But again, we feel like we've largely addressed those in the testimony. So I think that's the Illinois Rivers project. The MISO has already approved a number of other multi-value projects back in December of 2011, the Spoon River project, the Mark Twain project. And then there are some other pending projects, like the Big Muddy River Project. All those projects, again, have been approved by MISO as multi-value projects and -- so the plan would be to go ahead and move forward with those projects over time. And I don't know that there is really anything pending in terms of further demonstration of need for the project. It's just a matter of sequencing the projects and moving forward on them.
Neil Kalton - Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Research Division: So just to clarify then, with those projects that have been approved by MISO, should we sort of expect those from an end-service date as being sort of outside the 5-year period. Kind of get the Illinois Rivers through and done and then as you kind of go in and go for other projects as well over time?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, that's -- I think that's largely a way to think about it. I mean, within the 5 years, there could be certainly some spending on those projects. But the overall transmission growth plans that we have certainly do extend beyond the 5-year window that we're presenting.
Operator: Our next question comes from Mitchell Moss with Lord, Abbett.
Mitchell Moss: Just a quick question on the Genco business. There's been some talk on the other -- from some of the other conference calls today that there's been some basis issues. Could you talk about whether or not you've seen any basis issues for some of your plants?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, sure. I think that -- over time, I do think that the -- historically, at the Illinois hub location, there has been some basis discount to Indy hub, which is typically looked at as a more liquid trading hub in our region. And what we've been seeing any way in the recent, say, 12-month time frame for the merchant business is probably a basis discount to Indy hub around the clock of about 12% or so. And we've seen those basis differentials certainly fluctuate over time.
Mitchell Moss: Did you see it widen at all in the first quarter?
Martin J. Lyons: It -- I can't comment specifically on the first quarter, but it has fluctuated over time. And a 12% kind of basis differential isn't historically out of the norm or abnormal when you look back to say that's some of the 2011 data and the like. So they just -- it does fluctuate over time.
Mitchell Moss: Okay. And was it -- do you see it as a general transmission constraints? Are there, I mean, just line outages over time? Or are there any other unique issues going on that you've observed?
Martin J. Lyons: I can't really pinpoint any unique issues as it relates to our system. The things you mentioned are things that historically have impacted basis differentials. So certain generator outages or transmission line outages, load fluctuations, all of those things can affect basis differential from time to time. We'll see basis differentials differentiate seasonally based upon demands on the system. So all of those things you mentioned, certainly, are contributors from time to time.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Levy with Avon Capital.
Andrew Levy: Most of the questions were asked, but just to kind of do some math here. I don't know if you'll be willing to walk through it with me, but -- so kind of based on starting in that $2.20 to $2.40 range at utility earnings that you kind of talked about for this year, right. I mean, that's...
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, well, what we did is we gave guidance for $2 to $2.20. And we said the parent and other were approximately $0.20, which would imply approximately $2.30 for the utilities.
Andrew Levy: Right, midpoint.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, so the midpoint, right. So we didn't give out that specific rate.
Andrew Levy: Okay. I follow you. I apologize. I said bear with me here. But then you seem to have like rate base growth of about 7% a year, if I'm not mistaken, which probably turns into about 5% earnings growth. And I know you haven't given guidance. But is that kind of a good ballpark to kind of think about?
Martin J. Lyons: Well, you're right. We haven't given that out. What we've talked about is that 7% growth rate in rate base and -- but I think if you model it out, you should see some sort of similar trend rate with respect to earnings. But certainly, I'm not commenting on specifically the 5%.
Andrew Levy: I've got it. So if you kind of did that and you kind of go back to Julien's -- answers to Julien's questions, I mean, you probably could look at earnings in the $2.50 type range for '15 and that's kind of what I'm thinking. But kind of what you said on the rate base kind of helps me with that. So I appreciate it. That was my question.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc Capital.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: First of all, you indicated the Illinois timing issue should be a headwind in the second quarter. Can you kind of quantify that?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question. So we did talk a little bit about one of the headwinds we saw in the first quarter compared to last year. It wasn't unexpected from our perspective but was just the timing of revenue recognition this year versus last year as it related to the Illinois delivery -- electric delivery service. So in Q2, we expect that to maybe a $0.03 negative versus last year.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: Is this going to continue to whipsaw around? Or do we lap this at some point and it stabilizes?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, hopefully, we'll see it stabilize next year versus this year. Maybe I can -- I'll try to describe for you sort of the phenomenon that's causing this though, which is that we're -- obviously, our earnings for the full year, our revenues for the full year, are ultimately determined by our actual costs incurred in that year. As we got into -- the last year was the first year, obviously, that we were accounting for this new regulatory regime, if you will. Going into last year, we projected what our cost of service was going to be. We projected what the ROE was going to be based on 30-year treasuries, and we had an expectation of how the Illinois law would be applied by the ICC. So as we went through the first couple of quarters last year, we were recognizing revenue based on those overall expectations. As we got into the third quarter of last year towards the end, we saw that the cost of service was less than the -- cost to service for the full year was going to be less than we had previously estimated. We had an ICC order, which changed our expectations. And the 30-year treasuries were coming out as well lower than expectations. Therefore, in the third quarter, we had a downward revision to the revenues that have been recognized over the first half of the year and then a further adjustment in the fourth quarter. So those -- the accounting model is still in place and we're still, say in this first quarter, recognizing revenues based on our full year expected cost of service for that business. So there still could be some volatility from year to year. But I would expect that to dampen over time. Last year was the first year where we're kind of working through this new process and, I think, probably bigger fluctuations this year versus last, than we should see moving forward. So in Q1, we estimated that the impact was about $0.08 in terms of negative impact versus last year. Due to that, as I mentioned, about $0.03 in the second quarter. We expect that, that then will reverse. As I mentioned, last year in the third quarter, we had a downward revision. We expect that then, year-over-year in the third quarter of this year, we would see a benefit. And it could be in the range of as much as $0.10 of positive impact in Q3, another $0.04 in Q4 so that over the course of the year, you're up a few cents versus last year.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And what's the order of magnitude of the Missouri Appeals Court depending on how that goes?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. So that could swing either way. And you'll recall that we have actually recognized a charge in the prior year of about $18 million or $0.04. So that could reverse. On the other hand, if that goes against us, it could be a negative of up to about another $26 million or $0.06. So it's a range of about a plus $0.04 to a minus $0.06 on that.
Paul T. Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., Research Division: And you would keep that in ongoing earnings or...
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. We have historically had that in ongoing earnings. And I would say on the minus $0.06, that would really be dependent upon how things ultimately played out with the commission on those remaining costs, so that we do have before the commission a request for accounting authority order on that to be able to defer and recover some of those costs. But we'll just have to see how all of that plays out.
Operator: We have no further questions at this time, Mr. Fischer. So I would like to turn the floor back over to you for closing comment.
Douglas Fischer: Thank you for participating in this call. Let me remind you again that this call is available for 1 year on our website. You may also call the contacts listed on the release. Financial analyst inquiries should be directed to me, Doug Fischer, or Matt Thayer, my associate. Media should call Brian Bretsch. Our contact numbers are on the release, as I said. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren, and good day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q4  (2013-02-20 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas Fischer Thomas R. Voss - Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President Martin J. Lyons - Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President
Analysts: Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC Ashar Khan Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division Scott Senchak Joseph DeSapri - Morningstar Inc., Research Division Dan Jenkins Terran Miller Phillip Pennell
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Ameren Corporation's Fourth Quarter 2012 Earnings Conference. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is| being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Doug Fischer, Director of IR for Ameren Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Fischer. You may begin.
Douglas Fischer: Thank you, and good morning. I'm Doug Fischer, Senior Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today are Tom Voss, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Marty Lyons, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; and other members of the Ameren management team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet, and the webcast will be available for 1 year on our website at ameren.com. Further, this call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast, and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on our website that will be referenced by our speakers. To access this presentation, please look in the Investors Section of our website under Webcast and Presentations and follow the appropriate link. Turning to Page 2 of the presentation, I need to inform you that comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the Forward-looking Statements section in the news release we issued today and the Forward-looking Statements and Risk Factors section in our filings with the SEC. Tom will begin this call with an overview of 2012 results and 2013 guidance, followed by a discussion of recent regulatory and business developments. Marty will follow with more detailed discussions of 2012 financial results, 2013 guidance and regulatory and other financial matters. We will then open the call for questions. Before I turn the call over to Tom, I would like to mention that we are now using the term "adjusted" to designate our non-GAAP earnings rather than our former term of "core." Let me be clear that we have not modified our approach as to how we calculate and present non-GAAP earnings. Only the designation has changed. With that housekeeping out of the way, here's Tom, who will start on Page 3 of the presentation.
Thomas R. Voss: Thanks, Doug. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Today, we announced 2012 adjusted earnings of $2.42 per share, in line with both our narrowed November 2012 and our initial year-ago guidance ranges. This is a decline from 2011 adjusted earnings of $2.56 per share, reflecting lower earnings from our merchant generation business. 2012 adjusted earnings from our rate-regulated utilities were $2.29 per share, equal to the level achieved in 2011, reflecting on the positive side of a full year of the 2011 Missouri electric rate increase and the absence of a Callaway refueling outage in 2012. These positive factors were offset by reduced Illinois electric delivery earnings, reflecting a lower allowed return on equity resulting from low treasury bond yields and required non-recoverable program donations related to 2012 implementation of formula ratemaking. The regulated utility earnings comparison was also impacted by the negative effect of warmer 2012 winter weather on electric and gas sales volumes.  Merchant generation adjusted 2012 earnings were $0.17 per share, a decline of $0.13 per share compared to 2011, primarily due to lower power prices and higher fuel costs. On December 20 of last year, we announced that we intend to exit our merchant generation business. As a result of this decision, we stated that Ameren expected to take a fourth quarter 2012 charge against earnings to reduce the carrying value of our merchant generation business's energy centers. The 2012 GAAP loss of $4.01 per share, which we announced today, included both this fourth quarter charge and a first quarter charge related to the merchant generation business. Together, these non-cash impairment charges totaled $6.42 per share. Marty will provide more details on our earnings in a few minutes. Moving to Page 4, I would like to highlight some key 2012 accomplishments. I am pleased to report that we posted our best safety performance in company history as measured by work -- lost workday away accidents. Further, our utilities recorded their best electric distribution system reliability performance in our history. In addition, Ameren Missouri's Callaway Nuclear Energy Center performed exceptionally well in 2012, running continuously since its November 2011 refueling. We also had several notable regulatory accomplishments last year. We obtained FERC approval for constructive rate treatment of Ameren Transmission Company of Illinois' Spoon River and Mark Twain projects, greenfield regional projects expected to enter service in 2018 and forward-looking ratemaking for Ameren Illinois' electric transmission business. Ameren Missouri received a needed electric rate increase in December of last year, with new rates that became effective in January of 2013, and our merchant generation business won unanimous approval from the Illinois Pollution Control Board for a variance to the Illinois Multi-Pollutant Standard, allowing all of its currently operating energy centers to continue operating through 2019 without derates or shutdowns due to state sulfur dioxide limitations. Finally, the Edison Electric Institute honored both Ameren Illinois and Ameren Missouri with the association's Emergency Assistance Award, recognizing both utilities for their outstanding response in restoring electric service to New Jersey residents in the aftermath of Hurricane Sandy. Turning now to Page 5. Today, we also announced Ameren's 2013 GAAP and adjusted earnings guidance range of $2 to $2.20 per share. The projected decline in 2013 adjusted earnings per share compared to 2012 reflects an expected loss this year in the merchant generation segment due to lower power prices as opposed to earnings before impairment charges in 2012. The midpoint of adjusted earnings guidance for our regulated utilities is $2.25 per share. Again, Marty will provide details regarding our earnings guidance later on this call. Moving to Page 6, I will now update you on regulatory matters at our utilities. We continue to believe that modern constructive regulatory frameworks, which provide timely cash flows and a reasonable opportunity to earn fair returns on investments, are in the best long-term interest of our customers in the states in which we operate. These frameworks support our ability to obtain cash on a more timely basis to reinvest in our energy infrastructure and also attract capital on terms which facilitate timely investments to modernize our regulated companies' aging infrastructure. And such investments enhance reliability and the overall quality of service we can deliver to our customers, as well as improve the environment and help us meet our customers' and states' energy needs and expectations. All this ultimately helps us deliver on our customers' #1 priority, reliability, and also assists us in creating well-paying jobs. As I previously mentioned, in December of last year, Ameren Missouri received approval from the Missouri Public Service Commission to increase electric rates. The amount of the increase was $260 million annually and was based on an allowed return on equity of 9.8%. These new rates went into effect on January 2. Through this rate order, we did make incremental progress in our efforts to enhance the electric utility regulatory framework in Missouri. The Missouri PSC rate order meaningfully improved the regulatory framework for energy efficiency programs and enabled us to launch the largest energy efficiency program in the state's history. In addition, Missouri PSC authorized implementation of a new storm restoration cost-tracking mechanism that provides the opportunity to recover cost incurred to restore service after major storms in a manner that is both fair to both customers and investors. The Missouri PSC also confirms some key provisions associated with the fuel adjustment clause. We continue to strongly believe that modernizing Missouri's energy policies to support investment in the state's aging energy infrastructure will clearly bring long-term benefits to our customers and the entire state of Missouri. That is why we, along with every other investor-owned electric utility in the state, strongly support the Infrastructure Strengthening and Regulatory Streamlining act filed in the Missouri Senate and House of Representatives a few weeks ago. This legislation is intended to modernizing -- to modernize Missouri electric regulatory framework by providing for a more timely recovery of investments that are actually serving customers between rate cases. This legislation is largely fashioned after the infrastructure recovery legislation that has been utilized by the water and gas utilities in the state. The proposed legislation also contains a cost tracker for certain operations and maintenance expenses. In addition, this legislation streamlines regulation while maintaining all the consumer protections in the current water and gas infrastructure laws, including very strong oversight and approval of these expenditures by the Missouri Public Service Commission before they are reflected in customer rates. Simply put, modernizing the regulatory framework in Missouri will allow us to modernize our energy infrastructure in a more timely fashion, enabling us to meet our customers' and the states' energy needs and expectations now and in the future while providing strong consumer protections and creating jobs. It's a win-win for everyone. Turning now to Page 7 and an Illinois regulatory update. In 2011, the Illinois General Assembly enacted the Illinois Energy Infrastructure Modernization Act. This act was designed to promote investment in electric utility grid modernization and promote well-paying jobs through establishment of formula ratemaking for electric delivery service. However, in our view, the Illinois Commerce Commission, or ICC, misapplied the act in our electric delivery formula rate orders last year. Nevertheless, we continue to believe that this formula ratemaking framework is constructive if properly applied. We have appealed the ICC's formula rate orders in state court, and we are also actively seeking a legislative solution in a 2-pronged effort to address the ICC's misapplication of the act. We have taken these actions to ensure that the goals of the act are realized. Further, we support legislation recently introduced in the Illinois General Assembly, which would provide formula ratemaking for our Illinois gas delivery service. As with electric delivery, this legislation would provide a framework for accelerated gas infrastructure investment and job creation. Last month, we filed a request for an annual increase in gas delivery rates of $50 million. The case is based on a future test year ending in December 2014. The increase we are requesting reflects in part costs we are incurring in 2013. Moving to Page 8, I will conclude my prepared remarks on our regulated utility businesses by updating you on a key driver of our expected future growth, our exciting plans to invest in FERC-regulated electric transmission projects. Customers should benefit from improved reliability in a more efficient electric system, and constructive formula ratemaking in place for these projects provides a reasonable opportunity to earn fair returns on investments in these businesses. Rates for both Ameren Illinois Company and Ameren Transmission Company of Illinois, or ATXI, are updated each year based on a forward-looking calculation with an annual reconciliation based on actual incurred cost, a provision that reduces regulatory lag. Also, ATXI has received FERC approval to include construction work in progress and rate base for investments in the Illinois River's Spoon River and Mark Twain projects, providing timely cash returns on investments. Given the customer benefits our transmission projects should provide, and FERC's constructive regulatory framework, we continue to move forward with plans to invest meaningful incremental capital in these businesses. In fact, Ameren expects to invest a total of approximately $2.2 billion in FERC-regulated transmission projects over a 5-year period ending in 2017. Ameren Illinois' projects are focused on local load growth, and reliability needs and investments is expected to approximate $1 billion over the same 5-year period. ATXI is focused on greenfield regional transmission projects initially within Illinois and Missouri and plans to invest approximately $1.2 billion over the next 5 years. Our single largest planned transmission investment is ATXI's Illinois Rivers project. This important MISO-approved regional multi-value project involves a construction of a new high-voltage transmission line across the state of Illinois. It will enhance reliability and create new construction jobs in the state. In November 2012, we filed a request with the ICC for a Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity for the approximately 400-mile transmission line route, with a decision on our request expected to be issued in August of this year. Once we receive the certificate from the ICC, we will begin to acquire rights-of-way for the transmission line, with a full range of construction activities expected to begin in 2014. Turning to Page 9, I would like to close my prepared remarks with a discussion of our merchant generation business. In December of last year, we announced that we intend to exit this business. Ameren no longer considers merchant generation to be a core component of its future business strategy. The volatility of earnings and cash flows of the merchant generation business, as well as the high degree of uncertainty regarding future returns on incremental capital invested in this business, are not in alignment with Ameren's current strategy. The announcement of our intent to exit the business follows a trend of decreasing earnings and cash flows from this segment since 2008. The timing and method of our exit from the merchant generation business is uncertain, with a sale or [ph] restructuring possible. In considering our path forward, senior management and the Board of Directors are focused on maximizing the overall benefit to Ameren, consistent with our legal obligations. While we are working to exit the merchant generation business in a prudent manner, let me reassure you that our management team remains highly focused on our regulated utilities, including growing our investments in jurisdictions with constructive regulatory frameworks so that we may better serve customers. I will now turn the call over to Marty.
Martin J. Lyons: Thanks, Tom. Turning to Page 10 of the presentation. As Tom discussed, today we reported 2012 GAAP loss of $4.01 per share compared to 2011 GAAP earnings of $2.15 per share. This 2012 GAAP loss reflects the previously discussed impairment charges resulting from the write-downs of the merchant generation business' energy centers. Excluding the items noted on this page, Ameren recorded 2012 adjusted earnings of $2.42 per share compared with 2011 adjusted earnings of $2.56 per share. On Page 11, we list key factors that drove the $0.14 per share decrease in 2012 adjusted earnings compared to 2011 adjusted earnings. The combined 2012 adjusted earnings results from our regulated utilities, Ameren Missouri, Ameren Illinois and ATXI, were $2.29 per share, unchanged from the level achieved in 2011. These flat regulated utility results reflected on the positive side of full year of the July 2011 Missouri electric rate increase and the January 2012 Illinois gas rate increase; the absence of a Callaway refueling in 2012 compared to 2011; and the 2012 favorable FERC order related to a disputed power purchase agreement, which expired in 2009, among other factors. These positive factors were offset by reduced Illinois electric delivery earnings, reflecting a lower allowed return on equity resulting from low treasury bond yields and required non-recoverable program donations related to 2012 implementation of formula ratemaking, among other things. Other factors negatively impacting the comparison of 2012 earnings to 2011 earnings included higher depreciation and tax expenses at Ameren Missouri. This higher depreciation expense reflected increased plant investment, while tax expense increased due to a higher effective income tax rate and increased property taxes. Finally, weather had a negative impact on both electric and gas sales volumes, reducing 2012 earnings by an estimated $0.07 per share compared to 2011. Winter weather was much warmer in 2012 than the near-normal temperatures experienced in 2011, more than offsetting the slightly positive earnings impact of 2012 summer temperatures. They were close to those experienced in 2011. While weather had a negative impact on the year-over-year earnings comparison, we estimate that weather benefited 2012 earnings by $0.09 per share compared to normal temperatures. Absent from this list of key 2012 earnings variance drivers is a change in weather-normalized retail electric sales volumes. Such sales to residential and commercial customers increased 0.3% in the fourth quarter of 2012 compared to the fourth quarter of 2011. This was a definite improvement from the 1.5% decline experienced in the third quarter of 2012 compared to 2011. Full year 2012 weather-normalized sales to residential and commercial customers declined about 0.6%. However, this was partially offset by a 2.1% increase in sales to industrial customers, with higher industrial sales in Illinois more than offsetting lower industrial sales in Missouri. Overall, we estimate that the weather-normalized retail electric sales volume decline reduced 2012 earnings by approximately $0.02 per share compared to 2011. While adjusted 2012 regulated earnings were unchanged compared to 2011, adjusted earnings from our merchant generation business declined $0.13 per share compared again to 2011. This was primarily the result of lower power prices and higher per-megawatt hour fuel costs, partially offset by lower depreciation and Operations & Maintenance expenses. These expense reductions primarily reflected the closure of the Meredosia and Hutsonville energy centers at year end 2011 and the first quarter 2012 impairment charge related to the Duck Creek energy center. Tuning to Page 12. I would now like to discuss the key drivers and assumptions behind our 2013 earnings guidance for our Missouri and Illinois regulated utility businesses. The midpoint of our guidance is $2.25 per share. In 2013, we expect to achieve an earned return of equity of approximately 9.1% on regulated utility common equity of approximately $6 billion. This guidance assumes a return to normal weather, reducing earnings by an estimated $0.09 per share compared to 2012 results. On a weather-normalized basis, we project little electric sales growth in 2013 compared to last year. Also, Ameren Missouri earnings will reflect the absence of the favorable 2012 FERC order relating to the disputed power agreement, reducing 2013 earnings by $0.07 per share compared to 2012. In addition, 2013 earnings will be impacted by the Missouri electric rate increase that went into effect last month, including the impacts of the MEEIA settlement regarding enhanced energy efficiency programs. Ameren Missouri's Callaway Nuclear Energy Center has a scheduled spring 2013 refueling and maintenance outage. This is expected to reduce 2013 earnings by approximately $0.10 per share compared to 2012 since there was no refueling outage last year. In addition, Illinois gas delivery and Missouri Operations & Maintenance cost beyond those resulting from the Callaway refueling are also expected to increase in 2013. This O&M increase includes a $7 million budgeted increase in Missouri storm costs, an amount which was incorporated into the December 2012 rate order and is subject to the new storm restoration cost tracker. Turning then to Page 13, we continue our discussion of the key drivers and assumptions behind our 2013 regulated utility earnings guidance. Our guidance incorporates our formula ratemaking expectations for our Illinois electric delivery business. Our earnings expectations for this business are based on an estimated 2013 year end rate base of $2.06 billion; an equity ratio of 51%; and an estimated formula midpoint allowed return on equity of 8.9%, which incorporates a forecasted 2013 average 30-year treasury yield of 3.1%. This treasury yield forecast is based on the Blue Chip consensus estimate as of January 1, 2013. Further, our guidance reflects the fact that several types of costs are non-recoverable in rates. These non-recoverable cost include approximately $8 million of ICC ratemaking adjustments. In addition, we expect to spend about $7 million this year on certain electric system rework that is not recoverable in rates. And finally, approximately $1 million of non-recoverable donations are required under the Energy Infrastructure Modernization Act, a reduction of $7.5 million -- or improvement of $7.5 million compared to 2012. We also expect higher transmission earnings from Ameren Illinois and ATXI in 2013 compared to 2012, reflecting rate base growth and reduced regulatory lag, reflecting implementation of forward-looking FERC ratemaking with annual reconciliations for Ameren Illinois in 2013. Moving to Page 14. I will conclude the discussion of 2013 earnings guidance by briefly touching on the merchant generation business and other category. Here, we expect a midpoint loss of $0.15 per share. The most significant driver of the expected earnings decline in 2013 compared to 2012 is a decrease in merchant generation margins of $0.45 to $0.50 per share, primarily due to lower realized power prices. We project 2013 merchant generation non-fuel Operations & Maintenance expenses will be approximately $270 million. Depreciation expense is expected to be approximately $0.17 per share lower in 2013 compared to 2012 as a result of the 2012 impairment charges. Regarding key Ameren-wide assumptions, our earnings guidance reflects in an effective consolidated income tax rate of approximately 38%, and the average number of common shares outstanding in 2013 is forecasted to be unchanged at 242.6 million since our dividend reinvestment and 401(k) plans are expected to purchase shares on the open market this year, as was the case last year. As I close our discussion of 2013 earnings guidance, I'll remind you that any net unrealized mark-to-market gains or losses will affect our GAAP earnings but are excluded from our GAAP earning guidance because the company is unable to reasonably estimate the impact of any such gains or losses. Adjusted non-GAAP earnings and guidance also exclude any net unrealized mark-to-market gains or losses. Further, earnings guidance is subject to the risks and uncertainties outlined or referred to in the Forward-looking Statements section of today's press release. Turning then to Page 15. We provide both our actual 2012 and projected 2013 cash flow information. As shown on this page, we calculate free cash flow by starting with our cash flows from operating activities and subtracting from it our capital expenditures, other cash flows from investing activities, dividends and net advances for construction. In 2012, we experienced negative free cash flow of $12 million. For 2013, we anticipate negative free cash flow of $435 million. The projected decline in free cash flow compared to last year reflects lower expected cash flows from operating activities and higher expected capital spending. Cash flow from operating activities is expected to decline compared to 2012, primarily due to lower adjusted earnings in our merchant generation segment. The higher 2013 capital expenditures reflect increased expected spending at our regulated utilities, partially offset by lower expected spending at the merchant generation business. We expect 2013 free cash flow to be negative for Ameren's regulated utilities, reflecting the significant investments we are making in these businesses. However, we expect both the merchant generation business segment and Ameren Energy Generating Company, or GENCO, to be roughly cash flow neutral in 2013, presuming continued Ameren ownership of the merchant generation business and/or GENCO. These expectations incorporate approximately $100 million for the merchant generation segment and approximately $60 million for GENCO of expected cash benefits from the Ameren tax allocation agreement. These actual -- the actual level of cash tax sharing benefits realized is subject to the realization of forecasted levels of taxable income or loss at Ameren and its subsidiaries. Further, these free cash flow estimates assume 2013 merchant generation segment and GENCO cash capital expenditures of approximately $50 million and approximately $45 million, respectively. Moving from a discussion of earnings and cash flow, I would like to comment on the recently received Missouri electric rate order and the recently filed Illinois gas delivery rating -- rate request. Turning to Page 16 of our presentation. As Tom already mentioned, in December of last year, the Missouri PSC approved an approximately $260 million annual increase in Ameren Missouri's retail electric rates. Of this amount, approximately $84 million is for recovery of higher net fuel costs, and approximately $80 million is related to the enhanced energy efficiency programs approved by the Missouri Public Service Commission in an August 2012 settlement. Among other things, the order incorporated a 9.8% allowed return on equity and continued the fuel adjustment clause with its 95-5 sharing split. Tom previously discussed several important aspects of this rate order, and I refer you to the information on pages 16 and 17 of our presentation for more details on this rate order. Moving now to Page 18. Last month, Ameren Illinois filed a request with the ICC for a $50 million annual increase in natural gas delivery service rates based on a future test year ended December 31, 2014. The ICC is required to issue an order in December of 2013, with new rates expected to be effective late that month. The key drivers of this request are rate base growth reflecting additional investment in plant, higher operating expenses, a requested increase in the allowed return on equity and lower usage by residential and small non-residential customers. Turning to Page 19, other aspects of the request include a proposal to increase to 85% from the current 80% proportion of the gas delivery revenue requirement as collected through the fixed monthly charge. This change would provide greater stability to customers' delivery rates and greater stability to Ameren Illinois' gas margins. We have also requested approval of an approximately $80 million plan to install advanced gas metering infrastructure over the 2014 through 2019 period, similar to the period over which we will be installing advanced electric metering infrastructure in Illinois. The concurrent installation of these systems for customers to whom Ameren Illinois provides both services will be cost beneficial. Moving to Page 20, I will summarize our projections for growing Ameren's investment in the regulated utility businesses over the 5-year period ending 2017. As you can see, we plan to allocate a growing and substantial portion of our investment dollars to utility businesses operating under constructive, formula-based regulatory frameworks. Nearly 30% of our planned 5-year $8.1 billion of regulated utility investment is slated for FERC-regulated transmission projects at Ameren Illinois and ATXI. Another 30% of planned investments for the 5-year period is for our Illinois electric and gas delivery services. We are also making meaningful ongoing investments in our Missouri utility operations, but these investments are expected to grow at a much slower rate than those in the FERC-regulated transmission and Illinois electric delivery businesses. However, as Tom mentioned earlier, we do believe it is in our customers' best long-term interest to grow our investments in our Missouri operations at a greater rate if the regulatory framework is modernized so that regulatory lag can be minimized. Turning to Page 21, we show that these aggregate regulated capital investment plans translate into expected rate base growth of approximately 7% annually from 2013 through 2017. With this growth most rapid in regulatory jurisdictions with constructive formula ratemaking, we believe we are on a path that will enhance our ability to earn fair returns on a growing level of utility investment. Moving to Page 22, I will conclude my prepared remarks by discussing our intention to exit the merchant generation business. As we stated back in December, we have begun planning to reduce and ultimately eliminate over time merchant generation's reliance on Ameren's shared services and financial support as a result of our decision to exit the business. We are focused on making this transition in an orderly manner. Ameren currently provides at cost approximately $30 million annually of shared services such as IT systems, finance, accounting and human resources to the merchant generation business. In addition, Ameren provides various forms of financial support to the merchant generation business segment. This support includes a non-rate regulated money pool under which merchant generation units may have access, at Ameren's discretion, to short-term intercompany borrowings. At year end 2012, GENCO had no borrowings from this money pool. In fact, it had $25 million of cash or equivalents on hand and was a lender to the money pool. Other financial support to the merchant generation business includes guarantees and credit support for coal supply contracts and guarantees for Ameren Energy Marketing energy contracts. Details of these guarantees and credit support will be provided in our 10-K. Further, Ameren guarantees AERG's obligations under the put option arrangements between GENCO and AERG. I would note that Ameren and AERG do not expect to extend the put option beyond its March 28, 2014 expiration. Of course, we will update you on our plans to exit the merchant generation business as appropriate over time. That concludes my prepared remarks. We will now invite your questions.
Operator: [Operator Instructions] Our first question comes from the line of Stephen Byrd with Morgan Stanley.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: I wanted to just touch on the disclosure, and thank you for the additional disclosure on the merchant business, as well as the increased spending at the utility. Regarding the merchant business, can you just discuss a little bit further whether you're taking action to actively evaluate strategic alternatives for the business? Or are you still more on the assessment phase? Is this something that is taking time with management? Is this something that you're actively pursuing at this time?
Martin J. Lyons: Sure, Stephen. I'll see if I can expand a little bit. Obviously, we put out the 8-K, suggesting that we expected to exit from the business. I think one of the things we tried today was to provide clarity that, that exit could take the form of either sale or restructuring. And as you would expect, management is spending time and attention with respect to those exit strategies and exit possibilities.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Understood. And just as a follow-up, you laid out shared services, which was helpful. Presuming that you did have a complete exit from merchant generation, should we assume that, that $30 million would not effectively be transferred back to the parent but would effectively -- no longer be an expense to the parent because those services are truly allocated and dedicated to the merchant business?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, Stephen. We would expect that in the event of a merchant exit, that, that cost -- the cost, that $30 million could be substantially eliminated.
Stephen Byrd - Morgan Stanley, Research Division: Okay. Substantially eliminated? So does that mean when you look at that $30 million, that it is -- that, that truly is allocated and you wouldn't see a substantial portion coming back to the parent?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. I guess what I'm saying is a large part of that is dedicated specifically to support of the merchant business. And so in the event of the exit, much of that cost could be eliminated. And so yes, that is what I'm saying, is that we would work to eliminate -- reduce and eliminate those costs.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Listen. On the guarantees and credit support for the coal contracts and for the Ameren Energy Marketing energy contracts, you mentioned that there's going to be some disclosure in the 10-K. Could you give us a general sense as to what the level of those obligations might be?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. Sure, Paul. I think that -- and we did list it in the script the way you said it. But I would say that these guarantees are actually primarily on behalf of Ameren Energy Marketing. And the extent of those right now, I'd say, is about $200 million of guarantees. And like I said, it's primarily for power transactions. The actual mark-to-market exposure under those is only about $25 million. But that's the -- I think that gives you a general sense of the scope. And again, there will be more details on the 10-K.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Okay. And then with respect to the CapEx numbers that you're mentioning at the utility and the fact that you're negative free cash flow there, should -- how should we think about the financing going forward? Because it looks like you guys have a lot of CapEx forecasted, if you're having your rate base go that much. How should we think about the financing and specifically, the potential for equity or equity-like financing in the next couple of years?
Martin J. Lyons: Sure. Well, when you look at the debt financing, I guess a couple of things. One of the things we've talked about over time is looking to keep the cap structures of our regulated entities in that range of, say, 50% to 53% equity, which is something that we would work to do over time. As you look at this next year and the negative $435 million, a couple of things to look at. One, we did finish the year with no borrowings under our credit facilities, a couple hundred million dollars of cash on hand as we go into next year. We would also look over time -- as we have in the past, we have the earnings and the regulated businesses that produced retained earnings, which are in excess of the dividends that we pay out. So there's -- those retained earnings are there to again build equity in the regulated businesses such that then we can also do some debt financing to cover this -- some of this cash flow shortfall. That said, as we move through time, like I said, we will look to keep those cap structures in that 50% to 53% range in terms of equity. Right now, we're not issuing shares under the drip of 401(k). As we mentioned on the call, we don't have -- we don't anticipate doing that in 2013. But as we move into 2014 and beyond, it's certainly a possibility that we would begin again issuing stock associated with those drip and 401(k) programs in order to keep the equity content within the regulated entities in that 50% to 53% range.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates LLC: Any sense as to how much those drips would be?
Martin J. Lyons: Historically, Paul, they were in the $75 million to $100 million range.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Ashar Khan with Visium.
Ashar Khan: First of all, I just want to congratulate -- I would just want to congratulate the senior management and Tom. Known the company for quite a long period of time, and Ameren used to be a premium regulated utility with one of the highest P/E multiples in the sector 20 years back. And I really appreciate you going through the strategy and returning it to its roots. And I would just hope the process is quick and fast because you deserve to be back to a premium regulated utility. And I just wanted to thank you.
Douglas Fischer: Thank you. Thank you for your comments.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: First, kind of following up on some of the GENCO discussion here, given the potential to sell the assets here, how do you think about some of the eventual tax benefits kind of akin to some of your other neighboring peers, they've discussed? Is there some kind of NOL benefit here we could be looking at?
Martin J. Lyons: Well, Julian, I can't comment on -- akin to our neighbors. But yes, I think that there has been -- some have written about. I think some have tried to take a look at, say, the deferred taxes overall at Ameren and then subtract out the regulated utility balances. And I would just caution that, I think, when you do that, you end up with, I'd say, too large of a number. There are certain deferred tax balances up at the Ameren corp level related to Ameren-specific things like employee benefit plans, whether they'd be deferred comp or share plans, as well as deferred taxes on NOLs and tax credit carryforwards and things like that. There are also -- in terms of -- if you start thinking about an exit of the business, there are also certain deferred intercompany gains that would be triggered as a result of the historical transfer of these assets out of the utilities. So there are a number of things that I would say make it difficult to get one's arms around what a potential tax loss would be associated with an exit of the business. The other thing, Julien, is I think the -- as you go through time, that tax basis and the assets change. So depending upon the timing of an exit, the form of an exit, whether it be sale of the assets, sale of the equity or restructuring, all of those things could result in different tax answers in terms of the potential tax loss. So we're certainly hesitant to try to put a precise value on that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. Another quick GENCO follow-up here. Noticed recently, PJM's website seems to suggest that you've been successful in transacting on power and capacity. I'd be curious, just to get a holistic sense, how much are you able to transact into PJM off of your portfolio?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. So, Julien, with respect to the merchant segment, they have about 117 megawatts of approved transmission from MISO into PJM for the planning years, 2012, 2013 and beyond. They've also been able to get an additional 530 megawatts of approved transmission from MISO into PJM starting in 2015. And so that's been approved, and there are also some other requests in the queue. But that's what's been approved at this point.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: So when we're thinking about modeling GENCO for the 2015, '16 auction year, we should expect you to be able to clear at least in some of these incrementals? Is that the way to think about it?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. That would be -- think about it, although you used the term GENCO. And I don't have the breakdown, but I think this -- I'm pretty sure that this transmission is unit-specific. And so some of it relates to AERG, and some of it relates to GENCO.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Investment Bank, Research Division: Great. Fantastic. And just a quick, quick follow-up on the put option. Under what scenarios -- if you can refresh our memories, when would you execute it? How do you think about executing it, just given the developments?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. So the execution of -- or the put option is really a GENCO decision, a GENCO board management decision. The put option expires March 31 of 2014. As we said on the call, we do not expect that Ameren and AERG would extend that put option beyond its current date, but it does go through the end of March of 2014.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Just wanted to ask on the regulated side of the house. Just -- can you talk a little bit about transmission investment, both at Ameren Illinois and at ATXI, just in terms of which one might be more front-end loaded, which one might be more back-end loaded? If I look just at Slide 20, your transmission CapEx roughly -- I think it's $340 million for 2013. It almost implies that both are pretty back-end loaded, but would love your comments.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. No, Michael. I appreciate the question. On Slide 20, though, and as you look to Slide 21 in terms of the rate base growth, I think, overall, the CapEx investment at the Ameren Illinois utilities I wouldn't say is really front-end loaded but, as we've talked before, is more ratable over that 5-year period. And -- whereas the ATXI transmission investment does become more back-end loaded. So it starts a little bit slower, particularly in 2013. But by the time you get to 2014, 2015, it starts to ramp up but gets to more peak levels out in the 2016, 2017 time frame. But again, the Ameren Illinois transmission spending is expected to be more ratable over that period of time.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. And on Ameren Illinois, the distribution side, I want to make sure I understand. In your guidance, are you assuming you earn on a year end rate base and not the weighted average rate base? And I know that's been a little bit of a disputed point between companies there and the commission and the legislature. Just trying to make sure I understand what's in guidance versus what you think the regulation and the legislation supposes currently?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. No, Michael, it's a good observation. You're right. We have baked in the year end rate base, so we are operating with the expectation that the legislation, as we understand it, should work -- will work that way in 2013. So we have reflected in there the year end rate base.
Michael J. Lapides - Goldman Sachs Group Inc., Research Division: Got it. Last item on the non-regulated side. I noticed you didn't provide hedging detail.
Martin J. Lyons: I didn't provide hedging details. I mean, given our intent to exit that business, I thought that providing those disclosures with long -- basically get to longer-term earnings and cash flow drivers were less relevant and wanted to focus more on the exit. That said, Michael, all of the data that traditionally we've provided in those slides will be provided in the 10-K. So you'll certainly have access to that information.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Senchak with Decade Capital.
Scott Senchak: Just a couple of questions. Do you expect the level of the parent long-term debt to grow over the next couple of years? In other words, will you be issuing any parent long-term debt?
Martin J. Lyons: We would expect, Scott, that over -- if you look at where our investments are being made over time, really being made at the regulated utilities and therefore would expect, consistent with past practice, that those investments would be financed at those regulated utility subsidiaries.
Scott Senchak: And the parent currently does have some debt, I think. In your '13 guidance, where is that interest expense allocated?
Martin J. Lyons: In the 2013 guidance, consistent with past practice, the interest expense is allocated to the merchant and other.
Scott Senchak: Okay. Got you. And is there an overall equity ratio that we should think about going forward to keep the overall business? And I noticed you mentioned the utilities are going to be 50% to 53%. But just wondering, as we model this to find out, what should we do for the overall company?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. Overall as well, we talked about over time at about that 50-50 kind of level. I think, as you probably saw in the stats that were attached to the press release, I think after the impairment charge, we stand right around 49% and we'd expect to be right around that 50-50 over time.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Joe DeSapri with MorningStar.
Joseph DeSapri - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: Can you talk a little bit about the thought process or considerations around pursuing the Illinois variance at GENCO? And then soon thereafter, deciding that the business still isn't economic despite receiving a desired variance outcome, kind of what sort of changed there?
Martin J. Lyons: Well, I'm not sure that anything really changed there. When you look back at the reason for pursuing the variance, certainly, the power prices are very low. The financial situation and condition with respect to GENCO and the merchant business suggested that a variance was really needed, that financially, we're just really unable to put money forward to complete the scrubber in the near term. And of course, we've provided, I think, a proposal that was overall environmentally beneficial in putting that forward. I think what transpired is -- or what's happened is that -- is simply a continuation of the same situation, that financial -- excuse me, the power markets continued to be very difficult. We saw over the course of 2012 not only a decline in near-term power prices but also a flattening of the forward curve and -- which make the outlook for the business even more challenging. So I wouldn't really say any difference. I would say it's just both a reflection of the same difficult conditions.
Joseph DeSapri - Morningstar Inc., Research Division: And a follow-up. Will those -- will that benefit of that variance allowance, could that potentially transfer to a new potential owner if the assets were sold?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. That's a variance that is -- variance was granted to Ameren Energy Resources.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Dan Jenkins with the State of Wisconsin Investment Board.
Dan Jenkins: First of all, I was wondering if you could give a little more clarity regarding 2013 debt financing plans. You mentioned you don't expect any equity issuance and that you're going to have negative free cash flow. So if you could just give us a sense of -- besides the debt issuance, I know you have $350 million that matures late in the year -- but just overall?
Martin J. Lyons: Sure, Dan. I think -- yes, you're on the right track there, obviously. We have a $200 million maturity in Missouri in July and a $150 million maturity in Illinois later in the year in December. As we think about it -- so I think those would be likely potential candidates for refinancing. As I mentioned earlier on the call, at year end, we also -- Ameren-wide had about $200 million of cash on hand and no credit facility borrowings. As we go into next year, we do expect that we are going to have these negative free cash flows at the utility businesses. So we'll we thinking about, Dan, the $200 million maturity in July at Missouri. But we'll be taking a look at what cash they have on hand, as well as what happens between now and July in terms of capital expenditures and free cash flows and then making the determination about the timing and the size of a debt offering with respect to Missouri. And similar, in Illinois, we are investing in Illinois, both in the distribution business, as well as in the transmission infrastructure, expecting to have negative free cash flows there. And again, we'll be taking a look at that, as well as in conjunction with that $150 million maturity, and assessing again the timing and size of a debt offering there. But you're on the right track in thinking about those maturities coupled with the negative free cash flows associated with those businesses.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Terran Miller with Cantor Fitzgerald.
Terran Miller: Just in terms of the generation business, I know you said that the timing is uncertain. But would you be disappointed if we got to year end 2013 and this had not been resolved?
Martin J. Lyons: Terran, this is Marty. No, I wouldn't say disappointed if we got to the end of 2013 and it wasn't resolved. I think -- as I said before, we're going to do what we believe is in the greatest overall benefit for Ameren, and we're certainly looking to approach this exit in whatever form it takes in an orderly fashion.
Terran Miller: Okay. And just a follow-up on the variance question. The variance was granted to, I believe, Ameren Energy Resources. If that portfolio is split, what happens to the benefits and the variances, i.e., if Gen files or is -- if it has to go to one buyer and the other assets go to another.
Martin J. Lyons: Yes, Terran. I know it's a legal question that I guess I'm not really prepared to speak to at the moment. I'm not sure whether each entity would individually need to comply with the emissions limitations of the variance, or whether there'd be a requirement to go back to the Pollution Control Board. So I wouldn't want to speculate at this point on how that might have to be handled.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Phillip Pennell with Mariner Investment Group.
Phillip Pennell: Just a quick one, going back to the interconnect question with regard to PJM and MISO. I know that there is some going back and forth right now between the 2 ISOs, and I was wondering -- you have any comments in terms of how you expect that to work out? And obviously, with -- I believe it's Elgin as the only plant that's got any capacity payments that it's receiving now through PJM, and you mentioned that it was going up to like 500 megawatts or whatever in 2015. Are the other gas plants that are currently in the area going to receive any of that as potential capacity payments?
Martin J. Lyons: Yes. Let me see if I can expand a little bit. First of all, Elgin is actually in PJM and so it is receiving capacity payments. But that would be in addition to what I noted earlier on the call, the 117 megawatts of approved transmission from MISO into PJM for 2012, 2013 is incremental to Elgin, as is the $530 million of approved transmission starting in 2015. And again, I believe that, that transmission that's been approved from MISO into PJM is power plant unit specific. And I don't recall whether the other gas-fired units actually would benefit from that transmission, those transmission paths. The megawatt of -- the megawatts I just talked about in terms of approved transmission is really obtained through sort of normal processes of working with PJM to get that transmission into -- from MISO into PJM. So it's sort of just part of normal processes that we've been working through. In terms of the broader discussions between PJM and MISO, we're certainly hopeful that we can get to a point where we have more complete capacity portability between MISO and PJM and -- but when and how those discussions may come to that end is difficult to predict. We're certainly hopeful that the conversations will be fruitful and substantial progress can be made in 2013.
Phillip Pennell: Okay. I mean, obviously, what PJM came back with last was not constructive. But I guess we'll just have to wait and see. Finally, you mentioned that moving forward with the unregulated business spin off or restructuring or whatever happens would be done within the context of your legal responsibilities. What are you referring to with regard to your legal responsibilities?
Martin J. Lyons: Certainly, as we think about the exit from the merchant business, we're certainly mindful of not only our fiduciary duties to the Ameren shareholders but also obligations that we have to the noteholders at GENCO. And that's what we meant by that.
Douglas Fischer: All right. With that, I think we're going to end since our time has expired. This is Doug Fischer. Thank you for participating in this call. Let me remind you again that this call is available for 1 year on our website. You may also call the contacts listed on our press release. The financial analyst inquiry should be directed to me, Doug Fischer, or to Matt Thayer, my associate. Media should call Brian Bretsch. Our contact numbers are on the news release. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren, and have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q3  (2012-11-09 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Doug Fischer - Director, Investor Relations Tom Voss - Chairman, President and CEO Marty Lyons - Senior Vice President and CFO Warner Baxter - Chairman, President and CEO, Ameren-UE
Analysts: Steven Byrd - Morgan Stanley Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Alex Tai - Standard General Ashar Khan - Visium
Operator: Greetings. And welcome to the Ameren Corporation’s Third Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this is conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Doug Fischer, Director of IR for Ameren Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Fischer. You may now begin.
Doug Fischer: Thank you and good morning. I’m Doug Fischer, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today are Tom Voss, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Marty Lyons, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, and other members of the Ameren management team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call is being broadcast live on the internet and the webcast will be available for one year on our website at ameren.com. Further, this call contains time sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today’s live broadcast and redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on our website that will be referenced by our speakers. To access this presentation, please look in the Investors section of our website under Webcasts and Presentations, and follow the appropriate link. Turning to page two of the presentation, I need to inform you that comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in the forward-looking statements. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the forward-looking statement section in the news release we issued today and the forward-looking statements and risk factor sections in our filings with the SEC. Tom will begin this call with an overview of third quarter 2012 earnings and 2012 guidance, followed by a discussion of recent regulatory and business developments. Marty will follow with more detailed discussions of third quarter 2012 financial results and regulatory and other financial matters. We will then open the call for your questions. Here is Tom, who will start on page three of the presentation.
Tom Voss: Thanks, Doug. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Before I discuss our earnings, I would like to acknowledge that terrible impact Hurricane Sandy has had on our fellow citizens in the Northeast. The storm has reminded us again, how the forces of Mother Nature can change lives. Sandy will no doubt go down as one of the worst storms ever to hit our country. Our thoughts and prayers go out to all those who have lost love ones from this devastating storm and also to those effected in so many other ways by the storm including those whose homes and businesses has suffered severe damage and loss power. At the request of Public Service Electric and Gas of New Jersey, Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois dispatched crews to respond to the storm even before hit the region, so that our teams would be in position to restore power as soon as possible. Currently, there are more than 650 Ameren electric and gas employees and Ameren contractors, nearly 250 pieces of heavy equipment deployed in New Jersey. I want to personally thank all of the Ameren personnel who are working long hours to restore power in the Northeast. Now I would like to turn to a discussion of our earnings and update you on other important matters. Today we announced third quarter 2012 core earnings of $1.33 per share, compared to third quarter 2011 core earnings of $1.57 per share. Third quarter was solid from an operations perspective with our system and people performing very well under extended severe weather conditions. Overall, earnings were in line with our expectations despite a challenging Illinois electric delivery rate order. The decrease in third quarter 2012 core earnings compared to third quarter 2011 core earnings reflect a lower results from both our Regulated Utility and Merchant Generation businesses. Ameren Illinois’ earnings were negatively impact by the Illinois Commerce Commission September 2012 rate order for electric delivery service and a change in the quarterly distribution of revenues and earnings resulting from formula ratemaking. In addition, Ameren Missouri’s core earnings declined due to lower electric sales and a higher effective income tax rate, partially offset by the benefit of our 2011 electric rate adjustment. Third quarter 2012 temperatures while warmer than normal or similar to those experience in the third quarter of 2011. Core earnings from our Merchant Generation business also declined compared to third quarter of 2011, reflecting lower power prices and higher fuel costs. Marty will provide more details on our earnings in a few minutes. Turning to page four, today we also affirmed that the $2.40 per share midpoint of our 2012 core earnings guidance and narrow the range to that guidance to $2.35 to $2.45 per share from prior range of $2.25 to $2.55 per share. The midpoints of core earnings guidance for our Regulated Utilities and our Merchant Generation business remained $2.30 per share and $0.10 per share, respectively. I’m pleased to also report that in addition to our solid operating performance during this past summer’s extended heat wave, two of our coal-fired Missouri Energy Centers recently earned positive national recognition. The Labadie and Rush Island Energy Centers were honored as the best performers for 2011 by the Electric Utility Cost Group. This honor demonstrates that our commitment to performance, cost efficiency and reliability is benefiting our customers. In addition, our Callaway Nuclear Energy Center has been performing well, running continuously since its fall 2011 refueling outage. Moving from earnings results and recent operation success, I would like to update you on regulatory matters at our utilities. Turning to page five of our presentation in Illinois regulatory matters. As I previously mentioned in September of this year, we received a disappointing order from the ICC in response to our initial filing for formula electric delivery rates. In response we asked the ICC to rehear certain key issues in the rate order because we believe they misapplied the Illinois Energy Infrastructure Modernization Act. Where the ICC denied our rehearing request last month and we have appeal the order to the States 4th District Appellate Court. Unfortunately, this disappointing ICC order jeopardizes Ameren Illinois ability to implement advanced metering and other infrastructure improvements, and create jobs to the extent and on the timetable envision by the General Assembly. Until the uncertainty surrounding how the Illinois law will ultimately being implemented is removed, Ameren Illinois is reducing its capital spending with corresponding negative effects on the job creation that the legislative -- legislature sought to achieve with the law. Specifically, Ameren Illinois expects to reduce our deferral of total $30 million of previously planned 2013 electric distribution capital spending. Besides appealing the recent rate order to the court, Ameren Illinois is also reviewing potential legislative remedies to ensure that the goals of the Energy Infrastructure Modernization Act are realized. Turning now to page six in Missouri regulatory matters. Our pending electric rate case is nearing a conclusion and our updated filings now support a $323 million annual increase. In this proceeding we are seeking recovery of costs and investments that we have already made to serve customers. Further, we are asking the Missouri Public Service Commission to approve to enhancements to the existing regulatory framework in the state. First, we are requesting approval of storm cost tracking mechanism that will provide the opportunity to recover costs to restore service after major storms in a manner that is fair to both our customers and our investors. Second, we are requesting approval of a new plant in-service accounting proposal. This proposal designed to reduce the impact of regulatory lag on earnings and future cash flows related to assets placed in service between rate cases. Approval of this proposal would encourage prudent incremental discretionary investments in our energy infrastructure and help meet our customer’s number one priority, reliability. Of course, these incremental investments would also help sustain and create new jobs. The evidentiary hearings in front of the Missouri PSC were completed last month. The PSC plans to issue an order in early to mid-December of this year with new rates expected to be effective in early January of next year. As Marty will discuss in further detail the largest revenue related issue and dispute in this case the allowed rate of return on equity. Moving to page seven, I will conclude my prepared comments on our Regulated Utility businesses by updating you on a key driver of our expected future growth a single largest plan investment, the Ameren Transmission Company Illinois River project. This important MISO approved regional multi-value project involves construction of the new high-voltage transmission line across the State of Illinois. We will enhance reliability and create new construction jobs in the state. Like all our Illinois transmission projects both those at Ameren Illinois Company and Ameren Transmission Company, the Illinois Rivers project will benefit from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commissions constructive rate making. This rate making provide for annual formula based updating of rates and a competitive return on investment. Further, last year, this project received FERC approval a constructive regulatory treatment, such as the inclusion of construction work in progress in rate base. I’m pleased to report that just last month we completed 98 Stakeholder Public Meetings on the route design for this project. And Wednesday of this week we filed with the ICC for a Certificate of Public Convenience and Necessity for the approximately 400-mile transmission line route, but the decision on this certificate reissued by July of next year. Once receive the certificate from the ICC we will begin to acquire right of away for the transmission line. Preliminary construction may start as early as next year with the full range of construction activities expected in 2014. Turning to page eight, in the discussion of our Merchant Generation business, continue to act to adjust this business to weak power prices in an uncertain timeline for their recovery. Earlier this year, our Merchant Generation business filed the request for a variance in Illinois Multi-Pollutant Standards or MPS with the Illinois Pollution Control Board. In our petition, we outlined our need for additional time to comply with sulfur dioxide emissions standards which were to become effective June 1, 2015. In exchange for delaying compliance with these standards until 2020, we propose an alternate compliance plan that restricted our sulfur dioxide emissions through 2014 to levels lower than those required by the existing MPS, thereby offsetting the environmental impact of granting the variance relief. I’m pleased to report that in September of this year the Pollution Control Board unanimously approved our variance request, subject to traditions that we have accepted. As a result, through 2019 we do not expect to have to de-rate or shutdowns any of our currently operating energy centers in order to comply with the state sulfur dioxide emission limits. Further, we have reduced our 2012 through 2016 Merchant Generation environmental capital spending plans by approximately $35 million, compared to our prior plans with 20 million of the reduction occurring this year. This reduction is primarily due to the vacated Cross-State Air Pollution Rule and the impacts of the MPS variance. To be clear, these spending plans are sufficient to meet the milestone conditions through 2016 that were included in the variance. That being said, we recognized that even with the relief granted by the Illinois Pollution Control Board, low power and capacity prices are impacting Ameren’s earnings outlook. We continue to look for every opportunity to reduce operating costs and enhance margins. With that, I will now turn the call over to Marty.
Marty Lyons: Thanks, Tom. Turning to page 9 of the presentation, today we reported third quarter 2012 GAAP earnings of $1.54 per share, compared to third quarter 2011 GAAP earnings of $1.18 per share. Excluding certain items in each year, Ameren recorded third quarter 2012 core earnings of $1.33 per share, compared with third quarter 2011 core earnings of $1.57 per share. Core earnings for the third quarter of 2012 excluded two items that are included in GAAP earnings. The largest of these non-core items was an increase in income tax benefit as a result of the first quarter 2012 non-cash asset impairment charge at our Merchant Generation business, and the GAAP requirement to recognize quarterly income tax expense using the annual estimated effective income tax rate. This item increased net income by $0.18 per share in the third quarter of 2012, entirely reversing the $0.18 per share decrease in income tax benefit recorded in the first half of 2012. We expect this item to have no impact on full-year 2012 earnings. The second non-core item is a $0.03 per share gain from the net effect of unrealized mark-to-market activity. On page 10, we note key factors that drove the $0.24 per share decrease in third quarter 2012 core earnings, compared to third quarter 2011 core earnings. Looking first at results of our regulated utilities, Ameren Illinois’ September 2012 electric delivery rate order and the change in the quarterly distribution of revenues and earnings under formula ratemaking reduced core earnings by $0.12 per share, compared to the third quarter of 2011. Moving to Ameren Missouri, electric sales margin reduced earnings by $0.04 per share, compared to the third quarter of 2011, reflecting lower electric sales attributable to energy efficiency measures and customer conservation efforts. While, we do estimate that warm third quarter 2012 temperatures benefited earnings by $0.10 per share as compared to normal temperatures, these temperatures did not materially impact the earnings comparison to the third quarter of 2011, because third quarter 2011 was similarly warm. Ameren Missouri earnings were also impacted by higher effective income tax rate, which reduced earnings by $0.04 per share. The July 2011 Missouri electric rate adjustment partially offset the electric sales and tax rate impacts, benefitting earnings by $0.05 per share, compared to the third quarter 2011. Finally, Merchant Generation Segment earnings were impacted by a $0.10 per share decline in margins, compared to the third quarter of 2011, reflecting lower power prices and higher fuel costs. This was partially offset by $0.05 per share of lower depreciation expense and $0.02 of lower plant operations and maintenance expense. Turning now to page 11, we have updated our 2012 cash flow projection. We now expect 2012 negative free cash flow of approximately $205 million. The decrease in free cash flow of approximately $15 million, compared to the projection we provided on our August call. Our negative free cash flow projection includes $138 million of premiums for long-term debt repurchases for our regulated utilities, Ameren Illinois and Ameren Missouri, which were paid during the third quarter. These premium payments were part of debt refinancing that reduced the weighted average interest rates on our utility debt and enhanced our debt maturity profile. As a result, we expect to recover these premiums over the life of the newly issued debt through the regulatory process. As shown on this page, we calculate free cash flow by starting with our projected cash flows from operating activities, and subtracting from it expected capital expenditures, other cash flows for investing activities, dividends and net advances for construction. Adjusting for the premiums paid on long-term debt, our adjusted free cash flow expectation is a negative, approximately $67 million. While we anticipate the 2012 free cash flow will be negative for Ameren as a whole, we expect that our Merchant Generation business will cover its own 2012 cash needs. Moving from a discussion of earnings and cash flow, I would like to provide further details on the regulatory matters that Tom previously discussed. Turning to page 12 of our presentation, I will begin with the earnings impact of Illinois electric delivery formula ratemaking. Under this ratemaking, reported Illinois electric delivery earnings for a given year reflected throughout for that year’s rate base, actual cost of service and formula-based return on equity, as well as ICC ratemaking adjustment. Also, it is important to recognize that quarterly revenues and earnings are impacted by the timing and amount of operating costs. As Tom previously mentioned, the ICC issued its order in our initial electric delivery formula rate case this September, and we’ve incorporated the impacts of that order into the 2012 core earnings guidance that Tom shared with you. To assist you in thinking about 2012 Illinois electric delivery business earnings, we’ve provided on this slide key inputs into the rate formula, including impacts of the recent ICC order. Despite our belief that the Illinois Energy Infrastructure Modernization Act calls for the use of year-end rate base and year-end capital structure, the ICC ordered the use of average rate base and the use of a hypothetical capital structure and we have reflected these ICC decisions in our guidance. Also, our guidance now incorporates an estimated average 2012 30-year treasury bonds yield of 2.9%, down 10 basis points from the expectation we shared on our August call. Further, our guidance reflects the fact that several types of costs are not recoverable in rates, these non-recoverable costs include approximately $9 million of ICC ratemaking adjustments. In addition, we expect to spend about $7.5 million this year on certain electric system rework that is non-recoverable in rates. And finally, approximately $9 million of the donations were required under the Energy Infrastructure Modernization Act. Of this total, $7.5 million was a one-time 2012 only donation to the Illinois Science and Energy Innovation Trust. Turning now to page 13, Ameren Illinois’ first annual update case for electric delivery formula rates is nearing a conclusion. On Wednesday of this week, the ICC administrative law judges, hearing this case issued their proposed order. While, we are still reviewing the proposed order, it appears to be in line with the order the ICC recently issued in the initial formula rate case. The deadline for an ICC decision in the update case is December 16th, with new rates scheduled to be effective in early January 2013. Moving to page 6, the ICC is also currently reviewing Ameren Illinois’ modified smart grid advanced metering infrastructure, or AMI deployment plan to determine if it is cost beneficial. We believe our filing strongly supports the cost beneficial nature of our plan.  Installing smart grid equipment and advanced two-way electric meters is critical to meeting the infrastructure enhancements required under the Illinois Energy Infrastructure Modernization Act that authorized formula rates. And such expenditures are a significant portion of the increase in capital spending required by the act. The ICC is scheduled to rule on our modified plan this month. Assuming ICC approval, we plan to begin construction of infrastructure in the third quarter of 2013 with the first meters to be installed in the second quarter of 2014. Turning to page 15 in our pending Missouri electric rate case, we have requested an updated $323 million annual rate increase, down from original request of $376 million. This changes the result of the normal rate case true-up process, a reduction in our requested return on equity to 10.5%, and the settlement of certain rate case issues. Our updated request includes $73 million related to higher net fuel costs, $80 million already approved by the Missouri PSC related to recovery of costs for enhanced energy efficiency programs that will begin in 2013 and $170 million for other non-fuel costs. In addition, we are seeking approval of a new storm cost tracking mechanism and a new plant in-service accounting proposal as Tom has already discussed. The Missouri PSC staff updated filing in this case supports a $210 million increase. The primary driver of the $113 million difference between Ameren Missouri’s position and that of the staff has allowed return on equity. The staff’s 9% recommendation compared to our 10.5% request, accounts for $88 million of the difference. On this page, we also list other key drivers of the difference between our requests and the staff’s positions. Regarding other rate case issues, the staff supported continuation of the Pension/OPEB, vegetation management and infrastructure inspection cost tracking mechanism. However, the staff called for changing the FAC sharing mechanism to an 85-15 split from the current 95-5 split. This proposed change in the sharing percentages is similar to what the staff has recommended in past rate cases. Further, the staff has recommended that transmission costs should no longer be recovered through the fuel adjustment clause, but instead should be recovered in base rates. We opposed this potential change as we believe it is appropriate to recover transmission costs through the FAC. These costs can be volatile and are unavoidable and outside of management’s control. Further, recovery through the FAC better matches the cost to be a member of MISO, with the benefit to customers received through off-system sales, which are included in the FAC. If the PSC decides to make such a change, we believe a full cost tracking mechanism without any limiting conditions should be put in place to avoid regulatory lag, resulting from under recovery of cost increases between rate cases. Finally, the staff has recommended that the Missouri PSC reject our storm cost tracking mechanism and plant in-service accounting proposal. In addition to the staff, other parties have filed testimony on several issues in the pending case. For example, Missouri industrial energy consumers and the Office of Public Counsel have recommended returns on equity of 9.3% and 8% respectively. The Missouri PSC is expected to issue its order in early to mid-December of this year, with new rates expected to be effective in early January 2013. Shifting to our Merchant Generation business, on page 16, we provide updates on our 2012 through 2014 four power sales and hedges. As noted last quarter, as a result of falling power prices, which reduced economic generation levels in 2012, we hedged an amount greater than our ultimate expected generation. This hedging in excess of generation has been or will be settled on a profitable basis by either using purchase power or existing generation to the extent that power prices improve. For 2013, we have now hedged approximately 24 million megawatt hours at an ever price of $36 per megawatt hour. Further for 2014, we have now hedged approximately 13 million megawatt hours at an average price of $38 per megawatt hour. Finally, turning to page 17, an update of our Merchant Generation Business fuel and related transportation hedges. For 2013, we’ve hedged approximately 22 million megawatt hours at about 2,350 per megawatt hour, unchanged from our August call. And for 2014, our hedges now totaled approximately 13 million megawatt hours at about $24 per megawatt hour. Our reduced coal hedged level in 2014, reflects a rebalancing of our mix of cool hedges to reflect desired cool quantities and an amount overall matching our four power hedge position. This completes our prepared remarks. We now invite your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from Steven Byrd with Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Byrd - Morgan Stanley: Good morning.
Tom Voss: Good morning, Steven.
Steven Byrd - Morgan Stanley: I was just curious. First, on your outlook for power prices, there’s sort of an ongoing debate about the impact of upcoming environmental regulations on the price of power and weather. The four price of power is really fully accounting for all those environmental costs, particularly post election the questions are coming up a lot? I was just curious, as you think about the Midwest and the amount of potential economic retirements that we are seeing out there. And as you look at the four power markets, do you have any general comments on what you’re seeing out there?
Martin Lyons: Yeah. Steven, I mean it’s a good question. I think it’s always been. This is Marty by the way. It’s always difficult to speculate on what’s going to happen with forward power prices. I mean, our view, I think along with others is that forward power prices today are obviously pretty low, certainly, reflecting the continued weak economy and the low gas prices. We do expect that over time, especially when you look out to the MATS rules that take effect out in 2015-2016 timeframe that you will see the need for folks to either make additional expenditures or for higher cost generation to shut down. I think, MISO has estimated as much as 12,000 megawatt hours of production across the MISO footprints. So those types of things will certainly, I think, over time put pressure on capacity prices, if not power prices.
Steven Byrd - Morgan Stanley: Okay. Great. Thank you. And so related question, just as you think about the merchant business, you’ve laid out for 2012. The business is able to fully fund itself. It’s not cash-flow negative. As you think about the outlook for that business, from a strategic point of view, is there a sense that through strategic activity, cost cutting could be achieved, greater scale could be achieved. And is there a view that greater skill is needed in general in the merchant generation business or just -- if you won’t mind just giving an update on how you think about strategically your merchant business?
Martin Lyons: Stephen, I think a couple of things. First of all, you talked about the cash flows. And I think as we said in the call, certainly we’re expecting the business to cover its cash needs this year. From time-to-time, we get questions about Genco, in particular. They started the year out with about $82 million of cash and advances to the money pool as of September 30th. They still had about $57 million of cash and advances to the money pool combined by $57 million. And as you know, have the ability to sell gas-fired assets or exercise put option to -- for liquidity purposes. So those options are out there as well as they certainly expect going forward. They have the benefit of certain net operating losses that they’ve got as well. So there are some tools in the toolkit in terms of liquidity and cash flows in the short term. Longer term, strategically, I think it’s something that we’ll continue to evaluate -- obviously I think the larger scale platforms that are out there. There are certain synergies that you can have. I think as we’ve managed this business over time, we certainly gotten some synergies by the overall combination of the entities that we have. But going forward, it’s something that we will continue to consider the nature of our overall hybrid mix.
Steven Byrd - Morgan Stanley: Great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Good morning.
Tom Voss: Good morning, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Just quickly on whether, it sounds like there were $0.10 above normal for the quarter, I believe. Could you give us a sense as to what the weather-normalized growth is for the quarter and year-to-date in Illinois and Missouri. And whether or not, you’re seeing any decrease in weather-normalized sales, particularly, excuse me, in Missouri and the potential for regulatory lag in that jurisdiction. We heard something today that that might indicate that’s a potential with another company?
Marty Lyons: Yeah. I don’t know about the other company, you’re referring to Paul, but -- certainly, this is Marty. Again, I can certainly comment overall. We did estimate about $0.10 per share of positive impact from weather in the third quarter versus normal. And we also mentioned in our prepared remarks that overall, we thought Missouri electric sales negatively impacted earnings by about $0.04 versus last year. And that’s the case with $0.10 versus normal positive weather impact in the quarter. As we looked at the weather this year versus last year, we thought the impact was about flattish or no impact. You may recall that we had a warm summer last year. It was kind of a persistent warm summer whereas this year we have some heat in June, extreme heat in July and then it kind of, dropped off to more normal conditions for the remainder. What we saw this year is that as we have those extremes in heat and we quantified as I said the impact to be about $0.10, when we looked at the weather normalized sales, they were actually down. And so when you look at the statistics page we provided, you’ll actually see that residential and commercial sales were down year-over-year. And again remember, that we believe that overall weather was about flat. So those sales declines which you are seeing are sort of weather-normalized sales decline. Now, as we know weather normalization is somewhat art and somewhat science. So that’s why we say in particular talking point of some of that reduction in overall weather-normalized loads maybe because of customer conservation efforts as they receive some of the higher bills from the June and July timeframe. But getting back to your question, I mean, that’s in Missouri for the quarter was in Missouri residential sales on a weather normalized basis down between 1.5% to 2%, same kind of pattern in the commercial sector. In Illinois, we saw a little bit greater decline in residential usage and the commercial was actually a slight positive. So overall, for Ameren, in the quarter what we saw on a weather-normalized basis was residential sales down a little over 2%, commercial sales down between 0.5% and 1%. So we saw some -- again some weather normalized declines in the quarter and again how much of that may have been a reaction to the extreme weather in some of the bills people received is difficult to know. We expected coming into the year to have about residential, commercial sales about 0.5% to 1% of growth. What we’re now expecting for the year, Paul, is that residential sales to be down somewhere around 0.5% for the year, still expecting to see some commercial growth, however, up to 0.5%. I think on industrial side, we’re seeing pretty flat loads in terms of industrial sales in Missouri. While we’re still seeing some growth in Illinois, we’re seeing growth year-to-date in Illinois of about 3.9% and we’re expecting for the year all across Ameren to have growth of about 2.7%.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: That means, in terms of regulatory lag and going forward, I mean with the conservation efforts that we’ve seen actually around the country for a while now, or whatever it is, least usage. How should we think, is your potential for regulatory lag in Missouri that you guys are -- or did not, I guess, and this really briefly on the merchant, depreciation went down about $0.05. Was that because of Duck Creek or was it anything else?
Marty Lyons: Let me have that one and then maybe I actually got Warner Baxter talk about Missouri but yeah, you may look back. When you look back to our beginning of the year guidance compared to now. Our actual guidance today is about $0.05 higher than it was at the beginning of the year. And in part that is because of the Duck Creek write-off which then positively impacted depreciation and that’s about $0.05 for the year. So that is part of that, Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: It looks like it was $0.05 for the quarter though.
Marty Lyons: Yeah. We also, I think the other thing that we did in the quarter that you’ll see in the 10-Q is we actually did adjust some of our asset retirement obligations for certain ash pond closures and that had a little bit of an impact as well.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay.
Warner Baxter: And Paul, this is Warner. Just a couple of things to keep in mind, number one with regard to these lower sales. Be mindful, that we’re in the mindful of our current rate case. So consequently, we update our billing units for the lower sales levels. And so those were done through June. And so a piece of the things that you’re seeing at least throughout 2012 are part of our overall rate increase request that you see today. But secondly -- but you have to be mindful of is that as we go forward, I think Marty mentioned during the talking points that that we had a new energy efficiency regulatory framework that’s been put in place. So we’re going to be moving on in some additional energy efficiency programs which obviously going to be beneficial for our customers but also as part of that, we’re going to now recover our program costs but also will be able to recover the loss fixed costs or the loss revenues associated with some of those. That’s part of the existing rate case as well and frankly, a settlement that the commission is already approved. And so I think there is still risk to be clear for regulatory lag associated with conservation efforts. We have taken steps with this rate case and with our new energy efficiency proposal to try and mitigate that to some extent.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I’ll let other people ask question. Thank you.
Warner Baxter: Thank you, Paul.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question. Paul, you line is live Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Hi. Good morning.
Tom Voss: Good morning, Julien.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: First, quick question on the quarter with regard to Illinois to $0.012. Could you break that apart in terms of the distribution versus the quarterly shift, versus the earnings under the rate making?
Tom Voss: Well, I guess, we’ll break it down this way, Julien. I think about the -- I attribute about $0.05 of that total of the 12 to the impacts of the rate order that we received. And the remainder of it really having to do with the distribution of revenues and earnings?
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Great. And so next year, should we see this more normalized given the fact that the rate making has been in effect for the balance of this year. So this will kind of go away year-on-year?
Tom Voss: Yeah. I think it should normalize year-over-year. And I think what we’ll do is we move into next year to see whether we can, if there is any variation that we can foresee and project, we’ll certainly provide that. But certainly, what it has to do with is, this year, what we’re trying to do under the formula rate making is preserve some of the seasonality of the revenue requirement. But as you go through the year and there are changes in the estimated overall revenue requirement for the year than those are adjusted within the quarter, which is one of the things that impacted us here in this quarter. I think Julien, in terms of the drivers on our slide 12, drivers have overall electric DS earnings, we try to lay out some of the overall drivers as we see them right now, given the impacts of the ICC order.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Great. Quick follow-up there, you discussed lower CapEx in Illinois, I believe for ‘13. Can you, kind of, provide a little bit of a sense on a go-forward basis. What kind of capital expenditure reductions we could potentially see depending on what happens upon re-hearing et cetera. Where could this go ultimately?
Marty Lyons: Well, I think there is something that we’ll have to evaluate over time. Obviously, we gave the 2013 number. What impactor is on 2014 or beyond is something that we have to evaluate as we move through time. Our focus right now as you heard in our talking points is trying to get the legislative intent and corporate it into the rate making process. We still do believe that over the long-term, they formulate a great model attended by the Energy Infrastructure Modernization Act. It is good for Ameren Illinois and its customers and so we’re certainly appealing the decision of the ICC to the courts. And as we noted in our prepared remarks, again considering what legislative remedies might be possible.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: But just to be clear, it wouldn’t necessarily impact any of your commitments under the formula rate making?
Marty Lyons: That’s true, we’ve made commitments under the formula ratemaking and so we look at our capital ventures, so certainly to the extent we’re participating in the formula ratemaking. We will fulfill our commitments under the law.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Great. Thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Hi, guys. Just curious what are -- how you -- when you think how structurally across both the Missouri and Illinois regulated businesses, what are the structural impediments to earning your authorized rate of return. Which ones tend to be kind of the biggest drivers that keep you from being able to do so?
Marty Lyons:  Yeah. Sure. Yeah. Michael, this is Marty, again. I think let’s start with Illinois. I think when you look at the slide that we provided, slide 12. You see some of those impacts as it relates to the Illinois electric delivery business in terms of ratemaking adjustments at certain costs that are incurred that are non-recoverable, which we’ve laid out again for the electric distribution business thereon on slide 12. Other things I remind for instance as weather sometimes. I mean, for example on our gas business this year in Illinois, earnings are down roughly $0.03 because of weather. So that type of thing can certainly drive it down. And then I think Michael, I think you and others have this baked into your overall analysis in Illinois. But I just remind you that the goodwill in Illinois is deducted out for ratemaking purposes, against the equity in that overall business. So and that’s always been the case that’s not something that’s new, that’s historical ratemaking adjustment. But again, I’d remind you of that.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Okay. Thanks, guys. Much appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question comes from Alex Tai with Standard General. Please proceed with your question.
Alex Tai - Standard General: Hi, guys. How you are doing?
Marty Lyons: Good morning.
Alex Tai - Standard General: I just had a question on -- and I believe you commented on just previously, but I just, we can get more specific on in terms of -- and you said previously that you would be able to comply with [mac] without undertaking scrubbing program for Newton in your merchant gene segment and obviously that’s sort of irrespective of the deep variances recently granted. I was just wondering, maybe you could provide a little bit more detail on how you think you can there in terms of compliance and is that sort of baked within your current CapEx plan?
Marty Lyons: Sure. Yeah. This is Marty again, you are correct on all that. I mean that is consistent with what we said in the past. One of the reasons that we were pursuing the variance from the Multi-Pollutant Standard with the Illinois Pollution Control Board was in fact that we were able to comply with the match rules without that scrubber. And it was really these Illinois rules that were imposing the need to construct that scrubber. So, we do believe that the capital expenditure plans that we’ve laid out, will -- while as to comply with MATS. And it’s really a function of a number of things. It’s a function of the investments that we’ve already made in our plans overtime. We’ve made significant investments in pollution control equipment. We also burned low sulfur coal, which helps with our overall missions. And as a result of compliance with the Multi-Pollutant Standard Illinois we are already using significant amounts of activated carbon for control of mercury. So, through the -- I’d say the compliance with the Multi-Pollutant Standard, we’ve actually built into our operations of those things that are needed to comply with the MATS rules.
Alex Tai - Standard General: Okay. Great. Thanks, guys.
Operator: Our next question comes from Ashar Khan with Visium. Please proceed with your question.
Ashar Khan - Visium: Marty, I just wanted to reconfirm what you’re saying -- as you look from ‘12 to ‘13, is this $0.12 recovered or is this just lost and there’s no positive delta year-over-year?
Marty Lyons: Yeah. It’s not really the $0.12 year-over-year. I think that what is more permanent, I would say until we get either of some fixed to the ICC ratemaking to conform with the act or otherwise adjust our spending or capital structure. I guess what I am saying to that point you back to slide 12 again. I think those are really the drivers of the earnings and as I said earlier the $0.12 when you break it down was really $0.05 having to do with the ICC rate order, and then remainder just really been seasonality of the revenue requirement earnings under formula ratemaking. We try the provide on slide 12 though we are more -- it was more a straightforward build up or provide you with a straightforward building blocks to build up to the revenue requirement as we see it today, given the ICCs rate order.
Ashar Khan - Visium: Okay. Okay. Thanks.
Marty Lyons: Yeah, Ashar. Thank you.
Operator: We have a follow-up question from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Hey, good morning. Just a couple of quick ones on the Genco side of the house real quickly. In terms of the fuel hedge I notice that the 14 number actually kind of stepped up by $0.50 there. I think, it’s little less than we’ve been intuitive given some of the recent trends to just be curious?
Marty Lyons: Yeah. Julien, that’s right. And so in our prepared remarks, we tried to provide a comment on this. What we did do in the quarter was rebalance our mix of coal hedges a little bit and then rebalancing of the coal hedges actually impacted the average price a little bit. As you see in that too, you might notice that the coal hedge present -- the coal hedge number dropdown from about $14 million megawatthours to $13, which also aligns with the forward power sales that we’ve made about $13 million megawatthours. So, it was a bit of rebalancing of the coal hedge mix. Yet remember, these are -- we round off to the nearest $0.50. So there is a little bit of rounding in there that coal hedge rebalancing wasn’t a full $0.50 sort of impact and -- but that was I’d say one of the drivers.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Great. And then the second question here, I mean, obviously you talked about free cash flow break-even for Genco. I’ll be curious, how do you think about execution of the put options specifically your queue alludes to losing access to some of your other sources of liquidity at some point. Would you imagine execution that we put in tandem with some of the other liquidity source losses, do you get what I am saying?
Marty Lyons: Yeah. I know you would necessarily be in tandem with the other liquidity source losses. Like I said, they still as we figured well at 9/30, they had about $57 million of both cash and the money pool advances on the balance sheet. So, we will be thinking about that as we look at the overall cash flows going into next year and the year beyond what the available cash is, as they again seek to cover their own cash needs. And then making a decision about what the right course of action is in terms of execution of that option.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Right. So effectively to be clear, once you roll off of the existing cash balances at that point you will probably take a look at execution.
Marty Lyons: Well, that’s right. To the extent that the cash balances roll down and if we were in a position where we didn’t see the ability for them to meet their own cash needs certainly then would be in a position where we would be executing the put option. But again, right now, I mentioned sort of the overall liquidity that they’ve got.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Right. Absolutely, and just to be clearly also, if you would execute the put option, if you would you expect to sell those assets in turn, do you kind of -- would this be a transition or anything or would you effectively intend to keep those new assets at the new subsidiary?
Marty Lyons: Well, I guess only the end of the day we have the option to do either, but certainly the idea was that if Genco exercise to put, obviously they get $100 immediately. They get the remainder of any excess to the fair value over the $100 million as determined by the appraisals at closing. And then AERG, we would actually then have those assets, we’ll have the ability to -- so one or all of those in order to reduce outstanding borrowings resulting from the put.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Right. Fantastic.
Marty Lyons: Yeah. Exactly.
Operator: Our next follow-up question is from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question. Paul, your line is live.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Sorry about that. Can you hear me.
Marty Lyons: Yeah.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: The ash pound ARO is that just for the quarter or is there an ongoing impact associated with that?
Marty Lyons: No. It just for the quarter. We periodically actually update our estimates. These ones in particular that had to do with Meredosia and Hutsonville and some of the closure there. As we are working through the closure of those facilities and had better estimates on the overall cost, it’s really one-time kind of impact.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: The severe weather that you mentioned in the release. I gather that and also in your comments that’s this hot weather that you guys incurred in the summer, were there any new peak this summer, just in terms of I know what you gave us sort of megawatthour declines but was there any how to peak -- how was peak compared to megawatthour volume if you follow me?
Marty Lyons: I think we comment on some of the peaks. Actually, last quarter but I will let maybe Maureen Borkowski talk about the overall system peak …
Maureen Borkowski: Yeah. From our systems standpoint, we did set a new all time peak. Being at 2008, I believe was a previous all time. Within the two individual systems either Ameren Illinois or Ameren Missouri, Ameren Illinois set a new peak but Ameren Missouri did not exceed it’s all time peak.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then just finally, given this outlook that we’ve seen around the country and the memories to serve the gas industry LBCs and how we took some to come around to decoupling just any thoughts there about way to sort of mitigate the potential issue that we might be seeing here. Also considering that it seems the Missouri seems to have and other jurisdictions around the country, Warner have conservation what have you any thoughts about decoupling or how should we think about that and how you guys approaching that kind of issue?
Warner Baxter: Hi, Paul. This is Warner. I can speak from Missouri. Certainly, we don’t rule decoupling out and in fact other than discussions at decommission as to whether decoupling is an approach forward. And so there is no formal docket on that but that’s certainly one thing we look. But in part, that’s why we took the steps that we did and we’re able to achieve a meaningful enhancement for energy efficiency that was a meaningful stuff change. Because absent that those energy efficiency programs really could not move forward. And so you look at decoupling you may look at other regulatory mechanisms that would try and address energy efficiency issues or conservation issues. It’s not something that’s imminent, but it’s certainly something that’s on our list of things that we have to continue to look at. As you right for the point out the environment changes a bit from what we’ve seen in the past. Ultimately, what we are pushing from trying to do in Missouri and certainly Illinois is we can promote economic development to try and get growth not just from our residential, commercial but also to get investment made in the state. So, we can put people back to work and actually get electric sales growth from that perspective as well.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Great.
Marty Lyons: This is Marty. Couple of other things, I mean, just a reminder, in Illinois of course with the formula rates, I mean one of the benefits is that we do have the formula rates and there is a caller on the overall earned ROE or the lot of ROE plus or minus 50% basis points. So certainly, there is a provision within that overall formulaic rates that’s certainly helpful. The other thing know is well -- this year again, I think maybe because of some of the weather we’re certainly seen more flattish residential and commercial loads. Like I said, we are still seeing industrial loads growing in Illinois. And as we look at overtime, we do expect to see some level of GDP growth overtime and with it even after the impact of energy efficiency, do you still expect to see growth and electric demand and maybe a less than what we’ve historically seen but nonetheless expect to see growth in the electric demand as a company anyway going forward.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Did you have any ratio associated with GDP that you can share with us that you are expecting in terms of that, I mean in terms of what percent I mean if you have 2% GDP growth what that would translate in terms of the electric growth, do you guys have this estimation or?
Marty Lyons: Yeah. I don’t have it in my finger tips…
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay.
Marty Lyons: Updated one but like I said I think overall we certainly are expecting net of energy efficiency that relationship, that ratio to be less than that historically has been, but nonetheless they are all positive.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Thank you.
Operator: There are no further questions in queue at this time. I would like to turn the call back over to management for closing comments.
Doug Fischer: This is Doug Fischer. Thank you for participating in this call. Let me remind you again that this call is available for one year on our website. You may also call the contacts listed on the release. Financial analyst enquiry should be directed to me Doug Fischer or Matt Thayer, my associate. Media should call Brian Bretsch. Our contact numbers are on the news release. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren.
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2012 Q2  (2012-08-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Doug Fischer – Director of IR Thomas Voss – Chairman, President, CEO Martin Lyons – SVP, CFO
Analysts:  Steven Berg – Morgan Stanley Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates Julian Dumoulin-Smith – UBS John Hansen – Prestigious Advisors Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs Andy Bishop – Morningstar Kevin Fallon – SIR Capital David Paz – Bank of America (Brian Tadio – Future and Company) 
Operator:  Greetings and welcome to the Ameren Corporation Second Quarter 2012 Earnings Call. (Operator Instructions) It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Doug Fischer, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Fischer, you may now begin.
Doug Fischer:  Thank you and good morning. I am Doug Fischer, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today are Tom Voss, our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Marty Lyons, our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and other members of the Ameren management team.  Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call is being broadcast live on the internet, and the webcast will be available for one year on our website at Ameren.com. Further, this call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today’s live broadcast. Redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on our website that will be referenced during this call. To access this presentation, please look in the investor section of our website under webcasts and presentations, and follow the appropriate link.  Turning to page two of the presentation, I need to inform you that comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in the forward-looking statement. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the forward-looking statement section in the news release we issued today, and the forward-looking statements and risk factor sections in our filings with the SEC.  Tom will begin this call with an overview of second quarter 2012 earnings and 2012 guidance, followed by a discussion of recent regulatory and business developments. Marty will follow with more detailed discussions of second quarter 2012 financial results, and regulatory and other financial matters. We will then open the call for questions. Here’s Tom, who will start on page three of the presentation. 
Thomas Voss:  Thanks, Doug. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I’m pleased to report that today we released second quarter 2012 core earnings of $.73 per share, compared to $.59 per share of core earnings in the second quarter of 2011. This improvement reflected increased earnings from our regulated utility operations, partially offset by decreased earnings from our merchant generation operations.  Key drivers of the higher regulated utility earnings were a favorable federal energy regulatory commission order related to a disputed Ameren Missouri power purchase agreement that expired in 2009, the absence in 2012 of a 2011 Ameren Missouri charge to earnings related to the fuel adjustment clause and 2011 Missouri electric and 2012 Illinois gas rate adjustments.  Other factors having a favorable effect on second quarter 2012 regulated utility earnings compared to second quarter 2011 regulated utility earnings included reduced storm-related costs and increased electric sales to native load customers resulting from warmer temperatures.  Merchant generation earnings were negatively impacted by lower prices for electricity. Marty will provide more details on our second quarter earnings in a few minutes.  Turning to page four, based on second quarter results, today we are raising our 2012 core earnings guidance range to $2.25 to $2.55 per share, from a prior range of $2.20 to $2.50 per share. Our core earnings guidance range for our merchant generation business segment remains $.05 to $.15 per share. The favorable earnings impact of warmer-than-normal second quarter temperatures, and the previously mentioned FERC order on the disputed power purchase agreement, have led us to raise core guidance for our regulated utility businesses by $.05 per share, at both the low and high ends of the range, to a new range of $2.20 to $2.40 per share. This guidance assumes normal temperatures for the second half of the year, and so far third quarter temperatures have been much warmer than normal, and I am very pleased to note that during the current extended period of very warm weather, which began with record temperatures in May, our utility systems have performed well, demonstrating the value of the significant reliability investments we have made in recent years.  Extreme weather puts strains not only on our system, but also on our customers we serve and our employees. We continue to provide a range of assistance to help low-income customers cope with the impacts of warm weather. These include promoting and contributing to programs that assist low-income customers with their bills, and annual donations of residential air conditioning units to local charities for distribution.  I also want to commend our employees, especially our generating center, substation mechanics and line workers, for their dedication and focus on safety. They work hard in the heat, so that our customers can stay cool.  Moving to page five, we have significant electric rate cases pending in both Missouri and Illinois, with decisions from utility regulators in these states expected later this year. While Marty will update you on other details of these proceedings, I want to touch on some policy issues. We continue to believe that modern, constructive regulatory frameworks, which provide timely cash flows and a reasonable opportunity to earn fair return on investments, are clearly in the best long-term interest of our customers and the states in which we operate. These frameworks support our ability to attract capital on terms which facilitate the timely investment needed to modernize our regulated utilities companies’ aging infrastructure and meet customers’ expectations for safe, reliable and clean energy. Constructive regulatory framework and the investment they facilitate, also help create good-paying jobs.  In our pending electric rate case in Missouri, we are seeking recovery of costs and investments we have already made to serve customers. Further, we are seeking to enhance the existing regulatory framework in the state. As a result, we have made several new proposals in this case. First, we are requesting approval of a storm cost-tracking mechanism that will provide the opportunity to recover costs, to restore service after major storms in a manner that is fair to both our customers and our investors. Second, we are requesting approval of a new plant in service accounting proposal. This proposal is designed to reduce the impact of regulatory lag on earnings and future cash flows related to assets placed in service between rate cases.  In a related regulatory matter, early this year, Ameren Missouri filed the request with the Missouri Public Service Commission for approval of new and expanded energy efficiency programs for the three-year period beginning in January, 2013. This was the utility’s first request under the Missouri Energy Efficiency Investment Act, or MEEIA. Last month all of the parties to the energy efficiency proceeding filed a stipulation in agreement with the Missouri Public Service Commission, resolving all related issues, and yesterday the PSC unanimously approved this agreement. This agreement aligns the utility’s financial incentives with those of customers, consistent with the MEEIA legislation, that provides timely recovery of the expected costs of the energy efficiency programs we will implement beginning in January of 2013, and the revenue requirement for these program costs will be included in our pending electric rate case, with true-ups to actual costs in future rate cases.  And also for the first time, we will receive timely recovery through rates that is designed to offset revenue losses of fixed costs occurring as a result of implementing our energy efficiency programs. Further, the calculation for such recovery will be based on predetermined values for specific energy efficiency actions, rather than difficult and often contentious after-the-fact measurement. Here also, the associated revenue requirement will be included in the pending rate case, with true-ups in future rate cases.  Finally, the energy efficiency agreement will provide an opportunity for us to earn a performance incentive to reflect the rate base growth foregone as a result of our energy efficiency programs. Any earned performance incentive will be calculated and collected after 2015, with any earnings benefit expected to be recognized in 2016.  Moving now to Illinois, constructive formula ratemaking is in place for our state-regulated electric delivery service, and as Marty will discuss, our initial and first annual uptake formula rate cases are pending before the ICC. Given the constructive formula ratemaking framework, we are moving forward with plans to invest meaningful incremental capital in this business. Over the next 10 years, our Illinois electric delivery business is required to invest $625 million over and above levels we have been spending in recent years, and create 450 jobs during the peak program year. The improved infrastructure resulting from these investments will enhance reliability and provide customers with the energy usage options made possible by smart meters.  Turning now to page six, I would like to update you on progress on growing our investments in FERC-regulated transmission projects at the Ameren Illinois and Ameren Transmission companies. Such projects benefit from constructive FERC formula ratemaking. Ameren Illinois is moving forward with its plans to invest approximately $900 million across some 300 projects over the five years ending in 2016, which are focused on reliability and local load growth needs. As shown in the pie chart, three-quarters of the planned $900 million investment is in projects that do not require regulatory approval because they are improving or rebuilding existing lines. The remaining investments, which are for five Greenfield projects, do require regulatory approval, and as noted on the slide, two of these projects have already been granted such certificates.  On page seven, we provide an update on Ameren Transmission Company, our ATX projects. ATX is moving forward with its plans to invest approximately $750 million in Greenfield regional projects within Illinois and Missouri over the five years ending in 2016. The bulk of ATX’s investment over this period will be in the $800 million+ Illinois Rivers project, a MISO-approved regional multi-value project to build a transmission line across the state of Illinois. We are currently holding public meetings on route design for this project. Later this year, we plan to file for a certificate of public convenience and necessity, and an ICC decision will be issued by July of 2013. Once we receive the certificate, we will begin to acquire right of way. Preliminary construction may start as early as 2013, with a full range of construction activities in 2014.  Meanwhile, we recently filed with the FERC requesting the same constructive rate treatment that we’ve already received for the Illinois Rivers Project for ATX’s two other MISO-approved regional multi-value projects.  Turning now to page eight, I would like to comment on our merchant generation business. We continue to act to adjust this business to weak power prices and an uncertain timeline for their recovery. As we discussed in our first quarter call, our merchant generation business filed a request for a variance within the Illinois Multi-Pollutant Standard, or MPS, with the Illinois Pollution Control Board in May. In our petition, we outlined our need for additional time to comply with SO2 emission levels, currently set to become effective January 1st, 2015. In exchange for delaying compliance with these levels through 2020, we have proposed a compliance plan that restricts our SO2 emissions through 2014 to levels lower than those required by the existing MPS, thereby offsetting the environmental impact of granting the variance relief.  Further, our variance compliance plan will also comply with federal emission rules that are currently stayed, but are under review by the federal courts. There has been significant public interest in our variance request with various citizens’ groups and the Illinois Attorney General’s office, opposing, and labor and local community interests supporting the variance request. Only the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency and our merchant business are parties to proceedings. The Illinois EPA has filed a neutral recommendation, but has noted that our compliance plan results in a net environmental benefit.  If we are not granted the variance or power prices do not materially increase, there is a significant risk that we’ll have to mothball two of our three unscrubbed merchant generation coal-fired energy centers beginning in 2015. The Pollution Control Board held a hearing on our variance request just yesterday, and must decide the matter by September 20th of this year.  I want to conclude my prepared remarks by noting that the focus of our dedicated employees on maintaining solid operating performance and improving customer service, our active management of our merchant generation business and our disciplined cost management and capital allocation, all reinforce my optimism as to the future prospects of Ameren. Now I’ll turn the call over to Marty. 
Martin Lyons:  Thanks, Tom. Turning to page nine in the presentation. Today we reported second quarter 2012 GAAP earnings of $.87 per share, compared to second quarter 2011 GAAP earnings of $.57 per share. Excluding certain items in each year, Ameren recorded second quarter 2012 core earnings of $.73 per share, compared to second quarter 2011 core earnings of $.59 per share.  Our second quarter 2012 core earnings excluded two items that are included in GAAP earnings. The largest of these non-core items was the increase in income tax benefit as a result of the first quarter 2012 non-cash asset impairment charge at our merchant generation business, and the GAAP requirement to recognize quarterly income tax expense using the annual estimated effective income tax rate. This item increased net income by $.18 per share in the second quarter of 2012, partially reversing the $.36 per share first quarter 2012 charge. We expect the remaining $.18 per share of this year-to-date expense to be fully reversed by the end of the year. The second non-core item is a $.04 per share loss from the net effect of unrealized mark-to-market activity.  On page 10, we highlight key factors that drove the $.14 per share improvement in second quarter 2012 core earnings compared to second quarter 2011 core earnings. These key factors included electric and gas rate adjustments, net of certain related expenses, which increased earnings by $.09 per share. Electric rates changed in Missouri in late July of last year, and gas delivery rates changed in Illinois in January of this year.  A second factor favorably impacting the comparison was the previously discussed favorable FERC order regarding a disputed power purchase agreement. This added $.07 per share to second quarter 2012 earnings. The earnings comparison also benefited from the absence of the previously discussed second quarter 2011 FAC-related charge of $.05 per share. In addition, lower storm-related costs benefited second quarter 2012 earnings by $.04 per share. You’ll recall that we experienced severe storms in the second quarter of last year, resulting in high storm restoration expenses. Further, warmer-than-normal temperatures boosted earnings by an estimated $.03 per share, compared to the second quarter of 2011, a period that was also warmer than normal. We estimate that the warm second quarter 2012 temperatures increased earnings by $.07 per share compared to normal, offsetting a significant part of the estimated $.10 per share negative impact compared to normal experienced in the first quarter of this year due to mild winter temperatures.  Second quarter 2012 cooling degree days were 30% greater than normal and 15% greater than those experienced in the second quarter of 2011. Reflecting this, second quarter 2012 KWh sales of electricity to weather-sensitive residential and commercial utility customers rose 2% compared to the second quarter of 2011.  Excluding the impacts of weather, we estimate the second quarter and first half 2012 KWh sales for residential and commercial customers were flat with those of the second quarter and first half of 2011. A decline in margins at the merchant generation business reduced earnings by $.10 per share, primarily a result of lower power prices.  Turning now to page 11. We have raised our 2012 cash flow projection. We now expect 2012 negative free cash flow of approximately $190 million, an improvement of 40 million from our prior projection. The improved cash flow outlook reflects higher expected cash flows from operations as a result of the previously-discussed favorable FERC order and our increased earnings expectations. As shown on this page, we calculate free cash flow by starting with our projected cash flows from operating activities, and subtracting from it expected capital expenditures, other cash flows from investing activities, dividends and net advances for construction. While we anticipate that free cash flow will be negative for Ameren as a whole, we expect our merchant generation business will cover its own cash needs.  Moving to page 12 of our presentation, I would like to update you on selected recent regulatory developments impacting our various business segments. Beginning with Ameren Missouri, as I mentioned earlier, the FERC has issued a favorable order in a longstanding case involving the disputed power purchase agreement that expired in 2009. The FERC’s May 2012 order confirmed its 2010 ruling that Entergy Arkansas should not have included additional charges to Ameren Missouri under the power purchase agreement, and required Entergy to refund the improper charges with interest. Ameren Missouri received cash reimbursement from Entergy in June. The portion of the reimbursement related to power purchased before implementation of the Missouri Fuel Adjustment clause in February of 2009, an amount that was never included in customers’ rates, was reflected in second quarter 2012 earnings. Meanwhile, Entergy has appealed the FERC order in the U.S. Court of Appeals.  In a second recent regulatory development involving our Missouri Utility, the state circuit court has reversed the Missouri Public Service Commission’s 2011 order requiring that $18 million related to sales ending in September of 2009 under certain wholesale contracts be flowed to customers through the FAC. As a result of that 2011 PSC order, we took a charge to earnings in the second quarter of 2011, and have completed flowing these funds to customers through the FAC. In response to the favorable circuit court ruling, the PSC recently appealed the matter to the Missouri Court of Appeals, and a decision is not expected until 2013. As a result, we have not reversed the charge we took in 2011. The PSC has reviewed the final $26 million relating to these same wholesale contracts for the period ending in May, 2011, and is expected to issue a decision later this year as to whether this additional amount should be flowed to customers through the FAC. A negative PSC decision on this matter would result in a charge to earnings.  At the top of page 13, we list a recent positive development impacting our Ameren Illinois electric delivery business. Last month, the ICC decided to consider Ameren Illinois’ modified Smart Grid Advanced Metering Infrastructure, or AMI, deployment plan. Installing Smart Grid equipment and advanced two-way electric meters is critical to meeting the infrastructure enhancements required under the Illinois Energy Infrastructure Modernization Act that authorized formula rates, and such expenditures comprise about half of the increase in capital spending required by the act.  In March, 2012, Ameren Illinois submitted its original Smart Grid Advanced Metering Infrastructure deployment plan to the ICC, and the ICC subsequently denied that plan in May of 2012. The ICC ruled that Ameren Illinois’ original plan did not provide enough support to prove that it was cost-beneficial for electric customers. Ameren Illinois asked for a rehearing and filed the modified deployment plan designed to address the ICC’s concerns about cost justification. Our rehearing filling demonstrated a positive net present value for a plan which provides for the installation of advanced electric meters for 62% of electric customers within 10 years. The ICC is scheduled to rule on our modified plan in November of 2012, and we are optimistic about a positive outcome. Assuming ICC approval, we would begin our construction of infrastructure in the third quarter of 2013, with the first meters to be installed in the second quarter of 2014.  And finally, I would like to update you on a recent FERC regulatory development. In June, the FERC issued an order in the electric capacity construct filing of the Midwest Independent Transmission System Operator, or MISO. The FERC approved MISO’s request to change the capacity construct to an annual, from a monthly capacity construct, beginning with the 2013-2014 planning year. We are disappointed with the FERC’s order and continue to maintain that a multi-year or forward capacity construct is necessary to provide the transparent price signals needed to ensure electric reliability over the long term. However, in an encouraging aspect of the order, the FERC directed staff to solicit comments in a separate proceeding on the issue of capacity portability between MISO and PJM. This includes an examination of administrative rules that may act as barriers to capacity transfers across the MISO-PJM scene, and potential solutions. We continue to support the removal of unnecessary barriers to capacity portability across the scene, as a means of improving market efficiency.  Moving to page 14, I would like to update you on the first of our two pending Illinois electric delivery formula rate case. While the outcome of the initial case filed in January of this year will establish the level of rates charged to customers from October through the end of this year, it is important to emphasized that full-year 2012 electric delivery earnings will reflect a true-up for 2012 rate base, actual cost of service and the formula-based return on equity, as well as historical ICC ratemaking adjustments. To assist you in thinking about the expected 2012 earnings power of our Illinois electric delivery business, we have provided estimates of several of the key inputs into the rate formula.  Moving to a discussion of the pending initial formula rate case, this filing, as we updated it in July, called for a $20 million annual rate decrease compared to current rates. In July, the ICC staff filed their most recent testimony in this case. The ICC staff recommended that rates be decreased by 29 million annually, more than the Ameren Illinois’ updated proposal. The ICC staff’s recommended revenue requirement reflects $20 million of lower rate base, with $14 million of this $20 million the result of downward rate base adjustments for estimated, accumulated, deferred income taxes. We have listed several of the other staff-recommended adjustments to the revenue requirement on this page.  On page 15, we have summarized the positions of the other major interveners in this case. The revenue requirement recommended by these parties range from $33 to 37 million lower than our updated request, and many of their positions on the issues are similar to those of the staff. We, and the other parties to this case, have different views on another issue related to the rate base and capitalization amounts to be used for both ratemaking and the eventual earnings true-up calculation. We argue that the legislation specifies that rate base and capitalization for a given year should be based on year-end values. The ICC staff and other interveners recommended that the ICC use average values for a given year. In fact, the ICC adopted average values in a recent Commonwealth Edison order. However, in late June, the ICC voted unanimously to rehear certain parts of its May Commonwealth Edison order, including the use of average as compared to year-end rate base and the method for calculating interest on the revenue requirement reconciliation.  In addition to these issues, the Attorney General has recommended an additional $7 million revenue reduction by crediting Ameren Illinois’ electric delivery cost of service with the benefit of the full amount of electric late payment revenue, including the over half related to power supply, rather than just the portion related to delivery service.  Finally, the Illinois Industrial Energy Consumers recommended limiting the common equity ratio of 50%, rather than the higher amount in our filling. We strongly believe that this proposed adjustment is unjustified. The ICC administrative law judges are expected to issue their proposed order in this case in August, with an ICC decision expected in late September and new rates to be effective in October, 2012.  Turning now to page 16, in April, Ameren Illinois made its first annual electric delivery formula rate update filling. Again, while the outcome of this update case will establish the level of rates charged to customers beginning in January, 2013, full-year 2013 electric delivery earnings will reflect a true-up for 2013 rate base, actual cost of service and formula return on equity, as well as historical ICC ratemaking adjustment. As updated in July, this filing calls for an incremental $16 million annual rate decrease in addition to our updated request in the initial formula rate case that I just discussed. The reduction in rates beyond those filed in the initial case primarily reflects lower rate base and return on equity. The lower rate base in this filing, compared to the amount we supported in the initial case, primarily reflects the incorporation of 2011 accumulated deferred income taxes including bonus depreciation.  The ICC staff and other interveners have filed their initial recommendations in the update case. Details of their positions are outlined at the bottom of page 16 and on page 17. The advocated incremental rate decreases that range from $12 to 23 million more than our proposed $16 million rate reduction. Their arguments were along the same lines they put forward in the initial formula rate case. Further, the ICC staff argued that the equity ratio should be limited to 51%, which reduced the revenue requirement by 4 million. In addition, the Attorney General of the Citizens Utility Board argued that the revenue requirements should be reduced by 5 million and 3 million respectively, to reflect the impact on deferred taxes of the 2011 change to the Illinois corporate income tax rate.  The ICC administrative law judges are expected to issue their proposed order in this case by early November, with an ICC decision expected in December and new rates to be effective in January, 2013.  Moving now to page 18, in an update on our pending Missouri electric rate case. We have requested a $376 million increase, with 273 million of this related to non-fuel costs. In addition, we are seeking approval of a new two-way storm cost tracking mechanism, and a new plant-in-service accounting proposal, as Tom has already discussed.  Finally, the pending rate request includes the revenue requirement of Ameren Missouri’s new and expanded energy efficiency programs under the Missouri Energy Efficiency Investment Act, or MEEIA. On page 19, we summarize the Missouri PSC staff’s recent recommendations in the pending electric rate case based on our calculation. The staff recommended a $210 million increase, which included $121 million for higher net base fuel costs. The staff’s net base fuel costs were $18 million more than Ameren Missouri’s request, reflecting updated costs since our initial filing in February. The staff’s recommended a non-fuel revenue increase of 89 million, which was $184 million less than our request. The primary driver of this $184 million difference was the staff’s recommendation of a 9% return on equity, versus our 10.75% request, which accounted for $98 million.  On this page, we list other key drivers of this difference, such as the exclusion of property tax increases for 2012 over the actual amount paid in 2011, the staff’s recommendation that all of the Entergy purchase power refund be credited back to customers over three years, the rejection of a weather normalization adjustment, a lower rate base number primarily due to lower working capital and a recommendation that we not recover 2011 voluntary separation costs, as well as a number of other adjustments.  Turning now to page 20, in other rate case issues, the staff’s revenue recommendation incorporated $80 million related to the energy efficiency settlement that was ruled on by the MPSC yesterday. Also, the staff supported continuation of the pension/OPEB vegetation management and infrastructure inspection cost tracking mechanism. However, the staff called for changing the FAC sharing mechanism to an 85/15 split rather than the 95/5 split currently in effect. This change in the sharing percentages is similar to what the staff has recommended in past rate cases. Finally, the staff recommended that the Missouri PSC reject our storm cost tracking mechanism and plant in-service accounting proposal.  On page 21, we outline the Missouri Industrial Energy Consumer group’s recommended reductions to our rate request. As you can see, their positions are similar to those of the Missouri PSC staff, though they recommend adoption of a slightly higher return on equity than the staff, at 9.3%.  Page 22 completes our discussion of the pending electric rate case in Missouri. The Office of Public Counsel made several recommendations in the case, and we note them on this page. Missouri PSC is scheduled to hold a hearing in the case beginning in late September, and continuing through mid-October, with a decision expected in December, 2012, and new rates to be effective in January, 2013.  Moving now to page 23, here we provide an update on our 2012 through 2014 [inaudible] power sales and hedges for our merchant generation business. Before we move to the updated hedge numbers, at the top of the page we indicate that expected 2012 merchant generation is now expected to be approximately 26.5 million MWh as of mid-2012. This is up approximately 1 million MWh from the estimate we shared with you on our May call, and it reflects increased generation due to the warmer-than-normal summer weather, driving higher spot power prices and increased utilization of gas-fired generation assets. You will also note that for 2012, we have hedged an amount greater than our expected generation, approximately 28 million MWh, and this amount is hedged at an average price of $43 per MWh. The approximately 1.5 million MWh of hedging in excess of expected generation, we expect it to be settled on a profitable basis using purchase power or additional generation to the extent power prices improve.  Moving to 2013, we have now hedged approximately 22.5 million MWh at an average price of $37 per MWh. Further, for 2014, we have now hedged approximately 12.5 MWh at an average price of $38 per MWh.  Finally, turning to page 24, here we update our merchant generation segment’s fuel and related transportation hedges. For 2012, we have hedged approximately 25 million MWh at $24 per MWh, unchanged from what we communicated to you on the May call. For 2013, we have now hedged approximately 22 million MWh at about $23.50 per MWh, approximately $1 per MWh less than the number we provided in May. For 2014, we have now hedged approximately 14 million MWh at about $23.50 per MWh, also approximately $1 per MWh less than the number we shared with you in May.  This completes our prepared remarks.  
Operator:  (Operator instructions).  Our first question is from the line of Steven Berg – Morgan Stanley. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Berg – Morgan Stanley:  Good Morning. Just wanted to touch on the FERC quarter, regarding the distributed power purchase agreement. Are there any ongoing impacts to earnings that we should be thinking about, or this more of a onetime item for this quarter?
Thomas Voss:  Yes Steven, no there aren’t any ongoing impacts associated with that. You know the $0.07 gain we had, is their reversal of some negative impacts that we had in prior years as a result of the (inaudible) charges. Those negative impacts had been included in quarter earnings in the past, which is why we reflected this gain in quarter earnings. That said, we now have a fuel adjustment clause in place in Missouri, and there’re not ongoing impacts from this settlement.
Steven Berg – Morgan Stanley: Understood. And then switching gears to MISO capacity. What are the next steps that we should be thinking about, or further steps to come post the third quarter?
Thomas Voss: I think the thing we’re really focused on is this capacity portability issue. And I think the next steps are for, you know, in accordance with the FERC ruling for MISO and PJM double discussion about some of the barriers to portability, as well as other issues that they have. And then we and other parties will be filing comments with FERC regarding the portability issues. So those are the ongoing things to watch for.
Operator:  Our next question is from the line of Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates. Please state your question.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Good Morning, how are you?
Thomas Voss:  Good, thank you, how are you?
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: All right. The Illinois pollution deferral, you know, regulatory deferral that you’re asking for in terms of implementation, how should we think about the impact of that on your plans, where they stand now I guess due to this issue. There was a press report, I think yesterday, that there was a potential plant closures, et cetera if this wasn’t deferred, and I wanted to get some census to where things stand?
Thomas Voss: Sure Paul. I think what you’d be seeing in the press reports would be consistent with things we’ve talked about on our past couple of calls. Obviously earlier this year as a result of the drop in power prices amongst other things, we decelerated construction of the (Newton Scrubber) Project. We talked about the fact that, you know, one of the obstacles we had was the Illinois  Multi Pollutant Standard and the racket down in terms of So2 emissions. 
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates:  I understand, I don’t mean to make you go over that, I apologies. What I was trying to figure out was, if you were to get this, would this make things – I mean, in other words we should be under - the guidance in your forecast and everything are under the expectation that we don’t have a change, is that correct? And if I guess you did get the change, how might that change things? Do you follow what I’m saying? Am I understanding it correctly?
Thomas Voss: I guess so, but you know there’s not, I’d say an immediate near term impact. As we look out, you know, we’re concerned about that ratchet down out in 2015. And to the extent that release isn’t granted by the pollution control board, you know, and the Newton Scrubber, is not reaccelerated, then we do face the prospect of plant closures as discussed in our prepared remarks. So, you know, this is really an impact when we look out to that 2015 timeframe.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates:  And then, with respect to guidance, I gather, if I understand this correctly, it’s because of the FERC order and because of normal weather in the second quarter, that you guys are raising the guidance? Is that correct?
Thomas Voss: Yes, those were some of the things that we had. You may recall Paul that after the first quarter, we actually lowered our guidance from our regulated entities by about $0.05 on either end of the range, and that’s because in the first quarter we had about $0.10 of negative impact from weather, and so we lowered the guidance $0.05. We’ve seen an improvement in the weather situation, we’re still down year-to-date by about $0.03 on a net basis versus normal. But we did see some positive impact in the second quarter from weather. And we also had the, as you noted, the positive FERC ruling. Those things allowed us to move the guidance back up $0.05 to where we started the year for the regulated entities. 
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question is from the line of Julian Dumoulin – Smith – UBS. Please state your question.
Julian Dumoulin – Smith – UBS:  Hi, Good Morning.
Thomas Voss: Good Morning, Julian.
Julian Dumoulin – Smith – UBS:  First on the treasuries and the Illinois (formulate grates). I noticed that you mentioned 3% here. Is that still using the blue chip average? And then secondly, did that have sort of market-to-market impact in the second quarter, and what was that? I apologize if I missed that in your prepared remarks.
Martin Lyons:  That’s fine. Julian the 3% it reflect the actual experience in terms of (inaudible) for the first half of the year, as well as, you know, blue chip forecasting as of July. So, it’s really the average for the year, which is what’s included in the ROE. So, that 3% is what’s baked into the guidance. In terms of a way to think about that, about every 10 basis points or so, is about a half cent per share. So about a 30 basis point move is probably a penny and a half to two cents when you’re thinking about the impact of something like that overall. I wouldn’t say there was a mark-to market the regulatory asset that we recorded at the end of the first quarter, was unchanged at the end of the second quarter as it related to that business. 
Julian Dumoulin – Smith – UBS:   Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question is from the line of John Hansen - Prestigious Advisors. Please state your question.
John Hansen - Prestigious Advisors:  Morning.
Thomas Voss:  Good Morning.
John Hansen - Prestigious Advisors:  My questions have been answered. Thank you very much.
Thomas Voss: Okay, thank you.
Operator:  Our next question is from the line of Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs:  Hey, guys congrats on a good quarter, good first half of the year. On Illinois, Marty, just want to make sure I followed the rate base level declined from 2012 in your filing the 2013 little bit over right around $100 to $120 somewhat million dollars. Can you just walk us through the (Pumaton Takes) meaning net capital additions minus normal course depreciation and then minus bonus depreciation, just so we can kind of think through the give and take, and then think about how this impacts post 2013?
Martin Lyons:  Yes, I don’t – Michael, I don’t have a full reconciliation to walk you through, maybe something you can follow up with Doug after the call. But you highlighted one of the drivers for that decrease. The biggest is really that bonus depreciation, which has been included. And of course that’s been reflected in the guidance. I think what you’ve seen in some of these cases that we have pending, is folks arguing that the accumulated depreciation should be included in the rate base. And certainly for this year in terms of the way we’ve been broadcasting out earnings and forecasting our rate base, we’ve included the deferred tax update from bonus depreciation in there, so that’s the big driver.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question is coming from the line of Andy Bishop – Morningstar. Please proceed with your question.
Andy Bishop – Morningstar:  Hi, Good Morning. Actually I have a clarification question on the FAC ordered. If I understand correctly you took $18 million charge in 2011, no charge (inaudible), and then you reversed the charge in 2013 paying (inaudible)? Is that correct?
Thomas Voss: That could be, and I don’t want to speculate on the outcome in ’13, but yes, we took a charge last year of about $0.05, as noted on the call there’s still about $25 or $26 million pending before the Reserved Public Service Commission that we expect them to rule on later this year. And then we’ll see how these court appeals play out. Obviously we took a charge because of the – last year, because of the commissions decision, and of course we flowed those monies back through the FAC. If at some point that commission decision is reversed one way or another, and ultimately we’re able to collect those monies, at that point, it would become a gain.
Andy Bishop – Morningstar: Thanks so much.
Operator:  Our next question is coming from the line of Kevin Fallon – SIR Capital. Please state your question.
Kevin Fallon – SIR Capital:  Good Morning. A question for you, within your 2012 earnings guidance of $225 to $255, what is the amount of parent company drag when you’re not allocating, non-recourse debt, interest expense related to that?
Martin Lyons:  You know, I don’t know what the parent company drag is. Typically what we’ve done with our debt for the most part is allocated those costs out. So, you know the parent company debt that exist, you know, the $425 million of debt, you know, for the most part those interest charges actually get allocated out to the merchant segment, and (inaudible) supporting that merchant segment. So, while the $425 is an obligation of Ameren Corporation, the debt is being seen as supporting capital expenditures made at the merchant segment over time. Primarily, I shouldn’t say primarily, really a AERG, which is a non-registrant, so we allocate those interests costs out to that segment.
Kevin Fallon – SIR Capital: But there’s a much larger component of non-recourse that you also book within the Merchant Generation section, that would go away if you walked away from those businesses. I’m just trying to understand, if you separated from the Merchant Generation Businesses, one of the ongoing expense that you would have at the holding company level to offset against the regulated utilities?
Thomas Voss:  In terms of the debt, there’s $825 million dollars or so of debt, at Ameren Energy Generating that is non-recourse debt. That interest expense is allocated to Ameren energy Generating and AER, and then there’s the other $425 up at Ameren Corp. and again that’s an Ameren Corp. obligation and the interest expense is allocated down to that segment, Ameren Energy Resources.
Kevin Fallon – SIR Capital: Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question is from David Paz with Bank of America, please state your question.
David Paz – Bank of America: Good morning.
Thomas Voss:
 : Good morning, David.
David Paz – Bank of America:  I was just wondering, following the agreement on MEEIA, what are the prospects of settlement in your ending Missouri rate case?
Thomas Voss:  Yes, David, I think I will maybe Warner Bax to take that one.
Warner Bax:  David, how are you doing? 
David Paz – Bank of America:  Good morning, how are you doing?
Warner Bax:  I’m terrific, thanks. With regards to the settlement – I mean, as you know, we’ve in the last several rate cases, we have not really come together in a comprehensive basis to settle the entire rate case, and that’s due to several reasons – largely due to the fact that we have several parts of those cases, and certainly several issues to resolve. But historically, we have been able to take several issues and resolve those in a partial settlement, and then take ultimately fewer issues to the commission. Having said all of those things, certainly, if the prospects or settlements are always there so that the discussions be fruitful, and if they are fruitful, we would be happy to engage in those discussions there, if you can find something that makes sense. So, I can’t predict the outcome, but certainly if the opportunity is right, if it make sense for us, then we will move forward with that. 
David Paz – Bank of America: Great, and just one question regarding your merger statement, what price level, Marty, are you looking for that you would need to avoid mob falling, the two of the three un-scrubbed core plant?
Martin Lyons:  You know, David, there’s not, I would say, a specific price level of the words that I point to that, you know, would cause us to avoid them – and I think what you’re really asking is there a certain price level in which the, you know, Newton Scrubber would be, you know, we accelerated, and you know, consistent, and then what we said on prior calls, you know, I think that we – you know, we’ve estimated that if we reaccelerated that we would probably need something like 20 or 24 months of construction time to have that scrubber in service. So, we continue to have some time to watch how things develop, but it’s not just power prices – certainly watch power prices – I think of power, I guess you could say I think of energy, and I think of capacity because we are watching energy prices, capacity prices, development in terms of, you know, federal and environmental regulations, in the likes of – you know, there will be host of factors, but I can’t point to a specific price that would be toward the threshold. 
David Paz – Bank of America: Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question is from the line of Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates, please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates:  I just wanted to follow up so I understood the guidance. It look like there’s about seven cents of extra weather in the second quarter, and seven cents associated with the – seven cents of the weather, and seven tenths of [inaudible] fourteen then, and you mentioned on how you readjusted your number previously. Is there anything that we should be thinking about that would lower the number so that we only have the five cents increasing guidance, or is there something – or are you guys just being conservative?
Thomas Voss:  So, yes, you are right and the numbers that you gave out are right, the Q2 weather versus normal was about a plus seven cents, and then the FERC agreement was another, you know, seven cents, but you are absolutely right. I think in terms of, again, why five cents, I think that again, we are still bond weather wise because we had about a ten cent drag in the first quarter. We only reduce the regulated guidance by about five cents – you know, we picked up seven cents of that, yes, in the second quarter, but we are still down net three cents a-year-to-date due to weather. If that’s on a prior call, we – we’ve had about three basis point drop in the ROEs in Illinois, which again, as I said earlier, there’s probably a penny-and-a-half to what two cents of earnings, and then I think one other thing, Paul, that we mentioned on the call is that, you know, we strip out weather – you know, we’re seeing pretty flat, low growth in terms of residential, commercial year-to-date. We did, at the beginning of the year, and frankly, continue to expect as we look to the second half of the year to see, to see some growth in those categories, year-to-date we haven’t seen any. Now, weather normalization is obviously, say not an exact science, with that pretty good extremes in both in terms of the winter months and the spring summer months year-to-date, and so, sometimes those can cause variations, but we are seeing things pretty flat year-to-date. So, those are some of the factors – the other thing that I would say though, Paul, what we mentioned is that, you know, the July weather has been extremely warm, and continues to be extremely warm, even this week, and none of the impacts of that favorable weather in July have been reflected in the guidance that we have provided. 
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates:  That’s great, just one other – that leads me to my second question, which is, are you guys having any new peaks? Have you found any change in peak demand? You mentioned the [inaudible] kind of flattish, and I think that is – well, a lot of people’s, actually, are even down where they are normalized. But just in terms of – you had measly hot weather I think in the mid-west, at least it looked like it was, for me [inaudible] – what do you guys think of in terms of peak demand?
Thomas Voss:  Yes, you know, I should have brought some exact datas, but I don’t. I can tell you that while we have, you know – you know, had some very strong demands, I think we’re still down for some of the peaks that we saw a couple of years ago, but I won’t – and maybe then I will ask somebody else to do it, to comment on that quickly.
Maurine Barkoski:  This is Maurine Barkoski. Transmission system basis, we did set a new all-time peak on July the 25th, of a – I forget the exact number, but I think it was 18,588 megawatts, and based on the two individual companies, Ameren Illinois, did set a new all-time peak on that same day, Ameren Missouri has not yet exceeded it’s all-time peak which was in 2007. 
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Thank you. 
Operator:  Our next question is coming from the line of Ryan Tabio of Futcher and Company, please proceed with your question.
Ryan Tabio – Futcher and Company:  Good morning, 
Thomas Voss:
 : Good morning.
Ryan Tabio – Futcher and Company:  First question is with regards to your – the request of environmental variance in Illinois. With the sharing that had taken place yesterday, can you – what’s the next step here? Is there another hearing date, or is the next thing we will hear is the ruling coming out of court?
Thomas Voss:  Yes, no, there – you know, there won’t be another hearing set, and we, basically, will expect to see a decision by the pollution control board deadline September the 20th.
Ryan Tabio – Futcher and Company: Have they given you any – or have you gotten any guidance, or input on what their major focus is? You’ve mentioned all the major parties and their different views, but have they given you any idea what they are focused on in terms of making their decision?
Thomas Voss:  No, the – you know, yesterday, I think the public hearing was well attended, all five of the members of the pollution control board were in attendance. I think they were – they were very attentive, and I think they heard, you know, from folks that spoke, I would say, on behalf of our competition, you know, folks that are located in our service territories that, you know, would – that spoke of the potential economic and personal impact of the variance, and of course there were a citizen’s group there who spoke in opposition. So, you know, what they – with the police and the control board there to do again is to balance both environmental concerns with economic concerns, and you know, they heard testimonies on both sides. You know, ultimately, really the only parties to this to proceeding are ourselves and the IEPA that noted on our call, the IEPA has taken a neutral stance on this, and sees our petition as being environmentally beneficial, and that is our view as well, and so, we look to pollution control board again to balance the, you know, the economics with the environmental mandate.
Ryan Tabio – Futcher and Company:  Thank you.
Operator:  Our next question is a follow up from Julian Dumoulin-Smith of UBS, please state your question.
Julian Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Hi, just a few follow ups on the [inaudible] side of the equation. First, as you just eluded to for the net positive benefits – I know it’s IEPA here, but kind of just wanted to get a sense of how is it actually a net positive, is it just because you’re accelerating some of the reductions from 2015 forward, and that sort of off net would have happened in the back half of the [inaudible] – [inaudible] what you think about it?
Ryan Tabio – Futcher and Company:  Yes, that is a good way of think about it, Julian. 
Julian Dumoulin-Smith – UBS:  All right, and then secondly, on capacity affordability, what could this eventually mean, just trying to think about an ideal scenario, is this all of your capacity, partial – you know, is this just about getting some transfer right that is recognized – there are a number of different iterations that could be coming out of this, but I just wanted to get your state.
Ryan Tabio – Futcher and Company:  I think that is probably true, there probably are a number of different iterations that could come out of it, but certainly, I think that to the extent that, you know, we have capacity, and we’ve got, you know, there’s available transmission to get, you know, out of MISO, and into PJM – you know, we think we should be able to sell that capacity into PJM, whether that’s the percentage of our fleet, ultimately it would be available to do that – you know, I don’t know off hand. I think it could be a number of, as you said, a number of outcomes there.
Doug Fischer:  Operator, this Doug Fischer, we have time for one more question. 
Operator:  That question is coming from the line of Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs, please proceed with your question.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs:  Hey, Marty, an easy one here, can you just walk us through in the first half of 2012, what are items that are still included in ongoing [inaudible], but may not actually happen until next year, meaning, kind of like the FERC item, the seven cent benefit from the FERC item that is ongoing EPS? I’m just trying to think about whether it’s storm related, or anything else that is left for accounting lease and ongoing EPS, but may not actually be reoccurring 12 months from now.
Martin Lyons:  Yes, sure, Michael. I think that we tried to list the major ones on, you know, slide three, and I guess those are mostly related to Q2, and maybe I should focus you back on our Q1 slide as well – we had a similar slide for Q1, but you do see, you know, the third quarter there, we had the absence of the fact charge from last year, and the storm costs from last year. As I recall from the first quarter too though, we picked up a couple of cents of impact in Ameren Illinois because of contributions that we made at the start of the Illinois rate file. So, again, I just want to point you back to those first quarter slides, I think we have negative in the first quarter that would not be repeating again next year. And then, I think as you, as you look to next year, you know, I think some of the things to think about as just the – you’ll have the resolution in the Missouri rate case later this year, next year we will have a calloway outage, where there was not calloway outage this year. Those will be some of the drivers as well as what happens with 30 year treasuries, and it affects Illinois, and in our continuing to deploy capitals that we’ve laid out. So, those are some of the impacts to be thinking about. 
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Got it, okay. Thank you, Marty, thank you, much appreciate it.
Martin Lyons:  Thanks, Mike. 
Doug Fischer:  Thank you, this is Doug Fischer – thank you for participating in this call. Let me remind you again, that this call is available for one year on our website.

===== 2012 Q1  (2012-05-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Thomas Voss – Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer Martin Lyons – Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer Doug Fischer – Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Paul Ridzon – Keybanc Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates Terran Miller – Cantor Fitzgerald Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management David Paz – Bank of America Reza Hatefi – Decade Capital Management Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs Tom Rebinoff – Fore Research & Management Alex Tai – Standard General Julian Dumoulin-Smith – UBS Raymond Leung – Goldman Sachs 
Operator:  Greetings and welcome to the Ameren Corporation’s First Quarter 2012 Earnings call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question and answer session will follow the formal presentation. If anyone should require operator assistance during the conference, please press star, zero on your telephone keypad. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Doug Fischer, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Fischer. You may begin.
Doug Fischer: Thank you and good morning. I’m Doug Fischer, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today are our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Voss; our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Marty Lyons, and other members of the Ameren management team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and the webcast will be available for one year on our website at Ameren.com. Further, this call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today’s live broadcast. Redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on our website that will be referenced during this call. To access this presentation, please look in the investor section of our website under Webcasts and Presentations and follow the appropriate link. Turning to Page 2 of the presentation, I need to inform you that comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in the forward-looking statements. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the forward-looking statement section in the news release we issued today and the forward-looking statements and risk factors section in our filings with the SEC. Tom will begin this call with an overview of first quarter 2012 earnings and 2012 guidance, followed by a discussion of recent regulatory and business developments. Marty will follow with more detailed discussions of first quarter 2012 financial results as well as regulatory and other financial matters. We will then open the call for questions. Here is Tom, who will start on Page 3 of the presentation.
Thomas Voss: Thanks, Doug. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Today we announced a first quarter 2012 net loss in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, of $1.66 per share compared to first quarter 2011 GAAP net income of $0.29 per share. This first quarter 2012 GAAP net loss included a non-cash pre-tax asset impairment charge of $628 million related to the write-down of our Duck Creek merchant generation energy center which was triggered by the first quarter 2012 sharp decline in forward prices for electricity. Excluding the impacts of this charge, a related tax adjustment and mark-to-market activity, first quarter 2012 core results were positive with earnings of $0.22 per share compared to first quarter 2011 core earnings of $0.25 per share. The decrease in first quarter 2012 core earnings compared to first quarter 2011 core earnings primarily reflected the impact of warm winter weather on our regulated utility electric and natural gas sales. First quarter 2012 winter temperatures were among the warmest on record with heating degree days approximately 30% fewer than those experienced in the year-ago quarter. As a result, kilowatt hour sales of electricity to weather-sensitive residential and commercial utility customers declined 9%. Natural gas sales were also negatively impacted by the much warmer weather with first quarter 2012 volumes down 21% compared to the first quarter of 2011. In total, we estimate that warmer temperatures reduced first quarter 2012 earnings by $0.13 per share compared to the first quarter of 2011, and by $0.10 per share compared to normal. On a positive note, kilowatt hour sales to industrial customers rose 5% compared to the first quarter of 2011, a sign of economic improvement in our region. A second key driver of lower first quarter 2012 core earnings compared to the year-ago quarter was reduced margins in the merchant generation segment. The decreased margins reflected reduced generation to the merchant segment due to lower market prices for electricity. The effects of the warm weather and lower merchant margins were partially offset by increased electric utility rates in Missouri, increased natural gas delivery rates in Illinois, and lower non-fuel operations and maintenance expenses, including reduced storm-related costs. Turning now to Page 4, today we are affirming our core earnings guidance range of $2.20 to $2.50 per share for this year. The much warmer than normal weather led us to reduce core guidance for our regulated utility business by $0.05 per share at both the high and low ends of the range to $2.15 to $2.35 per share. This reduction in earnings guidance for the utilities is offset by an increase in the core guidance range for our merchant generation business segment of $0.05 per share at both the high and low ends of the range to $0.05 to $0.15 per share. The increase in merchant generation guidance primarily reflects lower expected depreciation expense due to the write-down of the Duck Creek energy center. I would now like review some of our business plans and some recent business developments at our regulated and merchant generation businesses. Moving to Page 5 and our strategy for regulated businesses, we continue to believe that modern, constructive regulatory frameworks which provide timely cash flows and a reasonable opportunity to earn fair returns on investments are clearly in the best long-term interest of our customers in the states in which we operate. These frameworks support our ability to attract capital on terms which facilitate timely investment in order to modernize our regulated companies’ aging infrastructure. Such investments enhance reliability and the quality of service we can deliver to our customers and also help create good paying jobs. Further, these investments help us meet our customers’ and states’ energy needs and expectations which ultimately drive higher levels of customer satisfaction. Constructive formula ratemaking is in place for both our Ameren Illinois electric delivery service and our FERC-regulated electric transmission business. As a result, we are able to move forward with plans to invest meaningful incremental capital in these businesses. Over the next 10 years, our Illinois electric delivery business plans to invest $625 million over and above levels we have been spending in recent years and create 450 jobs during the peak program year. The improved infrastructure resulting from this investment will enhance reliability and provide customers with the energy usage options made possible by smart meters.  At our electric transmission businesses, the need to replace aging infrastructure and improve the capacity of the high-voltage highway in our region, coupled with the constructive formula ratemaking utilized by the FERC, are driving our plans to invest approximately $1.7 billion in transmission projects over a five-year period ending in 2016. I am pleased to report two recent positive developments related to these transmission growth plans. The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission approved forward test year rate treatment for Ameren Transmission Company, or ATX, effective March 1, 2012; and on May 1, we began our public participation process on route design for ATX’s $800 million-plus Illinois Rivers project, a MISO multi-value regional line. This process is required prior to our filing for a certificate of public convenience and necessity for the project with the ICC, a filing we plan to make in the fourth quarter of this year. In Missouri, however, we continue to see the need to enhance the existing regulatory framework to support investments in our aging infrastructure and to meet our customers’ rising expectations, as well as to provide our company timely cash flows and a reasonable opportunity to earn a fair return on those investments. One approach we are pursuing is through the regulatory process. In particular, we’ve made several proposals in our pending electric rate case designed to enhance the existing framework. First, we are seeking approval of a storm cost tracking mechanism that would provide the opportunity to recover costs to restore service after major storms in a manner that is fair to both our customers and our investors. Second, we are seeking approval of a new plant-in-service accounting proposal. This proposal is designed to reduce the impact of regulatory lag on earnings and future cash flows related to assets placed in service between cases. And finally, in January we made a filing under the Missouri Energy Efficiency Investment Act, or MEEIA, and requested an enhancement to the existing regulatory framework for energy efficiency programs and the related throughput disincentives that result from these programs. In the interim, we continue to better align the level of our spending with the monies provided through the existing regulatory process as well as with economic conditions. In summary, if our utilities have modern, constructive regulatory frameworks in place, we will be able to increase investment to modernize aging infrastructure, allowing us to better meet customers’ expectations for higher quality service and create good paying jobs for our local economy. That is why we are allocating increasing amounts of capital to Illinois electric delivery service and FERC-regulated transmission projects. On Page 6, we illustrate our plans to allocate increasing amounts of investment dollars to these two businesses in the five-year period ending in 2016, compared to the prior five-year period ending in 2015. As you can see, we have increased our spending plans for the Illinois regulated electric and gas delivery services by approximately $400 million from the prior five-year period, primarily reflecting the increased spending on electric delivery service that I mentioned a few moments ago. We have increased our spending plans for transmission by approximately $500 million from the prior five-year period; meanwhile, our spending plans for the Missouri electric utility business for the five years ending in 2016 are essentially flat. I want to be clear that I recognize that in all circumstances, it is our obligation to provide safe and adequate service to our customers, and we have certain minimum expenditures we must make. Those investments have been and will continue to be made. Turning to Page 7, here we translate the capital spending plans we just discussed into regulated rate base. We expect growth of approximately 6% annually over the 2012 to 2016 period. Further, this growth is skewed toward regulatory jurisdictions with constructive formula ratemaking. We believe this will enhance our ability to earn fair returns on our utility investments. Moving to Page 8, as we are taking steps today to address our aging infrastructure, keep our service reliable and our rates competitive, we are also looking to the future to be sure that our company is well positioned to meet our customers’ and our states’ long-term energy needs. In light of our aging coal fleet along with continued uncertainties with environmental regulations and commodity prices, we believe it is prudent to maintain effective resource options for the future. As a result, we announced just a couple weeks ago that Ameren Missouri has entered into agreement with Westinghouse Electric Company, a world leader in nuclear technology and development. Under our agreement, we will exclusively support Westinghouse’s application to the Department of Energy for funds to support the design and commercialization of American-made small modular reactors for the United States and for the rest of the world. This agreement is consistent with our commitment to maintain nuclear energy as an important option to meet Missouri’s future energy needs. In addition, it presents Missouri with significant economic development and job creation opportunities. In essence, Missouri could ultimately become the hub for the design, development and manufacture of American-made small modular nuclear reactors. Our alliance with Westinghouse has broad statewide support, including every electric utility provider in the state, Governor Nixon, a bipartisan group of federal and state legislative leaders, labor, businesses, universities, and others. The potential DOE funding when combined with our investment to date in new nuclear development and our agreement with Westinghouse provides Ameren Missouri with the opportunity to obtain a nuclear combined construction and operating license, or COL, from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission for a small modular reactor at the Callaway site with minimal incremental investment. Obtaining a COL would preserve an important energy option for Ameren Missouri and its customers and be a viable long-term asset. Pursuing and obtaining a COL does not obligate our company to build a nuclear plant, but it does preserve an important energy option and positions Missouri to move forward in a timely fashion should conditions be right to build a small modular reactor in the future. The grant application will be submitted this month and we expect the Department of Energy to make their decision later this summer. Turning to Page 9, I will conclude my prepared remarks with an update on our merchant generation business. We have sold forward or hedged all of our expected 2012 merchant generation output at prices above current market levels. As a result, we continue to expect our merchant generation segment to be free cash flow positive this year and for Ameren Energy Generating Company, or Genco, to provide for its own cash needs with the benefit of existing money pool receivables. However, as we look beyond 2012, we cannot ignore the potential negative impact of low energy and capacity prices on our cash flows. As you are aware, in early 2012 there was a sharp decline in forward power prices. In response, in February we announced an approximately $270 million reduction in capital spending plans for our merchant generation business for the years 2012 through 2014. In the first quarter, decline in power prices also led to the write-down of our Duck Creek energy center, which I mentioned earlier. More recently, we have taken several additional actions to better position our merchant generation business to weather the current period of very low power prices. In late March, Genco entered into a put option agreement with an affiliate. The agreement provides Genco with an additional source of liquidity if such liquidity is needed in the future. It remains our goal for the merchant generation business segment and Genco to provide for their own cash needs. In a second recent action, just yesterday, our merchant generation business filed a request for a variance from the Illinois Multi-Pollutant Standard, or MPS, with the Illinois Pollution Control Board. In our petition, we are seeking additional time to comply with sulfur dioxide emission levels, currently set to become effective January 1, 2015. In exchange for delaying compliance with these levels through 2020, we have proposed a plan that restricts our sulfur dioxide emissions through 2014 to levels lower than those required by the existing MPS, offsetting any environmental impact from the variance. We have indicated to the Pollution Control Board that if we are not granted the variance, or power prices do not materially increase, there is a significant risk that we’ll have to mothball some of our unscrubbed merchant generation coal-fired energy centers beginning in 2015. The Pollution Control Board is expected to rule on our request by late summer 2012. Now I will turn the call over to Marty.
Martin Lyons: Thanks, Tom. Turning to Page 10 of the presentation, today we reported a first quarter 2012 GAAP loss of $1.66 per share compared to first quarter 2011 GAAP earnings of $0.29 per share. Excluding certain items in each year, Ameren recorded first quarter 2012 core earnings of $0.22 per share compared with first quarter 2011 core earnings of $0.25 per share. First quarter 2012 core earnings excluded three items that are included in GAAP earnings. The largest of these non-core items was the non-cash asset impairment charge in our merchant generation business that Tom mentioned earlier. The triggering event for this impairment was the sharp decline in power prices which occurred during the first quarter of 2012. Specifically, we recognized a $628 million pre-tax non-cash impairment charge to reduce the carrying value of our Duck Creek energy center to its estimated fair value. This reduced earnings by $1.55 per share.  The second non-core item was a non-cash quarterly reduction in the income tax benefit recognized in conjunction with the Duck Creek asset impairment. This reduction in income tax benefit was the result of a combination of seasonally low first quarter earnings with the GAAP requirement to recognize income tax expense using the annual estimated effective income tax rate. This item decreased net income by $0.36 per share in the first quarter of 2012 and is projected to fully reverse over the balance of this year. I note that the effective tax rate for the quarter was approximately 24% on a GAAP basis while on a core basis we continue to expect a 2012 rate of approximately 36%. The last non-core item is a $0.03 per share gain from the net effect of unrealized mark-to-market activity. On Page 11, we highlight key factors driving the variance between core earnings per share for the first quarter of 2012 compared to the first quarter of 2011. Key factors adversely affecting the comparison included a decline in margins at our regulated utilities of $0.14 per share after excluding rate changes. We estimate that $0.13 of this $0.14 decline in utility margins was due to lower retail sales as a result of the near-record warm winter temperatures. The decline in margins at the merchant generation business reduced earnings by $0.05 per share, reflecting reduced generation levels due to low spot market prices for energy and higher per megawatt hour fuel and transportation-related expenses. The reduction in first quarter 2012 earnings compared to the first quarter of 2011 also reflected a one-time contribution to the Illinois Science and Energy Innovation Trust related to Ameren Illinois Company’s participation in the state’s electric delivery formula ratemaking framework. This $7.5 million pre-tax contribution, which is not recoverable in rates, reduced earnings by $0.02 per share. Key factors favorably impacting the comparison of first quarter 2012 core earnings to the first quarter 2011 core earnings included changes in electric and gas rates net of certain related expenses, which increased earnings by $0.06 per share. These rates changes included an electric rate increase in Missouri effective in late July 2011 and a gas delivery rate increase in Illinois effective in January 2012. A second factor favorably impacting the earnings comparison was the recognition of revenue related to the Illinois electric delivery formula ratemaking. In the first quarter of 2012, Ameren Illinois recorded a regulatory asset of $12 million with a corresponding increase in electric revenues. The revenue recognized represents our estimate of future cash flows expected to be collected in order to recover first quarter operating costs and in formulaic returns on Illinois electric delivery investments. We will continue to adjust revenues in the associated regulatory asset over the remainder of the year such that at the end of the year, these amounts represent Ameren Illinois’ estimate of future cash flows expected to be approved by the Illinois Commerce Commission through the annual formula rate update process. I’ll discuss this process more in a moment. The final positive factor I would like to mention is lower core non-fuel operations and maintenance expenses which benefited the earnings comparison by $0.09 per share with $0.05 of this due to lower storm-related costs.  Turning now to Page 12, today we are also affirming our 2012 cash flow guidance. As shown on this page, we calculate free cash flow by starting with our projected cash flows from operating activities and subtracting from it expected capital expenditures, other cash flows from investing activities, dividends, and net advances for construction. For 2012, we continue to anticipate that free cash flow will be negative by approximately $230 million; however, as Tom stated, we are also continuing to expect that our merchant generation business will be free cash flow positive.  Turning now to Page 13 and back to a discussion of Illinois formula ratemaking – since January of this year, we have made a series of regulatory filings required by law based on Ameren Illinois’ election to participate in Illinois’ new performance-based formula ratemaking process for electric delivery service. While the results of certain of these filings, which I will discuss in a minute, will establish the level of rates charged to customers in late 2012 and 2013, I want to emphasize that full-year 2012 Illinois electric delivery earnings will reflect a true-up for 2012 rate base and actual cost of service, and include historical ICC ratemaking adjustments. The same will be true in 2013. The return on equity recognized in 2012 will be based on the 2012 12-month average of 30-year treasury yields plus 590 basis points, with a plus or minus 50 basis point collar. To the extent that revenues and regulatory assets are recognized in 2012 in accordance with our formula ratemaking expectations, they will be subject to ICC review and recovery will occur in 2014, as shown on the timeline. Moving now to Page 14, Ameren Illinois’ January initial filing under the performance-based formula ratemaking framework for electric delivery service was based on 2010 actual costs and 2011 and 2012 expected net plant additions. The filing called for a $19 million annual rate decrease. In April, the ICC staff and other intervenors filed their direct testimony in this case. The ICC staff has recommended that rates be decreased by $6 million annually more than Ameren Illinois has proposed. This variance between our request and the staff’s recommendation primarily reflects a lower calculation of 2010 capitalization, primarily lower 2010 average common equity.  On Page 15, we have summarized the positions of the other major intervenors in the case. The revenue requirement recommended by these parties range from 24 to $37 million lower than our filing with 14 to $22 million of this difference reflecting the incorporation of estimated 2011 and 2012 accumulated deferred income taxes, which are direct reductions to rate base Since rates and earnings will be trued up for actual rate base, these adjustments for accumulated deferred income taxes are not expected to impact our reported earnings; however, we and the intervenors in this case do have different views on another issue related to the rate base amount to be used in the eventual true-up calculation. We argue that the legislation specifies that the true-up for a given year should be based on actual rate base at the end of the year. The ICC staff and other intervenors recommend that the ICC use average rate base for that year for the true-up. In an unrelated matter, the Attorney General has recommended an additional $7 million revenue reduction by crediting Ameren Illinois’ electric delivery cost to service with the benefit of the full amount of electric late payment revenue, including the over 50% related to power supply, rather than just the portion related to delivery service. Finally, the Illinois industrial energy customers are recommending limiting the common equity ratio to 50% rather than the amount in our filing. We strongly believe that the rate formula does not permit such a limitation of the equity ratio and thus consider this proposed adjustment unjustified. The ICC administrative law judge are expected to issue their proposed order in this case in August with an ICC decision expected in late September and new rates to be effective in late October, 2012. Turning to Page 16, in April Ameren Illinois made its initial annual electric delivery formula rate update filing. This filing calls for an incremental $15 million annual rate decrease compared to the rates filed in January and is based on 2011 actual costs and 2012 expected net plant additions. The rate filing calls for a reduction in rates beyond those filed in January primarily because of lower rate base and return on equity. The $128 million lower rate base in this filing compared to the January filing reflects the incorporation of 2011 accumulated deferred income taxes, including bonus depreciation.  Under the formula rate template, accumulated deferred income taxes for the prior year – in this case, 2011 – are not incorporated into rate base estimate until the spring update rate filing each year. However, once again it is important to understand that the earnings for a given year will be trued up to that year’s actual rate base, which will include the deduction for actual accumulated deferred income taxes for that given year. The electric delivery rates established in this case will be effective in January 2013. On these next two pages, 17 and 18, we remind you of the highlights of the pending Missouri electric rate case. At the bottom of Page 18 are the key dates in the rate case schedule. The Missouri Public Service Commission staff and other intervenors are required to file direct testimony on revenue requirements by July 6 and a PSC order is expected in December 2012, with new rates expected to be effective in January 2013. Moving now to Page 19, here we provide an update of our 2012 through 2014 forward power sales and hedges for our merchant generation business. Before we move to the updated hedge numbers, at the top of the page we indicate that expected 2012 merchant generation is approximately 25.5 million megawatt hours as of the end of the first quarter. This is down approximately 1.5 million megawatt hours from the estimate we shared with you on our February call and reflects our expectation that we will more aggressively cycle our base load generation stations in order to improve overall margins in this weak power price environment.  You will also note that for 2012, we have hedged an amount greater than our expected generation – approximately 27.5 million megawatt hours. This amount is hedged at an average price of $43 per megawatt hour. The approximately 2 million megawatt hours of hedging in excess of expected generation is expected to be settled on a profitable basis using financial instruments or additional generation to the extent power prices improve. Moving to 2013, we have now hedged approximately 19 million megawatt hours at an average price of $37 per megawatt hour. Further, for 2014 we have hedged approximately 11 million megawatt hours at an average price of $38 per megawatt hour. To assist you in understanding our merchant generation business segment’s margin drivers, we have provided a pie chart that breaks down our 2012 expected revenue by type. Finally turning to Page 20, here we update our merchant generation segment’s fuel and related transportation hedges. For 2012, we have hedged approximately 25 million megawatt hours at about $24 per megawatt hour. For 2013, we have hedged approximately 18 million megawatt hours at about $24.50 per megawatt hour, approximately $1 per megawatt hour less than the number we provided in February. For 2014, we’ve now hedged approximately 9 million megawatt hours at about $24.50 per megawatt hour, again approximately $1 per megawatt hour less than the number we shared with you in February.  Similar to our previous slide detailing merchant generation revenues, we have included a pie chart that breaks down forecasted 2012 all-in fuel costs to provide perspective on how each component contributes to our overall cost. This completes our prepared remarks.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question and answer session. If you would like to ask a question, please press star, one on your telephone keypad. A confirmation tone will indicate your line is in the question queue. You may press star, two if you would like to remove your question from the queue. We ask that you please limit your time to one question and one follow-up as necessary. For participants using speaker equipment, it may be necessary to pick up your handset before pressing the star keys. One moment, please, while we poll for questions. Thank you. Our first question is from the line of Paul Ridzon with Keybanc. Please state your question.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc: Can you just give the drivers behind the revised guidance, kind of what drove merchant up? I guess it was weather that took the regulated down.
Martin Lyons: Sure, Paul, this is Marty. In terms of the overall guidance, obviously the guidance is affirmed and unchanged; but within the guidance, the regulated upper and lower ends came down about $0.05. In merchant, lower and upper ends went up by about $0.05, and they netted out, obviously. The big driver for the quarter, really, in the regulated business was weather, as you heard on the call. Weather impacted our earnings negatively versus last year by about an estimated $0.13, and versus normal about $0.10. We had very warm winter weather, and it was that $0.10 weather variance versus normal that caused us to move our guidance down for the regulated businesses by about $0.05.  On the merchant side, our guidance had been zero to $0.10 of earnings. We moved it up to $0.05 to $0.15. As a result of the impairment of our Duck Creek energy center, depreciation expense will actually be lower going forward, and so the increase in our guidance for merchant reflects that reduction in depreciation expense.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc: And is there any precedent for delaying the environmental that you’ve proposed?
Martin Lyons: This is Marty again. The Illinois Pollution Control Board, who we’ve filed with, has a history of weighing a number of things – impacts of a proposed variance to the environment, as well as the cost of coming into compliance and economic impacts of the compliance plan that is either planned or the alternatives to that plan. So they have a history of balancing environmental issues with economic issues, and there has been precedent in the state for variances to be granted. In fact, there’s some precedent even here with us where variances have in the past been granted by the Pollution Control Board. So we’re optimistic that our proposed plan will be received favorably by the Board.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc: And how is the interplay with EPA regs?
Martin Lyons: Well, as you know, some of those EPA regs are a bit in flux, as we saw the appeal of the CSAPR rules and then the MATS rules come into play later down the line. You may recall as a result of our compliance with the Illinois multi-pollutant standard, we’ve made significant investments in environmental controls. We burn low-sulfur Powder River Basin coal. We control mercury through the use of activated carbon. We’ve got a lot of controls in our plants, and those controls, those investments are positioning us well in our merchant business for compliance with MATS, and then we’ll see how CSAPR evolves, although we feel like we were positioned well for compliance with the CSAPR rules that existed before as a result, again, of our use of Powder River Basin coal, the scrubbers we have on some of our plants, as well as the decision last year to shut down a couple of our older, uncontrolled plants.
Paul Ridzon – Keybanc: Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from Paul Patterson of Glenrock Associates. Please state your question.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Good morning. Can you hear me?
Thomas Voss: Yes, Paul, we can. Good morning.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: With respect to the $0.36 of tax adjustment that gets fully reversed, is that going to be showing up in operating earnings going forward for the rest of the year?
Martin Lyons: No. Let me describe what that is. Basically what it is from a GAAP accounting standard, we’re required to book to the estimated end of year effective tax rate, which given the impairment charge that we took and projecting out to the end of the year, we’re forecasting about a 24.5% effective tax rate. So we’re required to book to that in the first quarter. Because our earnings excluding the impairment charge are seasonal and heavily weighted towards the third quarter, the earnings in the first quarter excluding the impairment charge are pretty low. So when you take that impairment charge and you tax effect it at, say, a 40% kind of effective tax rate, it has the effect of really pushing the effective tax rate down for the quarter down to a very low level. So we had to—we described the decrease to the benefit of the Duck Creek impairment tax effect basically increased the effective tax rate up to that 24.5% level in the first quarter. But between now and the end of the year, and likely between now and the end of the third quarter, that will reverse out.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: And will that show up in earnings?
Martin Lyons: Well yes, it would show up in GAAP earnings but not core.
Paul Patterson- Glenrock Associates: Okay, but it won’t be showing up in core earnings. And the $0.05, that’s for the three quarters ended—I’m sorry, the last three quarters of this year, and I guess the full-year impact will just be—you know, we just annualized that impact? Is that how we should think about it?
Martin Lyons: Are you talking about the depreciation from—
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Yes, the deprecation from Duck Creek, yeah.
Martin Lyons: Yeah, it’s about—Paul, it’s about $25 million, so I think that’s probably about $0.06 per share, so the $0.05 per share is really this current year expected impact.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: And why only Duck Creek? That was the only one that was impaired. Is that because of pollution control equipment, or how should we think of that?
Martin Lyons: Well, you’re right, Paul. That’s exactly right; it’s part of the answer, anyway. When you do an impairment test from an accounting perspective, first you look at the expected gross cash flows undiscounted over the remaining lives of the generating assets and then compare it to the carrying values. The Duck Creek facility did have a high book value or carrying value per megawatt, and that was really a function, as you mention, of the environmental equipment that is on that plant and that we invested in. But also, you might recall, Paul, that generating unit was actually acquired when Ameren acquired CILCORP years ago, and as a result at that time in purchase accounting, that plant was written up to its then fair value. So it had a higher book value as a result of that purchase accounting, and then on top of that the investments were made for environmental controls, so it had a fairly high book value compared to our other plants.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay, great. Thanks a lot, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Terran Miller with Cantor Fitzgerald. Please state your question.
Terran Miller – Cantor Fitzgerald: Good morning. Two follow-up questions – first is if the Illinois regulators make a decision on the environmental issues, is that going to be precedent-setting for the state or do you think it’s just limited to your request?
Thomas Voss: Well, I think it’s specific to our request. As I said earlier, I think there is precedent for the Pollution Control Board to grant variances like the one we have requested, so I don’t think it’s precedent-setting in terms of the Pollution Control Board ruling favorably in terms of our specific request. But I don’t think that then would apply to others. It’s really an Ameren Energy Resources specific variance request.
Terran Miller – Cantor Fitzgerald: Okay, and just as a follow-up from Paul Ridzon’s question, if CSAPR rules are not changed, can you get to 2020 without having to scrub?
Thomas Voss: Well, I think we’re positioned pretty well for those rules. I guess I don’t have the data here in front of me to say whether we’ll well positioned all the way out through 2020 or what some of the impacts may be, but we are positioned well for it, again as I mentioned earlier for the reasons I mentioned earlier. When we looked at the emission allowances or the credits that we had as a result of the shut down of the Meredosia and the Hutsonville facilities we did last year, as well as the pollution control equipment we have in place and the use of the Powder River basin coal, so we’re positioned well. We’ll see what happens with the CSAPR rules, where they come out; but again, I talked about this on the February call, when we looked at the deceleration of the Newton scrubber, when we looked at the rules that were most restrictive for us out in that 2015 time frame, it was the Illinois multi-pollutant standard that was the significant limitation, absent the scrubbers.
Terran Miller – Cantor Fitzgerald: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Ashar Khan with Visium. Please state your question.
Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management: Hi Marty, how are you doing? Marty, I just wanted to understand—I guess Genco’s doing really well in terms of free cash flow this year, but the hedging slide that you gave us updated kind of nearly shows if one puts in the remaining non-hedged portion that the price could be dropping something like $9 or $10 on a base around ’12 to ’13, which would imply that the business becomes negative cash flow next year. So can you tell me, what is the plan – is the parent going to provide, or how are we going to address this negative cash flow going forward? What is the strategy behind funding the business?
Martin Lyons: Sure, Ashar. I think, Ashar, we’re still focused on the merchant business and Genco maintaining an ability to meet its own cash needs and to stay cash flow positive, so we haven’t given any guidance yet so I’m—I know you’ve got your own model, I’m not going to comment on the figures you threw out. But that is our goal, that is our focus, and as you saw earlier this quarter, we did put in place a put option that to the extent Genco found itself needing financial resources, could put its gas-fired assets over to its affiliate for an immediate $100 million of cash, and then that would be trued up to fair value so that it would actually receive fair value for the assets. That’s consistent with one of the things that we’ve been talking about for a number of quarters, that Genco does have certain assets that it could sell. We have, as you’ve seen over the past couple of years, we’ve sold some of our smaller gas-fired units and that’s an option for Genco to the extent that it did need to raise cash as a fall-back. But it’s certainly focused on trying to reduce its capital expenditures, reduce operating costs, continuing to work to market its power to higher margin customers and meet its own cash needs.
Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management: Okay, but does the parent in terms of the write-down—or I guess what you’re saying is you’re going to sell the assets to fund it, or does the parent need equity to fund it as well going forward? Is it going to be a combination of both, or it’s just the Genco selling assets and plugging the hole?
Martin Lyons: Well Ashar, I guess the answer I’m trying to convey is first and foremost, they’re going to try to manage operating costs and capital expenditures to work towards a cash flow positive situation. With respect to Genco, it could then pursue sales of assets, if needed, to generate cash, and those are the primary focus areas. In terms of the impairment, the impairment was not a Genco asset; it was an energy resources asset but over in the AERG subsidiary, so the impairment really didn’t affect Genco, the legal entity. It basically rolls up and impacts only Ameren’s financial statements, and as you see today, nearly 52% equity in our total capital structure after the write-off and we have plenty of liquidity – over $2 billion of liquidity. So really, no impact on cash. Our equity content and our cap structure remain strong, and so overall don’t see a need for additional equity at this point.
Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management: Okay, thank you so much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of David Paz from Bank of America. Please state your question.
David Paz – Bank of America: Good morning. I have a question, just a follow-up on Ashar’s question. If the Genco put option is exercised, would AERG issue its own debt or would it borrow from the parent?
Martin Lyons: Yeah, David – no, AERG would borrow from the parent. AERG doesn’t have any borrowing capacity of its own, so it could borrow from the parent but then the idea, David, is that AERG would be buying those assets from Genco at fair value and could turn around and sell those assets at that price, generate the cash, and pay down that borrowing. So that’s the idea of it – that if some amount of money goes into Genco for those assets, an equivalent amount of value comes out in the form of power plants which could then be resold to pay down the debt.
David Paz – Bank of America: Got it, okay. My original question was on dividend policy – I’m curious if you have an update how should we think about dividend policy going forward. I know you have 6%, or roughly 6%, rate base growth. Should we expect continued dividend growth?
Thomas Voss: This is Tom Voss. You know, we really haven’t articulated a dividend growth policy, but it’s management’s objective to continue to grow our utility earnings by making disciplined investments in the utility infrastructure, and as we grow the earnings and cash flows of the regulated business, we’ll continue then hopefully to grow the dividend. But any future increase will be a Board decision and it will be based on our recent financial performance and current financial position, as well as our outlook for earnings, cash flows, and financial position.
David Paz – Bank of America: Now is that outlook to earnings exclusive to regulated, or is it overall?
Thomas Voss: Regulated earnings.
David Paz – Bank of America: Great. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question is from the line of Reza Hatefi with Decade Capital Management. Please state your question.
Reza Hatefi – Decade Capital Management: Hi, thank you. I guess you have a great utility rate base kegger, but I assume that’s probably running a little negative cash flow and then we’ll see what happens with the merchant segment. How should we think about financing over the next two, three years to achieve this rate base kegger? Do you need to reinstitute the DRIP-dribble or will there be equity in 2013, ’14? How is that going to get financed, I guess?
Martin Lyons: Good morning, Reza, this is Marty. I think when you look out and you do your modeling, I think you should assume that over time we’re going to look to keep the equity content in our cap structure in alignment with generally where it is. I’ve talked about this before – generally in that 50 to 53% kind of equity content in the total capital structure. So as we move through time, we’ll want to keep a strong balance sheet and a strong equity content in our cap structure.  As you know, we don’t have the DRIP-dribble program currently issuing any new shares, but as we said I think on our first quarter call, that that’s something that we’ll evaluate on a year-to-year basis; and to the extent that equity is needed to keep the balance sheets of our utilities in that strong and that kind of category that I mentioned, we’ll certainly act to do that. But it’s important when you look out over time to remember that these businesses do generate significant earnings each year over and above that which is paid out in dividends, so there’s the ability to reinvest retained earnings over time. And I’d also point out that you see the 6% kegger in the overall rate base but you’ve also got an allocation going to those jurisdictions that have formulaic ratemaking, which over time should allow us to continue to bring up our blended earned ROE on that rate base. So in addition to the 6% rate base, you’ll hopefully also see a little bit of growth in the blended average earned returns, which helps as well.
Reza Hatefi – Decade Capital Management: And then just finally kind of thinking about your regulated earnings power, should I just basically take this new rate base slide and use that, or is there anything else that I’m missing in terms of getting your regulated earnings power?
Martin Lyons: No, I think you’re on the right track. I think we just talked about a few things that you would have to consider, and that’s the rate base growth, the allocation of the capital to the various jurisdictions and how that affects the blended earned ROE, and then over time as you model it out, how we would go about financing that, which again I said largely would be through reinvestment of retained earnings, some debt financing, and then depending on your model some consideration of additional equity, but the objective getting to that 50 to 53% equity ratio.
Reza Hatefi – Decade Capital Management: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. As a reminder, ladies and gentlemen, we ask that you please limit your time to one question and one follow-up as necessary. Our next question is from Michael Lapides of Goldman Sachs. Please state your question.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Hey guys. Congrats on a good quarter and obviously in terms of some of the regulatory improvements you’ve made in your jurisdictions over the last couple of years. O&M – can you talk—I just want to make sure I understand – year-over-year from 2011 to 2012, both at the regulated side and at the merchant side, what’s embedded in guidance for year-over-year changes in O&M.
Martin Lyons: Thanks, Michael. I think we would refer you back to the first quarter call transcript, but I think when you look at overall, it’s in Missouri you’re seeing actually a trend down in O&M. You’ll recall that late last year, we actually had a voluntary retirement or severance plan that ended up having about a 340 headcount reduction overall between Ameren Missouri as well as our business in corporate services area. So that’s rolling through in terms of cost savings this year.  For the merchant business, we actually kind of gave out a specific number that was down a little bit from the prior year, which was about—an expectation of O&M expense of about $290 million. Again, like I said, it’s a little bit down from last year. And then in Illinois, I think the important thing to remember there is whatever the O&M costs are, those will actually be included in the formula ratemaking adjustment that we book this year. So whether they were to go up or down, it would result in more or less revenue being recognized under the formulaic rate adjustment. We do expect those O&M expenses, however, to go up as we are ramping up to meet the requirements of the law in terms of investments and job creation. So those O&M expenses are going up in Illinois this year.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And thinking about Illinois, in your guidance, what rate base is assumed in guidance for 2012, and what earned ROE level is assumed in your guidance level for this year?
Martin Lyons: I’ll see whether somebody has the rate base number – I don’t have that off the top. But we did—you know, Michael, overall in terms of the ROE, the midpoint of our ROE reflects about a 9.2% earned ROE, or assumed earned ROE in Illinois. That assumes average treasury yields of about 3.3% for the year, so that’s the ROE that we had embedded as a midpoint. You’ll recall that there is a—you know, where the ROE actually ends at the end of the year will be a function of where the 30-year treasury yields actually go over the course of the year, and then there’s a plus or minus 50 basis point collar on that ROE.  One thing I might mention is that that plus or minus 50 basis point collar equates to about a plus or minus $0.025 per share, so there’s a band or a collar on the ROE based again on the formula.  One of the things I’d point you to just in terms of rate base was that in our January 3 filing – and this was on Slide 14 – the rate base in that January 3 filing was about 2.16 billion, actually shown on that slide. What that represented was the rate base from the 2010 FERC Form 1 plus 2011 and 2012 net plant additions. And then what that wouldn’t reflect is simply adjustments to the deferred tax balances.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Got it, because I noticed that in the Com Madison (ph) filing process, there was about a $500 million difference in the rate base between the ALHA order and a lot of the company and even the intervenors, which has a significant impact. Are you guys facing a similar issue?
Martin Lyons: I would say, Michael, that it’s probably in the $200 million range for us, I would believe. The other thing to remember about Illinois, and that’s just we’re talking about the electric delivery rate base. You’ve also, of course, got the gas rate base that we’re earning on as well as the transmission rate base in Illinois, so that’s not total Illinois rate base.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs:  Understood. Thanks, guys. Much appreciated.
Operator: Thank you. As a reminder, we ask that you limit your time to one question and one follow-up as necessary. Our next question is from Tom Rebinoff of Fore Research & Management. Please state your question.
Tom Rebinoff – Fore Research & Management: Hey guys, good morning. Just a quick question – I wanted to go back to CSAPR one more time. I just wanted to make sure that I understand what you were trying to convey. So basically you guys said you are well positioned for CSAPR. So what does that mean exactly, then? I guess if Illinois does not approve—sorry, if Illinois does approve your request, would you have to spend any more money on CAPEX beyond what you’ve told us already, or is that going to be it? And then I guess how do we think about what you mentioned on the last call in terms of having to start thinking about the scrubbers for Newton by the end of this year, maybe early next year?
Martin Lyons: Yeah, sure. You know, I think in terms of CSAPR, again, when we looked out to 2015 absent the Newton scrubber and if the multi-pollutant standard wasn’t in place, we believe we were positioned well for compliance with CSAPR and don’t believe the Newton scrubber would be needed to meet the CSAPR requirements. That’s why we’re very focused on the multi-pollutant standard variance and relief. Your question about the considerations around the Newton scrubber – obviously we’re pursuing this relief from the Pollution Control Board relative to the MPS. Absent that relief, we would be sort of back to where we were, I would say, when we last talked on our year-end earnings call, which would be that we believe that if we reaccelerate the scrubber project, it would take about 20 to 24 months to complete that; and again, the way the multi-pollutant standard currently works, there’s a ratchet down in terms of SO2 emissions out in the 2015 time frame. So sometime in the first half of next year is sort of the point that is critical, and if we decided to reaccelerate sometime in the first half of next year, we’d be in a position to have the scrubbers in place the first half of 2015. But again, there are a lot of factors we’ll consider in making that evaluation and making that decision. Today, as we’ve said, market prices and capacity prices just don’t seem to justify completion of that scrubber, and we’ll continue to evaluate things as we move through time.
Tom Rebinoff – Fore Research & Management: Okay, got it. And so then a quick follow-up question – I guess it’s the Illinois Pollution Control Board that will have to opine on your request. Now, is the MISO—or I guess, does the MISO have a say in this at all, or no?
Martin Lyons: No, I don’t believe so.
Tom Rebinoff – Fore Research & Management: Okay, got it. Thank you, guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question is from the line of Alex Tai of Standard General. Please state your question.
Alex Tai – Standard General: Hi guys, good morning. I actually just wanted to follow up on Tom’s question there. Specifically, you said that you probably will not need a scrubber if you comply, you believe, with the EPA regs. So what about other forms of capital expenditure? Would you need anything else, or do you think you’re all set, period?
Thomas Voss: You were breaking up a little bit, but I think your question was would the capital expenditures that we’ve got, or the pollution control equipment that’s in place, we’d be sort of all set. I think the answer is yes. We’ve made significant investments in pollution control equipment. We’re incurring significant O&M costs today for compliance with the multi-pollutant standard, and those things position us well in terms of the federal air emissions rules that we’re aware of today.
Alex Tai – Standard General: Got it, okay. So it really is only the state pollution rules that are imposing the need for new environmental capital expenditures?
Thomas Voss: Well, yes, for this Newton scrubber project, that’s right; and again, I’d refer you to our five-year CAPEX plans that we put out in our 10-K, and you’ll see them updated in the 10-Q, but really no change. Based on the equipment we’ve got in place, the capital expenditure plans we’ve laid out, we believe we’ll be positioned well.
Alex Tai – Standard General: Okay. And this is a slightly different but same line of questioning, I guess – you’ve disclosed that you’ve increased the hedges on the merchant generating segment. Is there any breakdown of where those new hedges are? Are they within the Genco or within AERG?
Thomas Voss: Yeah, no breakdown there. You know, they’re AER overall hedges.
Alex Tai – Standard General: Got it. Okay, great. Thank you, guys.
Doug Fischer: This is Doug Fischer. Operator, we’ve exceeded our scheduled hour but I think we’ll take just two more questions. So Operator, if you’d please put those through.
Operator: Thank you, Mr. Fischer. Our next question is from Julian Dumoulin-Smith with UBS.
Julian Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Hey, good morning. So first, you’ve talked a lot about the peaker asset sales. Just kind of curious – any outlook in terms of getting that done and the follow-up there? The Grand Towers unit, I imagine that one has got a better heat rate. How much did it run in the quarter?
Thomas Voss: Julian, I don’t have any specific data on Grand Tower or the other couple of peakers to share with you. We do expect the Grand Tower will be running more this year than it has in the past, given the low power prices. Overall on your other question, really no update on the overall process. Again, the put option was put in place really as more of a—if an emergency situation need arose, Genco could put those assets. You know, one of the things we pointed out on our year-end call was that Genco had money pool loans that were made to affiliates at year-end. Those balances have actually grown a little bit here in the first quarter. I think when you see their balance sheet, I think they’ve got about $95 million loan to affiliates, so really no immediate need for cash. There is—you know, the loans that have been made to affiliates, so there’s really no process underway right now to sell those assets. 
Julian Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Great. And just to make sure I heard you loud and clear here, in terms of actually achieving that 0.38 standard under the new 2020 extension, there really is nothing incrementally for you to do – it’s probably just running a little bit more of the, call it running perhaps your scrubber just a little bit harder, or something like that. Is it something akin to that?
Thomas Voss: Julian, that’s right. We have the ability, given the controls we’ve put in place, to meet that more stringent standard, and with no additional cost. So we, again, believe that’s something that, as you say, if we push the scrubber equipment that we’ve got in place, we’ll be able to achieve that.
Julian Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: All right, great. Thanks for being explicit there.
Operator: Thank you. Our final question today is coming from Raymond Leung of Goldman Sachs. Please state your question.
Raymond Leung – Goldman Sachs: Hey, guys. Thanks for the call. A couple of my big questions were answered with respect to where you were getting the cash on the put and the intercompany loan; but can you talk about how you guys are thinking about—I think in your K, you indicated that you may trip to your covenant. Should we just assume that bank line, you can’t access that going forward? And just to clarify, you indicated if you were to comply with the Illinois rule here that you probably wouldn’t see much of an incremental increase in the operating costs if you got the variance?
Thomas Voss: Right. So that is what I just said – is that we wouldn’t expect to see incremental operating costs as a result of the variance being granted. And I think your other question was—I’m sorry, could you repeat the other question?
Raymond Leung – Goldman Sachs: Well, you guys indicated in your K that you may sort of trip an interest covenant test. Can you talk about how you’re thinking about that and how you may try to deal with that, or if you think you can deal with it at all?
Thomas Voss: Yeah, yeah. I’m sorry – I was focused on the second question and had forgotten the first. But yeah, when you end up seeing our disclosures for the first quarter, they’ll mirror those from year-end, that essentially based on the covenant that borrowings at Genco we forecast to be restricted by the end of the first quarter of next year. So there won’t be any change in the disclosures in the Q relative to the K, which is why we put the put option in place. We wanted to make sure there was clarity in terms of if Genco needed access to cash, access to liquidity, how would it arrange that, because as you say, looking ahead one might assume really no borrowing access under the revolver, based on that disclosure that we’ve made.
Raymond Leung – Goldman Sachs: Okay, thanks.
Doug Fischer: Okay, this is Doug Fischer. I want to thank everybody for participating in today’s call. Let me remind you again that this call is available for one year on our website. You may also call the contacts listed on the release. Financial analyst inquiries should be directed to me, Doug Fischer, or to Matt Thayer. Media should call Brian Bretsch. Our contact numbers are on the news release. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren Corporation and have a good day.
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2011 Q4  (2012-02-23 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas Fischer – Director, IR Tom Voss – Chairman, President and CEO Martin Lyons – SVP, CFO
Analysts: Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS Tom Rebinoff – Fore Research and Management David Paz – BofA/Merrill Lynch Reza Hitucki – Decade Capital Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs Greg Reiss – Catapult John Murphy – Green Arrow
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Ameren Corporation’s Fourth Quarter Earnings Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. [Operator Instructions] As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Douglas Fischer, Director of IR for Ameren Corporation. Thank you, sir. You may now begin.
Douglas Fischer: Thank you, and good morning. I’m Doug Fischer, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today are our Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Voss; our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Marty Lyons; and other members of Ameren management team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call is being broadcast live on the Internet and the webcast will be available for one year on our website at www.ameren.com. Further, this call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today’s live broadcast. Redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on our website that will be referenced during this call. To access this presentation, please look in the Investor section of our website under webcasts and presentations and follow the appropriate link. Turning to page two of the presentation, I need to inform you that comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions, and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in the forward-looking statements. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the forward-looking statement section in the news release we issued today, and the forward-looking statements and risk factors section in our filing with the SEC. Tom will begin this call with an overview of 2011 earnings and 2012 guidance, followed by a discussion of recent business and regulatory developments. Marty will follow with more detailed discussions of 2011 financial results, our 2012 guidance and regulatory and other financial matters. We will then open the call for questions. Here’s Tom, who will start on page three of the presentation.
Tom Voss: Thanks, Doug. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Core earnings for 2011 were $2.56 per share in line with the increased guidance range we provided in November of last year. As expected, these 2011 results were below the $2.75 of core earnings per share achieved in 2010. This reflected lower electric sales to native load utility customers due in part to summer temperatures that while warmer than normal were below those very hot 2010. In addition, merchant generation margins decline as a result of lower realized power and capacity prices, as well as higher fuel and transportation related expenses. These factors were offset in part by increased electric utility rates in Missouri and Illinois. Further, core non-fuel operations and maintenances expenses were lower, reflecting continued disciplined cost management, and interest cost fell as we used our free cash flow over the last two years to reduce outstanding debt. Beginning on page four you will find a list of our key accomplishments in 2011. These accomplishments are clear evidence of our commitment to providing customers with safe, reliable, environmentally responsible, and reasonably priced energy while at the same time enhancing value for our shareholders. To put these accomplishments into context it is important to summarize some of our key financial objectives. At our regulated utilities, we seek to earn fair returns on our investments, which allow us to attract on competitive terms the capital we need to provide the level of service our customers expect. We are working around fair returns by maintaining solid operating performance while improving our regulatory frameworks and seeking rate release as needed. Further we are committed to allocating capital to those projects on which we expect to earn fair returns and aligning our spending with regulatory outcomes and economic conditions. At our merchant generation business we seek to protect and enhance shareholder value by minimizing operating and capital spending during the current period of low power prices while advocating for regulatory policies and power market improvements that will lead to improved economics. While I’ll not touch on each of the 2011 accomplishments listed on pages four and five, I would like to summarize and highlight a few of our successes. At Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois, we posted another year of solid distribution system reliability. At Ameren Missouri and our merchant generation business availability of our energy centers remained high. Our restoration efforts following severe storms in both Missouri and Illinois won praise from government officials. In addition, in 2011, we actively pursued legislative and regulatory agendas that we expect will improve predictability and level of earned returns at our regulated utilities. The most notable development on this front was the enactment by the State of Illinois of legislation established on performance based formula ratemaking for electric delivery service. Further, we thought and obtained electric and gas rate increases in Missouri and a gas rate increase in Illinois, the latter of which was authorized in January of 2012. Continuing on page five, at our merchant generation business we updated our environmental compliance strategy during 2011, leading to reductions in capital spending plans and expected future operating costs compared to our prior plans. Ameren Transmission Company also notched important successes allowing us to move forward with our plans to improve the region’s electric transmission system and also create jobs. In May, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission or FERC approved requested constructive rate treatment for two transmission projects. And in December, the Midwest Independent Transmission System Operator or MISO approved three major transmission projects. On the financial front, we concluded another year of successful cost management with a decline in core non-fuel operations and maintenance expenses. In addition, we generated enough cash flow from operations to fund more than $1 billion of investments. And the common dividend while also reducing outstanding borrowings and more than 85% of these investments were for infrastructure at our regulated utilities. Finally, in October of 2011, Ameren’s Board of Directors increased the quarterly common dividend by3.9% per share. Moving now to page six in a forward focus, today we announced 2012 GAAP and core earnings guidance of $2.20 to $2.50 per share. The projected decline in 2012 core earnings per share compared to 2011 is primarily due to expected lower margins at our merchant generation business and an assumed return to normal temperatures. These factors are expected to be partly offset by increased utility rates as well as reduced non-fuel operations and maintenance expenses in Missouri. Turning to page seven on pending regulatory matters, in January of 2012, Ameren Illinois elected to participate in Illinois’ new performance based formula ratemaking process for electric delivery service by making an initial filing with the Illinois Commerce Commission. As a result, we expect Ameren Illinois’ electric delivery earnings in 2012 and beyond to reflect formula ratemaking, which will enable us to invest in a state improving infrastructure and creating jobs. The improved infrastructure will enhance reliability and provide customers with the energy usage options made possible by smart meters. Turning to Missouri, we are focused on modernizing the existing regulatory framework. Our modern regulatory framework that allows us to recover and earn fair returns on our investments on a timely basis, will improve our ability to bring aging infrastructure up to 21st standards, allowing us to meet customer expectations and create jobs. Earlier this month, Ameren Missouri filed an electric rate case with the Missouri Public Service Commission seeking to recover its operating and capital costs and to earn a fair return on investments it has made to serve its customers. Marty will provide details of the filings in a few minutes. However, I would like to highlight two proposals we have made in this case to enhance the existing regulatory framework. First, we are seeking approval of a storm cost tracking mechanism that wd provide the opportunity to recover costs to restore service after major storms in a manner that is fair to both our customers and our investors. Second, we are seeking approval of a new plant-in-service accounting proposal. This proposal is designed to reduce the impact of regulatory lag on earnings and future cash flows related to assets placed in service between rate cases. In addition to the pending electric rate case, in January 2012 Ameren and Missouri filed its first request with the Missouri Public Service Commission for approval of new and expanded energy efficiency programs under the Missouri Energy Efficiency Investment Act. Our proposed energy efficiency programs are expected to provide significant long-term benefits to our customers. The energy efficiency legislation was designed to enable utilities to pursue cost effective energy efficiency programs by requiring that the regulatory framework properly align the utility’s financial incentives with those of customers. Ameren Missouri’s ability to move forward with these proposed energy efficiency programs will require a regulatory frame work consistent with this legislation. And our energy efficiency proposal is consistent with the legislation and industry best practices. Before I conclude my comments on pending regulatory matters, I want to mention that we support the MISO’s filing at the FERC for an annual capacity construct, as a first step although we continue to advocate for a multi-year capacity construct to ensure properly functioning power markets. Further, we strongly support MISO’s effort at FERC to increase the amount of capacity that can be shared across the MISO, PJM seen. Constructive action on these matters is the right thing for FERC to do because it’d lead to prices that more accurately reflect the value of capacity, improve efficiency and reliability, and benefit customers over the long-term. Turning to page eight. Our merchant generation business has produced positive free cash flows in recent years including over $200 million in 2011. This reflects the benefit of our forward power sales in hedging programs and actions we have taken to control spending. For 2012, we’ve again sold forward or hedged nearly all of our expected 2012 merchant generation output at prices above current market levels. As a result, we expect our merchant generation segment to be free cash flow positive in 2012 and for Genco with the benefit of existing money pool receivables to provide for its own cash needs. As we look beyond 2012, we cannot ignore the potential negative impact of lower prices on our cash flows. As most of you are aware, since late 2011, there has been a sharp decline in forward power prices. We attribute this most recent price decline to the U.S. Court of appeals order staying the Cross-State Air Pollution Rule or CSAPR, as well as the recent decline in natural gas prices. It is unclear to us exactly when legal and regulatory uncertainties related to CSAPR will be resolved and when natural gas and power prices will recover. This decline has prompted us to again revise capital spending plans for our merchant generation business. As a result, we have decided to immediately decelerate construction of the Newton scrubber project postponing installation until such time as the incremental investment necessary for completion is justified by the visible market conditions. In addition, we are moving from our forward five-year expenditure plans to previously planned Edwards 3 helper electrostatic precipitator. We believe that these actions are the best path to ensuring appropriate returns on incremental environmental investments and achieving continued positive free cash flow at our merchant generation business segment during this period of low power prices. We estimate that these actions will reduce 2012 through 2014 capital needs by a total of approximately $270 million compared to prior plans. As we work to ramp down the Newton Scrubber Project, we will do so in a manner that preserves the value of work commissioned to-date. We plan to take delivery and place the various completed components and materials into a safe store condition over the remainder of this year. Thereafter, we’ll perform minimal amounts of ongoing construction activity, such that when the economics merit completing the Newton Scrubber Project in earnest, we’ll able to do so in an orderly and cost effective manner. We have already initiated discussions with our partners and vendors on the task, timelines, and cost, associated with decelerating the project. Based on these discussions we have removed the vast majority of capital spending related to the Newton Scrubber Project from our 2013 and 2014 plans and we have reduced our expected 2012 spending level on the Newton Scrubbers to approximately $150 million reflecting work commissioned to-date. These developments highlight the critical need for a viable multiyear capacity market in the MISO region, as well as a need for portability of capacity between MISO and PJM. The current state of uncertainty arising from low power prices and uncertain environmental rules has a potential in my view to negatively impact electric reliability within MISO and elsewhere in the nation. Moving now to page nine, we remain very excited about our plans to symmetrically grow our investments in FERC regulated electric transmission projects. In fact, Ameren expects to invest a total of approximately $1.7 billion in such projects over the five-year period ending in 2016. Customer should benefit from improved reliability in a more efficient electric system. Our investors should benefit because we expect to earn fair returns on such investments. At this time, we are investing in FERC regulated transmission through two different entities, Ameren Illinois Company and ATX. Ameren Illinois has significant opportunities to invest in projects that are focused on local load growth and reliability needs. This business expects to invest nearly $900 million in such projects over the five-year period. ATX plans to build Greenfield regional transmission projects initially within Illinois and Missouri and to invest approximately $750 million in such projects over the next five years. In December of 2011, MISO’s Board of Directors approved three of ATX projects as multi-value projects. These projects represent more than $1.2 billion of ATX investments over eight years and we are moving ahead with development of these projects. In fact, for the largest of these the $800 plus million Illinois Rivers project we are moving forward with the line routing and siting process. I will now turn the call over to Marty.
Martin Lyons: Thanks Tom. Turning to page 10 of the presentation, today we reported 2011 earnings in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP of $2.15 per share compared to 2010 GAAP earnings of $0.58 per share. Excluding certain items in each year Ameren recorded 2011 core earnings of $2.56 per share compared with 2010 core earnings of $2.75 per share. 2011 core earnings exclude three items that are included in GAAP earnings. The first of these non-core items is employee separation charges related to the 2011 voluntary retirement offer, which reduced earnings by $0.07 per share. The second non-core item is $0.02 per share loss from the net effect of unrealized mark-to-market activity. The third of these full year 2011 non-core items is goodwill, impairment and other charges, taken into the third quarter of $0.32 per share. These charges were the results of Missouri Public Service Commission’s disallowance of cost of enhancements related to the rebuilding of the Taum Sauk Pumped-storage hydroelectric energy center as well as our decision to cease operations at the Meredosia and Hutsonville merchant generation energy centers. Turning to page 11, here we highlight key factors driving the variance between core earnings per share for 2011 and 2010. Key factors adversely affecting the comparison include a decline in margins at our regulated utilities of $0.30 per share after excluding rate changes. We estimate that $0.13 of this decline was due to lower weather-normalized loads and $0.10 was primarily the result of temperatures that were below those – very hot 2010. Another $0.05 of the decline was due to a second quarter 2011 charge, related to Missouri public service commission requirement that certain revenues be flow-through the fuel adjustment clause. A decline in margins at the merchant generation business reduced 2011 earnings by $0.21 per share. The reduced margins reflected lower realized power and capacity prices and higher fuel and related transportation costs. Several severe storms in the first half of 2011 reduced earnings by $0.09 per share, with $0.06 of this related to Ameren Missouri and $0.03 related to Ameren Illinois. Key factors favorably impacting the comparison of 2011 core earnings to 2010 core earnings, included electric rate increases in Missouri and Illinois. Changes in electric and gas rates net of certain related expenses increased earnings by $0.23 per share. These rate changes included higher electric rates in Illinois effective in 2010, and an electric rate increase in Missouri effective in late July 2011. The other key factor positively impacting earnings was lower core non-fuel operations and maintenance expenses, which benefited 2011 earnings by $0.20 per share excluding the previously discussed storm restoration costs. Turning to page 12, I would now like to discuss the key drivers and assumptions behind our 2012 earnings guidance for our Missouri and Illinois regulated utility businesses of $2.20 to $2.40 per share. In 2012, we expect to achieve an earned return on equity of approximately 9% to 9.6% on average regulated utility common equity of approximately $6 billion. This guidance assumes a return to normal weather reducing earnings by an estimated $0.16 per share compared to 2011 results. While 2011 summer temperatures were milder than those experienced in 2010, 2011 summer temperatures were much hotter than normal. Weather normalized margins are expected to increase as a result of the 2011 Missouri electric rate increase and the 2012 Illinois natural gas delivery rate increase. Our guidance also reflects the implementation of the new formula ratemaking process for our Illinois Electric delivery business. Our earnings expectations for this business assume a formulaic midpoint allowed return on equity of 9.2%, which incorporates a forecasted 2012 average 30-year treasury yield of 3.3%. This treasury yield forecast is based on the blue chip consensus estimate as of February 1st, 2012. Finally, our outlook for regulated margins assumes little growth in weather normalized electricity sales. Regulated utility earnings guidance for 2012 incorporates increased non-fuel O&M spending at our Illinois utility as we begin to implement our electric delivery modernization action plan. At our Missouri utility, we expect 2012 non-fuel O&M spending to be lower than that experienced in 2011. Headcount in Ameren Missouri and Ameren Services declined by approximately 340 at the end of 2011 as a result of the voluntary retirement program. In addition, the absence of a scheduled refueling and maintenance average at the Callaway Nuclear Energy Center in 2012, is expected to lower O&M expenses by $0.10 per share. Callaway is refueled approximately every 18 months. Finally, we expect 2012 regulated earnings to be impacted by increased depreciation and amortization expenses. Moving to page 13, let’s now shift to a discussion of the key drivers and assumptions behind our 2012 earnings guidance for our merchant generation business. We expect this segment to post earnings of zero to $0.10 per share this year. The most significant driver of the expected earnings decline in 2012 compared to 2011, is a decrease in margins of $0.20 to $0.30 per share due to lower realized power and capacity prices and higher fuel and transportation related costs. We expect our Merchant plans to generate approximately 27 million megawatt hours in 2012 with approximately 25 million megawatt hours of this sold or hedged at an average of $44 per megawatt hour. Our guidance assumes that un-hedged expected generation is sold at current market prices. In 2012, we anticipate having available generation of up to 32.5 million megawatt hours from our coal-fired merchant generation energy centers in the event power prices rise and support higher generation levels. Our base load fuel and transportation related costs are about 93% hedged at approximately $24 per megawatt hour. Finally, we project 2012 merchant generation non-fuel operations and maintenance expenses will be essentially flat with those of 2011 or approximately $290 million. Regarding key Ameren wide assumptions, our earnings guidance reflects an effective consolidated income tax rate of approximately 36% and the number of common shares outstanding in 2012 is expected to average $242.6 million. In 2012, we plan to purchase shares on the open market for a dividend reinvestment in 401-K plans. During the past several years, we have issued new shares to fund these plans. As I close our discussion of 2012 earnings guidance, I’ll remind you that any net unrealized mark-to-market gains or losses will affect our GAAP earnings, but are excluded from our GAAP earnings guidance because the company is unable to reasonably estimate the impact of any such gains or losses. Core non-GAAP earnings and guidance also exclude any net unrealized mark-to-market gains or losses. Further, earnings guidance are subject to the risks and uncertainties outlined or referred to in the forward-looking statements section of today’s press release. Turning then to page 14, we provide both our actual 2011 and projected 2012 cash flow information. As shown on this page, we calculate free cash flow by starting with our cash flows from operating activities and subtracting from it our capital expenditures, other cash flows from investing activities, dividends and net advances for construction. In 2011, free cash flow reached $381 million, $56 million more than our November guidance. For 2012, we anticipate free cash flow will be negative by approximately $230 million. The decline in free cash flow primarily reflects lower cash flow from operations and higher capital spending plans. Cash flow from operations is expected to decline in 2012 compared to 2011, as a result of lower projected core earnings at our merchant generation segment, reduce tax refunds and greater utility spending subject to deferred rate recovery amongst other matters. The higher 2012 capital expenditures reflect increased expected spending primarily at our regulated utilities. We anticipate that our merchant generation business will be free cash flow positive in 2012 despite expected lower earnings and higher capital expenditures. Our only material long-term debt maturity in 2012 is $173 million senior secured note at Ameren Missouri. Moving now to page 15, impending rate cases. As Tom mentioned, in January Ameren Illinois made its initial filing under the new performance based formula rate making framework for its electric delivery business. This initial filing is for a $19 million annual rate decrease because it is based on 2010 cost. This rate change is to be effective in late October 2012. However, 2012 electric delivery service earnings will reflect a true-up for 2012 year-end rate base and 2012 actual cost of service, and include historical ICC rate making adjustments. The allowed return on equity will be based on the prescribed formula I discussed earlier. Moving to page 16, in Missouri, in February we filed for $376 million increase in annual electric rates with the Missouri PSC. The filing incorporates a 10.75% return on equity, a 52% equity ratio and rate base of $6.8 billion. $103 million of this request is related to higher net fuel cost. Note that 95% of these higher net fuel cost would be reflected in fuel adjustment clause or FAC rate adjustments absent this filing. The request also includes $81 million to recover the annual cost including revenues to offset throughput disincentives of the three-year energy efficiency programs, Ameren Missouri proposed in its MEEIA filing which Tom mentioned earlier. As he stated, our ability to move forward with our proposed energy efficiency programs will require a regulatory framework consistent with the energy efficiency legislation. In addition to recovery of higher fuel cost and cost associated with our proposed energy efficiency programs, the rate request includes recovery of investments made to improve the reliability of our aging infrastructure and to comply with renewable energy regulations as well as other cost increases. A PSC order is expected in December of 2012 with new rates expected to be effective in January of 2013. On page 17 we detail our new five-year regulated utility capital expenditure outlook. In 2012, we plan to invest approximately $1.2 billion and over the four-year period, from 2013 through 2016 the midpoint of aggregate capital spending is projected to be approximately $5.7 million with an annual target range of $1.3 billion to $1.5 billion. The environmental expenditures embedded in this outlook are those required to meet current environmental rules and regulations including the State CSAPR and the recently issued MATS as well as our assessment of the likely impact of the coal combustion by product rules. The pie chart on the right side of this page breaks down our five-year regulated capital spending plan by business segment and activity. A little less than half is for Missouri with almost 30% targeted for our Illinois electric and gas delivery businesses, and almost a quarter slated for FERC regulated transmission projects. The Illinois regulated capital spending numbers reflect additional investments to modernize its electric distribution system as required by our participation in Illinois performance based formula rate program. Moving now to page 18, here we provide an update on our 2012 and 2013 forward power sales and hedges and introduce our 2014 hedge data for our merchant generation business. As you can see we have significant hedges in place at power prices greater than current market levels. We already discussed our 2012 power hedges. For 2013, we have hedged approximately 14 million megawatt hours at an average price of $40 per megawatt hour, further for 2014, we have hedged approximately 7 million megawatt hours at an average price of $44 per megawatt hour. To assist you and understanding our merchant generation business segment’s margin drivers, we have provided a pie chart that breaks down our 2012, expected revenue by type. Turning to page 19, here we update our merchant generation segment’s fuel and related transportation hedges. We previously discussed our 2012 fuel hedges. For 2013, we have hedged approximately 12 million megawatt hours at about $25.50 per megawatt hour. For 2014, we have hedged approximately 5 million megawatt hours, also at about $25.50 per megawatt hour. Similar to our previous slide detailing merchant generation revenues, we’ve included a pie chart that breaks down forecasted 2012 all in fuel cost to provide a perspective on how each component contributes to our overall cost. On our final page, number 20, we outlined capital expenditures for our merchant generation business for each of the next five years, showing the breakdown between expenditures for maintenance and for environmental compliance. As Tom mentioned, in light of current forward power and capacity prices as well as uncertain environmental regulations, we are decelerating construction of our Newton Scrubber project and removing the Edwards Helper Electrostatic Precipitator from our five-year spending forecast. The estimated environmental expenditures in 2012 include approximately $150 million of spending on the Newton Scrubber project. And capital expenditures in 2013 through 2016 assume approximately $20 million per year of ongoing external construction costs for this project. Newton Scrubber project related capitalized interest and overheads are not included in the 2013 through 2016 numbers. As you can see on this page, projected environmental expenditures are quite limited over the 2013 through 2016 period. Of course, we will continue to review and adjust our merchant generation spending plans in light of evolving outlooks for power and capacity prices delivered fuel cost, environmental standards and compliance technologies among other factors. This completes our prepared remarks.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. [Operator Instructions] Ladies and gentlemen, thank you. We will now be conducting a question and answer session. Thank you our first question is from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Good morning, can you hear me?
Martin Lyons: Yeah, Paul. This is Marty Lyons. Yes, we can hear you now.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Listen I want to ask you...
Martin Lyons: I apologize.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: That’s fine. I just want to ask about these the delay in these merchant generation CapEx projects one in Newton and the precipitator. Is there a operating earnings impact that’s associated with any of these MEEIAs which do you have to buy emissions or anything, I mean is there any operational issue we should be thinking about in terms of this significant change in CapEx.
Martin Lyons: Right Paul. I understand. It’s Marty still. No, not in the near-term, these projects really design to help with compliance really when you get out into the 2015 timeframe so, in the near-term really no impact on operating earnings or cash flows as a result of decelerating the projects.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay and then with respect to just the capital expense itself delaying this and what have you, is there any change in terms of the total capital expense that you would be expecting?
Martin Lyons: Well I guess that’s – it’s teasing to tell I guess whether the ultimate cost of the project will change but just to give you a sense, so with respect to the Newton Scrubber project through the end of 2011, we had invested about $100 million roughly in that project. As we said on the call this coming year as we decelerate the project, we do plan to take materials that have been built or material that have been commissioned a lot of those to be completed take those to the site, put them in a safe store condition. So we expect to incur about another $150 million this year in doing that. At that point we’ll be taking the capital expenditures down to more of the minimum levels that we described in the call and continued to monitor changes in power market conditions, capacity markets, changes environmental rules and the like. And certainly asses how we might absence reacceleration of that project go about complying with environmental rules out in that 2015 timeframe. But I think Paul when you look back to the guidance we gave last fall, I think the total project cost that was sort have embedded in the guidance was somewhere around $490 million for the Newton Scrubber project. If we move to reaccelerating it some point in the future, we’ll certainly provide an update on what we think the costs are that time to complete the project. We are estimating as we sit here today if we were to reaccelerate the project at some point in the future, it would probably take in the range of say 20 months to 24 months to complete the project.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Martin Lyons: You are welcome.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Hi, good morning. Can you hear me?
Martin Lyons: Yes, we can. Julien, this is Marty. Thanks for joining.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Yes, of course. I just wanted to clarify a little bit more on the Merchant CapEx front, just what you’re thinking about compliance with MATS and your own Illinois State specific standards, 2015 and beyond, I mean, status quo I would imagine that it would result in some sort of operational impairment of the assets rate without putting in the CapEx, I mean there is some sort of reaction in your ability to dispatch some certain units? Is that the right way to think about that?
Martin Lyons: Yeah Julien. This is Martin again. That’s a fair assessment. I think without the Newton Scrubbers being reaccelerate out in 2015 timeframe, it’s frankly, it’s really the Illinois multi-polluting standard that becomes the challenging standard for us to comply with. As you know out in that timeframe in our fleet wide SO2 emissions need to be reduced down in the 2015 timeframe. Between now and then, we really don’t expect that we would have any forced reductions in generation levels as a result of CSAPR or multi-polluting standard or other rules. When you get onto 2015, as it relates to MATS compliance, absent the Newton Scrubber we think we have other ways to comply activated carbon and precipitators, low sulfur coal and the like compliance there. And as it turns out with the CSAPR rules obviously they’re uncertain right now because they’ve been stayed. But based on the allowances that came out in the final rules, based on our decision to shutdown Meredosia and Hutsonville, the CSAPR rules really aren’t seen as a significant limitation either.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Great. So if I were to kind of hit between lines here, frankly from a compliance perspective, a couple of years, you could decide, let’s say, a couple of years down the road and still they’ll move forward. You said 20 to 24 months there to complete the Newton Scrubber, so there is still a couple of years latitude all in give or take, is that kind of the right way to think about that in order to...
Martin Lyons: Yeah. That’s fare. We feel like, as we decelerate today that we’ve got some optionality for a while before what actually impact future general levels and in the meantime we can also look at how we might go about alternatively complying with some of those rules and again assess whether a reacceleration is appropriate.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Excellent and then just a final question here on the Genco, a guidance the breakeven cash flow for this year. Are there any exceptional items there to bear in mind as we’re looking at your EPS guidance translating then to free cash flow guidance anything notable to take note of?
Martin Lyons: I don’t know that there is anything notable to take note of in the – in that regard as you reconcile.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Okay. So EPS guidance should equate to positive free cash flow?
Martin Lyons: Yeah. I think so. I mean nothing has come into mind off hand. We’re certainly, as we mentioned in the call, we’re expecting positive free cash flow overall at the Merchant business. And I guess one think of note early in this first quarter we did sell one of our assets with Medina Valley co-gen facility, a fairly small facility. I think about $17 million and cash flow coming from that. So, that may factor into our net CapEx for this year, but other than that earnings should translate into cash flow.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Great and then just tiny clarification here in terms of your guidance that for coal. It seems like that came down a buck a megawatt hour in 2013, just wanted to clarify is that basically a lower PRB price or lower transport price.
Martin Lyons: Well, it’s really a little off each Julien, so the price dropped I guess from about $26.50 to $25.50. We did increase the amount of transportation that we have hedged. We also increased the amount of coal we have hedged and as you saw a little bit of fuel surcharge, so frankly all three of those things would have gone into the mix.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Tom Rebinoff with Fore Research and Management. Please proceed with your question.
Tom Rebinoff – Fore Research and Management: Hey, guys. Good morning. Can you hear me.
Martin Lyons: Yeah, we are little bit flank, but we think we can hear you okay. This is Marty.
Tom Rebinoff – Fore Research and Management: Great. Hey, Marty. So I had a question on your cash flow going forward basically it sounds like that you have indicated that basically in 2012, you Merchant business would cash flow positive, and I think you have mentioned that you’re going to get the benefit of the money pool receivables there to kind of help you with that. So I’m kind of curious as to what that number is that that’s going to become from the Manipur receivables. But really more interested in 2013, when obviously you’ve kind of given where the current strip is and where prices are today, that Merchant business will burning, I’ll call it a $100 million plus of cash. So are you going to explicitly support that business going forward and you’ll kind of bridge that shortfall or like what’s the thinking in terms of actually helping with the casual situation post 2012.
Martin Lyons: Sure. So let me start with the 2012, so when we talked about the Merchant business overall being cash flow positive in 2012, I’m talking about Ameren Energy Resources overall, which has Genco subsidiary as well as the eight AERG subsidy area assets and overall that would be cash flow positive. And then as you point out we said Genco which is a subsidiary of the Merchant Segment would utilize some of its Manipur receivables. As of yearend, it had about $74 million of Manipur receivables. And we project some more in the neighborhood of around half of that might be utilized this year by Genco. As you look out in 2014 and beyond we certainly haven’t given any cash flow guidance. We have said before and we’ve repeated that and our goal is for the Merchant segment as well as for Genco to be able to support their cash flow needs. And we feel like the decisions we have made here with respect to decelerating the Newton Scrubber project and deferring the precipitator at Edwards are certainly very helpful to us in achieving that goal.
Tom Rebinoff – Fore Research and Management: Got it. So maybe then the question really is – I mean at the end of the day I am kind of running my own math and I am sure you guys have your own projections, but maybe the right question then to ask is assuming that the business is cash flow negative in 2013. Then how would you think about the Merchant business at that point in time, like you know just help us kind of think through the various options.
Martin Lyons: Well, I think in the various options first of all have to do with the segment and with the way the segment operates its business. So, we are certainly going to be looking for further opportunities to reduce operating expenses, to carefully and continually examine even the capital expenditures that we still have in the forecast and we’re continuously seeking opportunities to market the power that we have at above market prices. So, first and foremost, we’re going to be look into that segment to provide for its own needs And like I said I do think that these capital expenditure reductions that we’ve made go a long way to helping that business cover its own cash needs over at least the next couple of years.
Tom Rebinoff – Fore Research and Management: Got it. Got it. And then what about my another question as in terms of coal to gas switching, Calpine last week obviously said that they were definitely seeing that in PJM, are you guys seeing something similar in MISO at this point?
Martin Lyons: No. I think within MISO at least within certainly our part of MISO gas prices being as low as they are we’re seeing maybe a little bit of gas fire generation coming into the mix. Certainly as we look ahead ourselves to this coming year, we’ve talked about having about 25 million megawatt hours that we’re going to generate. I think our coal-fired plants are going to produce about 26.5 million megawatt hours and maybe 0.5 million megawatt hours coming from our gas assets, so we’re expecting a little bit more contribution this year from our gas assets. Overall though within MISO, in our part of MISO, the low cost delivered PRB coal is still pretty competitive with the gas assets that exist in our part of the country. So, certainly will – with these low gas prices, there will be more gas generation, but I think to a lesser extent than you may be seeing in other parts of the country.
Tom Rebinoff – Fore Research and Management: Okay. Thank you, guys. I appreciate the color.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of David Paz with Bank of America Merrill Lynch. Please proceed with your question.
David Paz – BofA/Merrill Lynch: Hi. Good morning. I just had a question on the parent level note, the $425 million note, are there any covenants in there that prevent you from divesting any of your segments particularly in your Merchant segment.
Martin Lyons: David, it’s Marty. I am certainly not aware of any covenants in that indenture.
David Paz – BofA/Merrill Lynch: Great. And then on the Merchant power hedges and forgive me if you went through this earlier, I might have missed this, but just was trying to get a feel for the three to four terawatt hours that you added in your hedges in 2012 and 2013 as well as your 2014 hedges, particularly 2014, was the 7 terawatt hours at the average price of $44 entered into last year or are these part of like a multiyear contracts that predate post September 30, 2011.
Martin Lyons: Yeah. David, I think look we’ve been entering into those over all those periods of time, so some of the contracts date back to probably pre 2012. I don’t have the exact date, but other hedges that are embedded in that mix have been entered in 2010, 2011. We have been building that hedge block and that hedge piece up over time.
David Paz – BofA/Merrill Lynch: Okay. So, can you give me a percentage [indiscernible].
Martin Lyons: No. I don’t have it, I don’t have a percentage breakdown.
David Paz – BofA/Merrill Lynch: Okay. And on the capacity-only hedges that just closed, I’m sorry, did you say why that is not in the current presentation.
Martin Lyons: No, I didn’t, but, yeah, you did notice change. Frankly, we took it out. I mean capacity revenues as you can see from the revenue breakdown at this point are unfortunately only about 1% of our overall revenue. So breaking that out didn’t seem all that necessary at this point in time. Certainly as those capacity revenues improve over time. We certainly maybe break it out again. I mean I think it’s safe David to be thinking about $15 million to $30 million of capacity only kind of revenues over the next couple of years given current prices. As you can see it from the pie chart, the majority of the capacity that we fell is embedded in some of our four requirements contact. So the capacity only sales like, I said about, $15 million to $30 million, is probably a safe number to put in your model.
David Paz – BofA/Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you. Thank you so much.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Scott Senshak with Decade Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Reza Hitucki – Decade Capital: Thank you. It’s actually Reza Hatefi. Just I guess given your pretty solid CapEx program over the next few years, could you talk about need for trip or dribble or equity, how should we think about that over the next few years?
Martin Lyons: Good question. As you may you have picked up in our talking points, we – our stop in this year issuing shares for those programs, so you shouldn’t expect to see any dilution from those program this year. However, moving forward in time, we will assess that on a year-to-year basis as we look at our cash flow needs to in particular finance the regulated CapEx plans that we have. I think that to the extent that we can support these capital expenditures through reinvestment of earnings that we make in our regulated business we’ll certainly seek to do that, but also at all times thinking about maintaining sort of the financial strength that we have today. Certainly, we’d like to have the equity content and our cap structure somewhere between, I’d say 50% to 53% equity range. And so our goals as we move through time are to keep that equity content solid in their balance sheet, keep our credit profile strong and stable and fund these capital expenditures in a prudent way. Hopefully, you can see through time we are trying to be very careful and thoughtful about our allocation to capital and the returns we’re earnings on those capital investments.
Reza Hitucki – Decade Capital: And just a follow-up on an earlier question, I guess the cash flow question on the Merchant segment, a lot of things can change going forward but is it in your tool box to use any cash from the corporate segment to fund any shortfalls at the Merchant segment, is that part of the potential equation?
Martin Lyons: Yeah, I mean it’s in the toolbox. It’s something that we could use to do. But as we’ve said repeatedly our goal is for the Merchant segment and for Genco to work to provide for their own cash need. So that remains our focus.
Reza Hitucki – Decade Capital: Great, thank you.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, due to time constraints we ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up question. Our next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Hey, guys. Actually a couple of questions of the regulated side of the house. First, in the transmission spending guidance that you give five year look, how backend or frontend loaded is that, and if you could touch on both AIC and at ATX. And follow up to that, in Missouri you talked about trying to get a clause in this rate case that reduces lag on kind of plant being put in service. Do you need legislative relief to actually get that done? I thought there was an used and useful clause in state regulation in Missouri.
Martin Lyons: Michael, this is Marty again. I’ll try to take both of those questions. With respect to the transmission spend what you really ought to see with respect to the Ameren Illinois utility spend with respect to transmission it’s being more ratable over the five year period. So you see in the pie chart that we’ve got $900 million of spend over the 2012 through 2016 period. And as we’ve said in the call I think it’s somewhere in the neighborhood of $180 million or so that we’re spending this year so in 2012. So you should see kind of a stable run rate over that period of time. With respect to the transmission company spend, however, that $750 million, that is more backend loaded. We’re going to be working through the routing process, the siding, we’re working on getting an ICC certificate in place and then moving forward and so that capital spending really starts to ramp up in 2014 and more so in 2015 and then 2016.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Got it. The Missouri regulation legislated question.
Martin Lyons: Yeah. Your Missouri question. What we’re proposing and I would say in this current rate case is, Michael somewhat similar to the accounting treatment that we got relative to scrubber investment that we had between the time that asset went to into service and the time we got into rates. You may recall that in that particular case we were allowed after it went into service to differ depreciation as well as caring cost on that asset from the time it went in service to the time rates became effective and what we are seeking here is something similar, but allowing us to have that kind of construction accounting on a broader basis with respect to plant put in service.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Got it. Okay, thanks guys and congrats on both a good quarter.
Martin Lyons: Thank you Michael.
Operator: Our next question comes from the line of Greg Reiss with Catapult. Please proceed with your question.
Greg Reiss – Catapult: Hi guys, my questions have actually been answered already thanks.
Martin Lyons: Okay Greg, thank you.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of Robert Howard with Prospector Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Howard – Prospector Partners: Hi, good morning. Wondering about just the latest decline in prices, is that kind of changed your hedging strategy at all for the Merchant business?
Martin Lyons: Yeah, Robert this is Marty. No, I wouldn’t say it really is affecting our hedging practices. What we’ve really tried to focus on over the past few years – several years is working to market our power to higher margin customers and when we hedge also looking at how we get the best location if you will to minimize basis risks. So we are still looking at putting on hedges as sales opportunities come along. We’re still pursuing those and certainly focusing on the more higher margin opportunities that we get, but we are continuing to put hedges on. I’d say for the past year or so we’ve been putting the hedges on and operating to sort of the lower end of our hedge policy parameters, but sitting here today certainly feel happy that that we did that that we’ve locked in some power prices in our hedge portfolio that are above current market prices.
Robert Howard – Prospector Partners: Yeah. Okay. And then I think it was kind of related to Julien’s question earlier, slightly different though. Is there kind of a time limit that just delayed construction must be completed, I mean, if you don’t have it done by 16 or 17, some rule kick in that okay the plant can’t run or is there anything like that at all or can you just kind of delay indefinitely?
Tom Voss: You can’t. This is Martin again. You can delay in definitely, but the Julien’s question and hopefully I was responsive, but where you would start to see some reduction in terms of generation capability is out in the 2015 timeframe when the Illinois multi-pollutant standard has another ratchet down in terms of SO2 emission rates for the fleet. So out in that period, we absent other ways to comply might need to or would need to ratchet down to generation from our uncontrolled generating plants. Which plants would do that, how that might take place, that’s all something that we have to asses and examined here over the coming months in terms of again absent the Newton scrubbers, how we would best go about complying.
Robert Howard – Prospector Partners: Okay. And that delay that – when you made the decision to delay, was that really driven by this latest decline in prices since your last call or was it kind of where you sort of on the track to come up to this decision anyways even with power prices being a little bit higher from like last fall’s levels.
Tom Voss: Well, I would say that the power prices that we’ve seen here in the first quarter to us don’t look supportive of continuing with the investment at the space we were making at. So the prices did have a significant impact on the decision. But also the continued low capacity prices certainly about a capacity program within MISO. The other things though that also effected the decision where the stay of the CSAPR rules and the final match rule that came out as well as our decision last year to shut down Meredosia and Hutsonville. Those things – shut down of Meredosia and Hutsonville changed our emissions profile for a fleet, so that impacted our outlook. The stay of CSAPR affected our outlook, but again getting to your question, certainly the power prices were a very factor in the decision.
Robert Howard – Prospector Partners: There hasn’t been, there’s been enough other things going on that is power prices were to certainly jump to where they were in October. So is it necessarily enough for you to say hey we’re going to put this back on schedule?
Martin Lyons: Right. So that’s a good point. I think that look we’re going to take the time that we’ve bought through this deceleration to really access the power markets, capacity markets, change in environmental rules and like I said, but very closely at how we might alternatively comply with the rules that exist and make a reassessment at some point in the future.
Robert Howard – Prospector Partners: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Martin Lyons: You are welcome.
Operator:  Our next question comes from the line of John Murphy with Green Arrow. Please proceed with the question.
John Murphy – Green Arrow:  Hi guys, can you just give an update on what you’re seeing in the Illinois’ government aggregation market and what kind of opportunity that could be for you?
Martin Lyons: Yes, so that’s – good you broke up a little bit for folks that maybe couldn’t hear, I think the question was about municipal aggregation in Illinois and we do see that as an opportunity frankly for the Merchant business. We certainly as part for that business – we certainly have been very active as I said a little while ago offering our product to industrial customers, large commercial and municipal customers. And we certainly see this is an opportunity to some more generation to these aggregated municipal buyers through there are fee processes. So when you see there is an opportunity on the Merchant side of our business. And again we are very much focused on seeking opportunities to market and sell our power at prices that offer attractive margins about relative to say in the hub spot price.
John Murphy – Green Arrow: Great. Excellent.
Douglas Fischer:  This is Doug Fischer, operator we have time for just one more question.
Operator:  Thank you. Our last question comes from the line of Alex Tai with Standard General. Please proceed with your question.
Alex Tai – Standard General: Hi, guys. How are you doing?
Martin Lyons: Good. Thank you.
Alex Tai – Standard General: I just want to clarify a little bit on the timing of any decisions that’s going to be made on the CapEx spend. You had previously said that 2015 is sort of the timeframe that you sort of have to – you have that something in place and you also said that it would take about 20 month to 24 months to complete that project, if you were to reaccelerate the new scrubbers. Just rough math, at least maybe 12 months with which to decide whether or not to resume the project, is that correct, am I sort of thinking about this the right way?
Martin Lyons: Yeah. That’s right. I think, so as we will continue to asses I’d say that the timeframe to if we were to reaccelerate, reaccelerate the project, what the exact timeframe would be. But like I said sitting here today we’re thinking it’s 20 month to 24 months, so I’d say certainly sometime next year we’ll be at a point in time where we’ll be making some decision as it relates to compliance with those 2015 targets.
Alex Tai – Standard General: Got it. And in terms of the some of the other options you had mentioned activated carbon or – I don’t specifically remember if you’ve mentioned this, but dry sorbent injections, what’s the lead time for converting to an alternative system for environmental combines.
Martin Lyons: I think one thing about Illinois as it relates to Mercury is we’re already are using a lot of activated carbon for compliance there already, so you know that sort of underway. In terms of DSI, I can’t really, sitting here today, give you a timeline on what it would take to put that in place. I think that is probably a shorter timeframe than the one we’re talking about in terms of the scrubber project.
Alex Tai – Standard General: Got it and so I guess to get a little bit more clarification, if you decide to not resume the scrubber, what, I mean, can you sort of just layout I guess a roadmap of what the other options look like?
Martin Lyons: Not at this time. I think it’s really too soon and premature to say. I think that we’ll asses all alternatives we have with respect to compliance and look we’re talking about 2015 and certainly a lot can change in terms of forward power prices and capacity prices. And so we’ll be assessing all of those compliance options at the same time as we’re really watching how the power markets and environmental standards unfold.
Alex Tai – Standard General: Okay. All right. Well, thank you very much.
Martin Lyons: Thank you.
Douglas Fischer: Thank you for participating in our call and thank you especially for your patience with our technical difficulties today. This is Doug Fischer. Let me remind you again that this call is available on our website for one year. Today’s press release includes instructions on listening to the playback telephonically or accessing it on our website. You may also call the contacts listed on the release. Financial analyst inquiries should be directed to me, Doug Fischer. Media should call, Brian Bretsch. Our contact numbers are on the news release. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren Corporation.
Operator:  Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation and have a wonderful day.

===== 2011 Q3  (2011-11-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Douglas Fischer – Director, IR Thomas Voss – Chairman and CEO Martin Lyons – SVP and CFO Scott Cisel – President and CEO, Ameren Illinois Warner Baxter – President and CEO, AmerenUE
Analysts:  Scott Senchak – Decade Capital Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs Erica Piserchia – Wunderlich Securities Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates David Paz – Bank of America Merrill Lynch Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS Greg Gordon – ISI Group Ashar Khan – Visium 
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Ameren Corporation Third Quarter Earnings conference call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentations. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Douglas Fischer, Director of IR for Ameren Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Fischer. You may now begin.
Douglas Fischer: Thank you, and good morning. I’m Doug Fischer, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today are our Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Voss; our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Marty Lyons; and other members of Ameren’s management team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call will be available by telephone for one week to anyone who wishes to hear it by dialing a playback number. The announcement you received in our news release include instructions for replaying the call by telephone. This call is also being broadcast live on the internet, and the webcast will be available for one year on our webcast – website at www.ameren.com. This call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today’s live call. Redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on our website to which we will refer during this call. To access this presentation, please look in the Investors section of our website under Webcasts and Presentations, and follow the appropriate link. Turning to page two of the presentation, I need to inform you that comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions, and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in the forward-looking statements. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the forward-looking statement section in the news release we issued today, and the forward-looking statements and risk factors section in our filings with the SEC. Tom will begin this call with a brief overview of third quarter 2011 earnings and updated 2011 guidance, followed by discussion of recent business and regulatory developments. Marty will follow with more detailed discussions of third quarter 2011 financial results and guidance, as well as updates on regulatory and other financial matters. We will then open the call for questions. Here is Tom, who will start on page three of the presentation.
Thomas Voss: Thanks, Doug. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Today we announced strong third quarter 2011 core earnings of $1.57 per share, compared to third quarter 2010 core earnings of $1.40 per share. The increase in three quarter 2011 core earnings compared to third quarter 2010 core earnings reflected Illinois and Missouri electric rate increases and lower non-fuel operations and maintenance expenses as a result of continued cost discipline. Improvement in earnings was also due to lower interest expense driven by debt reduction and also weather that was slightly warmer than that of the year ago quarter. These positive factors were partially offset by reduced margins in the merchant generation segment due to lower realized power prices and higher fuel and transportation related expenses. While temperate in the third quarter of 2011 were not significantly different than those experienced in the third quarter of 2010, they were much warmer than normal. Before I move on to discussion of earnings guidance, I would like to comment on our operating performance during the third quarter of 2011. I’m proud to report that our energy centers performed exceptionally well during the summer months. Equivalent availability at our base load energy centers was a strong 94% and the net capacity factor was a strong 84% in the third quarter of 2011. This performance included our Callaway nuclear energy center which operated continuously from its last refueling which ended in June of 2010 until the beginning of its current refueling in mid October 2011, a period of 489 days. This was the facility’s second longest breaker-to-breaker run since it began operating in 1984. Turning to page 4, reflecting our strong third quarter earnings, today we’re raising our 2011 core earnings guidance range to $2.50 to $2.60 per share up from our prior range of $2.30 to $2.55 per share. Martin will provide further details regarding our third quarter 2011 earnings and 2011 guidance later in this call. Moving to page five, we now expect 2011 positive free cash flow to reach approximately $325 million, an increase of $100 billion from the estimate we provided on our second quarter conference call. We have been using our free cash flow to reduce outstanding borrowings. This has included not only the June 2011 maturity of $150 million of Ameren Illinois Company long-term debt but also a significant amount of short-term debt. In fact at September 30, 2011, cash and equivalents exceeded short-term debt and we expect this also be the case at year end. These reductions in debt contributed to a common equity ratio that stood at a solid 53.9% of total capitalization at the end of the third quarter. Reflecting the steps we have taken over the last few years to strengthen our financial performance and position, on October 14, 2011, Ameren’s Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend payment to common shareholders of $0.40 per share, a 3.9% increase over the prior quarterly dividend rate. This new annualized equivalent rate of $1.60 per share is at level that is well covered by earnings and cash flows from our regulated business segments. This new annualized rate represents a 7% payout of 2011 core earnings from our regulated business segments based on the midpoint of our guidance range. Turning to page six. In addition to the positive news I’ve shared with you regarding earnings, cash flows and dividends, I’m also able to report significant progress on important strategic initiatives. This progress is the result of our focused and sustained efforts to improve the performance of our company for the mutual benefit of our investors and customers. On several occasions, I have stated that we’re committed to seeking and obtaining constructive regulatory frameworks that allow us to recover our costs in a timely fashion and then provide a reasonable opportunity to earn a fair return on our investments. As important constructive regulatory frameworks provide us with a – as important constructive regulatory frameworks provide us with the necessary cash flows to invest in our energy infrastructure so we can meet our customer’s expectation and create good paying jobs in our communities. I’m very pleased that just last week, the Illinois General Assembly approved a new constructive regulatory framework that provides electric delivery utilities in that state with the opportunity to choose performance-based formula rate making. The legislature enacted into law Senate Bill 1652, the Energy Infrastructure Monetization Act and approved a trailer bill that will amend Senate Bill 1652. Governor Quinn has 60 days to act on the trailer bill. If he does nothing by the end of the 60-day period, the trailer bill becomes law. If he vetoes the trailer bill we sent back to the house and senate for further consideration. This legislation is a win for the economy of the State of Illinois, a win for our Illinois Electric delivery customers and a win for our Ameren Illinois Utility. Utilities will have the opportunity to benefit from more predictable rate making that will allow them to invest in their businesses, receive timely cash flows from these investments and have greater confidence that they will be able to earn close to their allowed return on such investments. This law is designed to create nearly 2,500 additional good paying jobs throughout the state. And further, the additional investments required of participating utilities should provide customers with improved service quality and reliability as well as long-term savings. The legislation includes a number of customer protections and other benefits many of which are listed on this page. These protections include regulatory oversight by the Illinois Commerce Commission to ensure that the investments made and costs incurred are prudent. Page seven provides highlights of the new regulatory framework. Ameren Illinois plans to withdraw its pending electric delivery rate case and is developing plans for filing for performance-based formula electric delivery rates under Senate Bill 1652. However, our pending gas delivery rate case will continue to move forward and Senate Bill 1652 does not apply to the gas utility business Moving to page eight of, of course, our commitment to earnings fair returns on our investments also extends to Missouri. Ameren Missouri expects to make significant progress towards closing the gap between its earned and allowed return on equity in 2012. On October 21, we announced a voluntary retirement offer as part of Ameren Missouri’s efforts to tighten its belt during this challenging economic period. This action should lower overall costs to our customers as well as allowing spending with regulatory outcomes in economic conditions and improve earned returns at our Missouri utility. The voluntary retirement offer has been made to approximately 715 management and union employees of Ameren Missouri and Ameren Services. Ameren Services provides support services to Ameren and all of its subsidiaries. Those accepting the offer are expected to retire by year-end 2011. While we do not know how many employees will accept this offer, a similar offer in 2009 had an acceptance rate of approximately 30%. In connection with this program, there’s one thing I want to be clear about. We will not reduce our workforce to allow all that will impact our employee’s ability to deliver safe and reliable service to our customers. Looking ahead, Missouri will continue to explore options to reduce regulatory lag, to enhance our cash flows and earn returns and thereby facilitate more timely investments in our energy infrastructure. Facilitating such investments will improve reliability and create jobs to the benefit of all our stakeholders in the entire state of Missouri. In addition to these developments that are regulated utilities, our merchant generation business recently took steps that are expected to further reduce operating costs and capital spending plans. These steps are part of our ongoing efforts to ensure that this business is well-positioned to weather the current period of low power prices and benefit from the expected improvement in such prices. In early October, our merchant generation business announced that it will cease operating in the Meredosia and Hutsonville energy centers in Illinois by the end of 2011. These two smaller, older energy centers provided approximately 4% of our merchant generation segments total generation over the last two years. The closures are primarily the result of complying with a Cross-State Air Pollution Rule or CSAPR issued by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency in July of 2011. CSAPR tightens sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide emission levels – emission limits to point their continued operations of these facilities is not economic. Closure of Meredosia and Hutsonville will reduce our merchant generation fleet emission levels. However, we will retain the emission credits for SO2 and NOx associated with these plans through 2015. As a result, we no longer plan to use dry sorbent injection at our Edwards plant to comply with the SO2 limitations of the Illinois multi-polluting standard and CSAPR. Moving to dry sorbent injection from our complying strategy, Edwards eliminated one of the reasons for planned bag houses at that energy center. The other reason for bag houses was of course for a particular control and anticipation of the half macros. However, as a result of further testing, we now expect that upgrading the existing electrostatic precipitators at Edwards will allow us to achieve the anticipated particular compliance requirements without the need for bag houses at a reduced net capital cost. As a result, we’ve further reduced our expected 2011 through 2015 merchant generation segment capital expenditures by approximately $70 million. These reductions are in addition to the approximately $200 million of lower planned merchant generation capital expenditures for the 2011 to 2015 period, which we announced on the second quarter conference call. In summary, we believe that the following recent developments approval of a new constructive, regulatory framework for Illinois electric delivery businesses, receipt of new electric rates in Missouri this past July, disciplined cost reductions at our Missouri utility to align our spending with business conditions, reduced environmental capital spending plans for our merchant generation business along with plans that we have discussed in detail in prior presentations for significantly growing our investments in Federal, Energy Regulatory Commission regulated electric transmission projects together place Ameren in an improved position for future success. Finally, we believe that to be successful we must and we will remain dedicated to operating in a safe both in environmentally responsible manner. Now I’ll turn the call over to Martin.
Martin Lyons: Thanks, Tom. Turning to the page nine of the presentation, today we reported third quarter 2011 earnings in accordance with general accepted accounting principles or GAAP of $1.18 per share compared to a third quarter 2010 GAAP loss of $0.70 per share. Third quarter 2011 core earnings improved to a $1.57 per share compared with third quarter 2010 quarter earnings of $1.40 per share. The following items were excluded from third quarter 2011 and 2010 core earnings. A charge for the Missouri Public Service Commission’s July 2011 disallowance of costs of enhancements related to the rebuilding of the Taum Sauk energy center, which reduced third quarter 2011 earnings by $0.23 per share, this disallowance was appealed to the courts. Impairment and other charges related to Ameren’s merchant generation segment reduced earnings by $0.09 per share in the third quarter of 2011. Goodwill, impairment and other charges also related to the merchant segment reduced earnings by $2.19 per share in the third quarter of 2010. The 2011 charges were related to the decision to cease operations at the Meredosia and Hutsonville energy centers by the end of 2011. And finally the net effect of unrealized mark to market activity primarily related to non-qualified power and fuel related hedges reduce third quarter 2011 earnings by $0.07 per share an increase third quarter 2010 earnings by $0.09 per share. Moving to page 10, here we highlight key drivers of the variance between core earnings per share for the third quarters of 2011 and 2010. Key factors driving the earnings improvement included rate changes, net of certain related expenses. This factor increased third quarter 2011 earnings by $0.10 per share compared to the third quarter of 2010 reflecting an electric rate increase in Illinois effective in November of 2010 and an electric rate increase in Missouri effective in late July 2011. A second key driver was lower core non-fuel operations and maintenance expenses, which increased third quarter 2011 earnings by $0.09 per share compared to the third quarter of 2010. The lower O&M reflected discipline cost management across all of our business segments. Lower interest expense was also a factor behind the improvement in third quarter 2011 earnings compared to the third quarter of 2010. This increased earnings by $0.03 per share. Weather was significantly warmer than normal in the third quarter of 2011 and slightly warmer than that of the year ago quarter. This boosted earnings by an estimated $0.02 per share compared to the third quarter of 2010 and by an estimated $0.14 per share compared to normal. The primary factor negatively affecting the comparison between third quarter 2011 earnings and third quarter 2010 earnings was lower margins at our Merchant Generation segment, which reduced earnings by $0.05 per share. These lower margins reflected lower realized power prices and higher fuel and transportation related expenses. While margins were down, Merchant Generation Energy Center operations were strong. Equivalent availability was 92% and the net capacity factor was 80% at this segment’s base load energy centers in the third quarter of 2011. As Tom mentioned, we have raised our 2011 core earnings guidance range to $2.50 to $2.60 per share, up from our prior range of $2.30 to $2.55 per share. This increase in guidance reflects strong third quarter core earnings driven by warmer than normal weather and continued disciplined cost management. The core earnings guidance for our combined Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois segments was raised to a range of $2.25 to $2.30, up from our prior range of $2.10 to $2.25. The core guidance range for our Merchant Generation segment was narrowed to a range of $0.25 per share to $0.30 per share in the upper half of our prior range. Before I leave our discussion of 2011 earnings guidance, I would like to remind you that fourth quarter earnings results will be impacted by cost related scheduled 2011 Callaway nuclear energy center with fueling and maintenance average which is currently in progress. In addition I would like to discuss a pending regulatory matter in Missouri that could impact fourth quarter GAAP and core earnings. In Missouri the staff of the Public Service Commission is required to initiate a prudence review of costs subject to the fuel adjustment clause at least every 18 months. The staff recently initiated its second such review since implementation of Ameren Missouri’s fuel adjustment clause. This second review covers the period from October 1, 2009 through May 31, 2011. In its first review the staff of the Missouri Public Service Commission recommended at the – and the PSC ruled in April of 2011 by a three-two vote that Ameren Missouri flow through the FAC and credit to customers all margins associated with certain long-term partial requirement sales, they were made by Ameren Missouri due to the loss of load from Noranda Aluminum’s, Missouri smelter plan. You’ll recall this loss of load was caused by a severe ice-storm in January of 2009. As a result of this order we recorded a second quarter of 2011 pretax charge of $18 million to core earnings or about $0.05 per share. We continue to disagree with PSCs order in its classification of these sales, and believe that the terms of the FAC tariff did not provide for margins from these sales to be flowed through the FAC. Therefore, we have appealed this decision to the courts. As we have previously disclosed Ameren Missouri recognized additional margin associated with the same long-term partial requirement sales contracts subsequent to September 30, 2009. The recently initiated second FAC prudence review covers the subsequent period. On October 28, the staff of the Missouri Public Service Commission recommended that the PSC required these additional margins which it calculates to be $26 million also be flowed through the FAC and therefore credited the customers. The staffs report dealt only with this issue and it plans to file a report on the balance of its FAC review by the end of February 2012. The PSC has not indicated whether we will rule on the treatment of this $26 million before it receives the staffs report from the balance of its review. If the PSC rules that this $26 million should be flowed through the FAC and the courts have not overturned the PSCs prior FAC prudence review decision, we would expect to take a charge to core earnings of approximately $0.07 per share in the period when such a decision is issued. Such a potential charge has not been assumed in our 2011 earnings guidance. As I close our discussion of 2011 earnings guidance, I need to remind you that our guidance assumes normal weather for the fourth quarter of this year. Further any charge that may result from the recently announced voluntary retirement offer to certain employees as well as any net unrealized mark-to-market gains or losses will impact GAAP earnings that are excluded from GAAP earnings guidance because the company is unable to reasonably estimate the impact of any such gains or losses for the full year. Core earnings and guidance exclude any charge resulting from the voluntary retirement offer and any net unrealized mark-to-market gains or losses. Further, our earnings guidance for 2011 is subject to the risks and uncertainties outlined or referred to in today’s press release including the forward-looking statement section of that release. Turning to page 11, I would now like to provide updated 2011 projected cash flow information. We now expect to achieve free cash flow of approximately $325 million up from our prior guidance of approximately $225 million. The improved cash flow outlook reflects increased 2011 earnings expectations, lower capital expenditures and updated working capital expectations. Turning now to page 12 in a discussion of our pending delivery rate cases in Illinois, in October the parties filed initial and reply briefs in these cases. Our rate increased request continued to total $89 million annually with $39 million of this related to electric delivery service and $50 million related to gas delivery service. We planned to withdraw our electric delivery case as permitted by the recently passed trailer bill and move to the newly authorized performance based formula rate making. However, the gas rate case will still proceed to completion. On this page and the next, we have provided a breakdown of the electric and gas service numbers included in our and other party’s positions. The ICC staff is now recommending a combined revenue increase of $33 million with $29.5 million of this related to the gas rate case. By far the most material difference between our position and that of the staff is related to return on equity. On page 13, we outlined key points of the attorney general’s and Citizen Utility Board’s for vital positions as well as those of the Illinois industrial energy customers. The administrative law judges are expected to issue their proposed order on November 15 of this year and the deadline for Illinois Commerce Commission decision is January 12, of 2012 with new rates expected to be effective shortly thereafter. Moving now to page 14, in our Merchant Generation business, I would like to provide additional details on the financial impact of shutting down Meredosia and Hutsonville by year-end 2011. Combined these energy centers are expected to be about breakeven in 2011 from a cash flow perspective. Going forward we expect to closure of these facilities in the resulting 2011 impairments will improve perspective earnings by about $0.01 to $0.02 per share annually. Tom already mentioned the ceasing operations at these two energy centers enable us in part to reduce our planned Merchant Segment capital expenditures due primarily to the elimination of the previously planned baghouses at Edwards. On this page, we provided you with our revised lower Merchant Generation plant capital expenditures for 2011 through 2015 by year. On page 15, we provide an update on our four power sales and hedged data as of September 30, 2011. We continue to expect our Merchant Generation business to generate approximately 29.5 million megawatt hours in 2011 with approximately 27.5 million of this coming from our five largest coal-fired energy centers, the Coffeen, Duck Creek, Edwards, Joppa, and Newton facilities. These 29.5 million megawatt hours due include 100% of the expected generation of the Electric Energy, Inc. or Joppa Energy Center, a facility in which Ameren owns an 80% interest. As you can see our projected 2011 power sales are very close to fully hedged. For 2012 we have now hedged approximately 21.5 million megawatt hours at an average price of $46 per megawatt hour. Further for 2013 we’ve hedged approximately 11 million megawatt hours at an average price of $41 per megawatt hour. Our capacity sales are approximately 63% hedged for 2012 and approximately 42% hedged in 2013. Turning to the last page of our formal presentation, page 16, here we provide an update of our Merchant Generation’s segments fuel and transportation related hedges. For 2011 we have hedged essentially all of our expected generation. For 2012 we have now hedged approximately 25 million megawatt hours at about $24 per megawatt hour. For 2013, we have now hedged approximately 9 million megawatt hours at about 26.50 per megawatt hour. This is hedging information then completes our prepared remarks. And we will now be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. We’ll now be conducting a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions). Our first question comes from Scott Senchak from Decade Capital Management.
Scott Senchak – Decade Capital: Hi. Thank you. Just a question on slide 15, your 2013 hedged price, how should we think about that, is that a full requirement’s hedge, is it block power or...
Martin Lyons: Sure Scott. This is Martin. So on slide 15, 2013 you’re looking at the $41 per megawatt I guess for the 11 million or so megawatt hours that we sold. The way you ought to think about ‘13 in terms of what’s in there is and round-the-clock kind of product usually has about 47% to 48% on peak. Our generation profile is typically more about 52% on peak and basically what you see in there is megawatt hours that have been sold more like our generation profile, more like that 52% on peak, 48% off peak and that does include any kind of hedges or forward sales we’ve made. So whether they be financial products or physical products most of that I would say in that period of time does represent physical contracts that we have with counterparties and would include then some energy, some capacity and some other services.
Scott Senchak – Decade Capital: Got you. Thanks. And then just turning to Illinois, with this new Illinois legislation how should we think about the ROEs there now with this legislation? Is the – I know it’s matched to the 30-year treasury yield, in 2012 will your ROE be within the band of the average treasury yield in ‘12 or is it off of the treasury yield in ‘11?
Martin Lyons: Yeah, Scott this is Martin again. Good question, it’s my understanding that that would be based on the 2012 treasuries and the spread over the average 2012 treasuries.
Scott Senchak – Decade Capital: Got you, got you. And then also I’m not sure if I missed this, the impact of weather versus normal for the year at Ameren, Illinois and Ameren Missouri this year?
Martin Lyons: I don’t know that I gave it out necessarily by legal entity, but basically the effect of temperate for this year, in the third quarter we talked about it being about $0.02 positive versus last year we estimate that it was about $0.14 positive versus normal. And then for the full year on a year-to-date basis, it was probably a positive $0.21 versus normal conditions year-to-date, actually down about $0.05 versus last year based on strong weather we had primarily in the second quarter of last year.
Scott Senchak – Decade Capital: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Hey guys, congrats on a great quarter and a good update, real quick two questions. One, can you walk us through of the rate increases that you received in both Missouri and Illinois? How much you’ve already taken and what’s left to be taken in the coming quarters?
Martin Lyons: Yeah, I don’t know when you say, what’s left to be taken or to be taken. I can tell you this when you look at slide 10, we talked about on the quarter that the impact of rate changes was about $0.10. And that broke down in the quarter, Michael, about $0.08 for Missouri and about $0.02 for Illinois. So, as you know, the Missouri rate case didn’t go into effect until very last part of July. So maybe that information is helpful to you.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Okay. And do you – just quickly on that one. Do you have the year-to-date for that as well? What the electric and gas rate changes mean on a year-to-date basis?
Martin Lyons: We do – maybe somebody can – can dig that out and provide that information. I don’t have it here in front of me.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: That sounds fine. One last one, non-fuel O&M, you guys have done a great job in managing O&M and the $0.09 benefit in this quarter that does not reflect the impact of the voluntary severance plan you just announced, this is kind of before that goes into effect as well?
Martin Lyons: Yeah, I guess you’re asking in terms of, I think you’re asking the overall benefit of voluntary plan when we recognize that Michael or?
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: No, I’m trying to think about the – did you – are you already receiving some of the benefits of the cost reduction related to that voluntary severance plan? Or is that in addition to the $0.09 of O&M savings that ….
Martin Lyons: Oh yeah.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: That you got this quarter?
Martin Lyons: Yeah, yeah, I think we are on the same page. No, I mean the voluntary severance offer/retirement offer that’s been made is really outstanding. So employees have until around the end of the year to decide whether they are going to accept that or not. Our historical experience with this kind of a program is to have gotten about a 30% type opt-in-rate, hard to tell whether you get that or not, but to say 30% to 40% kind of opt-in-rate, might be expected. But the benefits of that in terms of cost savings would actually be realized next year. We are not realizing any of that right now, because none of those employees have yet retired.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Got it. Okay, thanks guys. And once again congrats on a great quarter.
Martin Lyons: Thanks, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Erica Piserchia from Wunderlich Securities.
Erica Piserchia – Wunderlich Securities: Hi, just following up a little on the operating cost savings here. Just more broadly when you think about the business as far as the cost structure, I mean is your cost structure now sort of optimally configured or there are more opportunities for this, did you feel like where you are now is sort of where you’d like the business to be from that perspective?
Thomas Voss: Yeah, Erica, thanks for the question. I think that what – we’re certainly committed to doing as you know is improving our earned returns. And so we’re going to stay focused on disciplined cost control disciplined investment as we seek to improve those earned returns. You’ve asked a question on the past couple of calls about sales levels. As you know the economy has in part caused our sales level to be fairly sluggish. In fact as you know we’ve seen some declines in residential and commercial sales this year when you strip out the impacts of weather. And so, as a result of that we’ve certainly been looking to tighten our belt, keep costs under control and importantly that also helps to – help contain costs for our customers as we recently have been going in for rate cases and of course the benefits of those costs savings eventually accretive to customer in terms of lower rate increases. So that’s what we are doing. I’d say looking forward given Senate Bill 1652, certainly in Illinois, we’re going to be looking to add employees as we look to make investments in that state to improve service reliability, service quality and roll out some of the smart grid plant so that we laid out, and are laid out in the legislation. So just those are some of the thoughts I guess on how we’re trying to manage the business.
Erica Piserchia – Wunderlich Securities: Okay. And just, I guess a follow up to that, I mean does that – does where you stand now given some of these sort of optimization efforts that you’ve put through on the cost side. Does that change your view as far as just where you think you can be, I mean in the past you’ve talked about obviously reducing that regulatory lag and obviously in the Illinois side we have this legislation, but I’m thinking on the Missouri side as well, does that increase your confidence in your ability going forward or was this kind of optimization is something that you had contemplated when you sort off initially – sort of that – maybe not initially, but earlier this year when you were talking about that, did you kind of have this more optimal cost structure in mind, I guess?
Thomas Voss: Well, good questions Erica. And I think with respect to – we’ll start with Illinois, I think one of the benefits of Senate Bill 62 is we talked about with the formulaic rates, is it does give you more confidence to be able to make investments to be able to add your workforce and feel confident that you’re going to be able to earn something close to your allowed returns. So certainly that does give us a greater confidence. And then in Missouri, we talked about last quarter making significant progress in terms of closing the gap between our weather normalized earned returns this year and our allowed returns as we look to go from 2011 into 2012. And what we’re doing is executing on plans that we believe will allow us to achieve that goal.
Erica Piserchia – Wunderlich Securities: Okay. Thanks.
Operator: Thank your next. Our question comes from Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Hey, how are you doing?
Martin Lyons: Great. Thanks.
Thomas Voss: Well, how are you?
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: All right. Let’s just go over the Illinois thing, I’m afraid that I’ve been distracted slightly when you were going over with the few other people. What was your ROE – given your guidance that you’ve had here, we’re in the fourth quarter. What should we think about as your ROE that you guys are going to earned roughly speaking in 2011 in Illinois on the electric side?
Thomas Voss: Yeah, we really haven’t broken that down Paul. I mean, I can tell you that overall based on the guidance we’ve given for the regulated segments, the implied ROE there is about 9%, 9.2%, but of that – of course that includes the impacts of weather. And if you strip that out the weather you’re probably talking about an implied ROE of around an 8.2-ish kind of percent.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. Well, that helps me though. So, we’re at 9.2 right now, now you’re going to be opting for this legislation and withdrawing your rate case et cetera. So that means that – I mean, I guess what it sounds like to me though is, I mean, I guess, we should assume that there is not going to be – you don’t expect much of a lag I guess beginning in 2012. The ROE and given the fact that it’s now lower, the kind of with the mechanism and stuff. We really should expect all that much out off – in terms of growth at least 2012 does that make sense?
Thomas Voss: I don’t know, if that exactly makes sense or not. I mean, I think with the questions that came up earlier is, ultimately I think what we are earned in Illinois in 2012 will be somewhat – well not somewhat, but will be – and somewhat in part dictated by what the treasuries are in 2012. So, the question came earlier ultimately when you go through the formulae a great making in 2012, what is the formulaic rate tide to and it’s going to be based on an average of treasuries…
Martin Lyons: 2012 plus the (inaudible).
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Yeah. And just we don’t know what they’re going to be obviously. But I mean I’m just looking at where they are now, I guess is what I’m sort of saying. I mean looking at – just assuming that like interest rates stay flat which obviously is a little bit – obviously quite a leap. But just assuming that though we wouldn’t necessarily expect, I mean depending on what interest rates do, you wouldn’t be making that much more if interest rates stayed flat and regardless of whether whatever would seem to be that you guys would pretty much be in the same category or am I missing something?
Thomas Voss: Well again I think the thing is that, when you look at it, I guess we haven’t said exactly what our earned ROE is going to be in Illinois this year. But I mean I guess what I’m trying to say is ultimately what it is next year, you’re right, we don’t know what treasuries it will be, it will be based on whatever the average of the 30-year treasuries are next year plus the adder. If you took a 12-month history of treasuries today you’d get a different answer than what the treasuries are today at this point in time. Paul, in complete answer to your question when you look at Ameren Illinois, I’d also not forget that the gas rates will be reset based on the forecasted test year we filed. And so that will have an impact on the earned ROE and it’s also important to remember that we have a decent size transmission rate base in Ameren Illinois as well.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay, no. I was just trying to isolate the electric, I’m sorry. Just was trying to get the – I don’t want to belabored either. I think I’ve got a pretty good sense here. The other thing I want to ask you about is the write-off. What was behind that the Merchant Generation write-down?
Thomas Voss: Sure. The Merchant Generation write-down really as you know had to do with the closure of Meredosia and Hutsonville. You know when we had our last quarterly call we talked about the fact that we thought like we are getting pretty good clarity on getting our arms around our environmental capital expenditures and what was necessary to comply with the various rules that were out there. And the one I known really was and how we’re going to comply with respect to the tighten NOx submission standards. And so as we look at specifically that the tighten NOx submission standards ultimately it was decided that we were forced to really shutdown Meredosia and Hutsonville to be able to comply with those CSAPR rules the NOx component of CSAPR rules, so that was the big driver there. But then Paul as we talked about on the call what that allowed us to do is once that decision is made you look at your overall SO2 and NOx allowances given that those plans are no longer in the mix. And then that allows you to kind of relook at your overall compliance strategy for SO2, for your fleet that led us to the conclusion that we could actually reduce our capital expenditures or excuse me eliminate the use of DSI I would say at Edwards. And then that triggered basically our ability to relook at the baghouses in the need for those versus upgrades to our precipitator. So the CSAPR rules were certainly the cause of the decision to shut down Meredosia and Hutsonville, but that lead to sort of a chain of decisions that led to reduced capital costs at our Edwards facility.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then with the PGM portability of the capacity that seems an issue that you guys were obviously looking at and given the big disparity in capacity pricing, any more thought I know I asked this last quarter and I know it’s little early, but just wondering if you guys have anymore thoughts about what might be happening there?
Thomas Voss: No. I don’t think there is any meaningful update. We’ve certainly filed our positions with FERC that are in line with the positions that – we articulated on our second quarter call. So I wouldn’t say at this point there is any meaningful update to report?
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Thomas Voss: Thanks, Paul.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from David Paz from Bank of America Merrill Lynch.
David Paz – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Good morning.
Thomas Voss: Good morning, David.
David Paz – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Question – my question on the dividend. Can you give us a flavor on what your target payout ratio on regulated earnings will be going forward? Clearly, are you comfortable with the current 70% based on the mid-point of 2011 guidance, but I guess just – what that range could be, is that 70% on the high-end or low-end? Anything you can see there?
Douglas Fischer: At this time, I think generally there would be a little bit on the high-end of the regulated earnings, but our goal was to try and get somewhere between 55% and 70% of the regulated earnings as a payout range. The important thing about this particular time was that, we thought it was good to reaffirm that the dividend is solid, it’s not at risk. We think it’s in good shape. We’ve had very positive cash flows and we thought it was a good time to raise dividend.
David Paz – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And those regulated earnings includes transmission earnings as well, right?
Thomas Voss: Yeah, David. It includes all of our regulated earnings in the Missouri and Illinois transmission.
David Paz – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: And as we look forward, any earnings from Ameren Transmission Company?
Douglas Fischer: Yes, correct.
David Paz – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. And then on Illinois, can you actually – two things, what is the baseline electric distribution spend that you’re looking at per the law, I believe it was average of 2008, 2010. We are just not clear on whether that includes transmission, excludes transmission, just what is that base line to which you can add to $625 million over a ten year period?
Thomas Voss: Yeah. David, I do believe that it does include the transmission Doug you have the base line number or no.
Douglas Fischer: The base line number for electric delivery only. Scot, why don’t you…
Scott Cisel: This is Scott Cisel, the base line on the electric side is $275 million.
David Paz – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. So that doesn’t include transmission line?
Douglas Fischer: That’s right you’re correct about that David, I’m….
David Paz – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: That’s fine. And then so then in your 2011 CapEx for Ameren Illinois we don’t provide any further breakout but on your 2011 plan CapEx what percentage is fine, what is the breakout for electric distribution or sorry electric delivery, transmission and gas?
Douglas Fischer: David, I don’t have that here in front of me in terms of that breakout, I mean are you trying to get a sense for how much of that 625 is going to be incremental or invested…
David Paz – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Yes.
Douglas Fischer: I mean – look we’re going to blend a filing with the ICC. We’ve got some work to do to put together our exact spending plans but I think it’s safe to assume that out of that 625 over the next five years, you’d see about half of that invested over the next five years I think is a safe assumption. And when I say invested, I think that would be incremental to what has been disclosed in terms of our capital spending plans.
David Paz – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Okay. All right. And then are there any similar efforts whether it’s on legislative or on the regulatory front in Missouri and maybe not a bill similar to this but any other efforts to reduce regulatory lag there in Missouri such as reducing the time between filing a rate case and actual rate case decisions?
Warner Baxter: Hello David. This is Warner Baxter, how are doing?
David Paz – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Good. How are you Warn?
Warner Baxter: I’m terrific, thanks. It’s time it stayed little bit earlier. At Missouri, we’re going to continue to explore several options to reduce regulatory lag and certainly one of those options could be a legislative route and potentially one like SP1652 which I believe in Missouri would yield many of the same benefits as they really are in Illinois. Now because importantly as Tom said, reducing regulatory lag if that enhanced our cash flows and returns, but most importantly facilitate greater investments in energy infrastructure to improve the liability great, good paying jobs and ultimately benefit our customers in the state. But I think well that’s a legislative. I think we are not supporting them. We also consider other alternatives to reduce lag including speaking ways to reduce lag potentially through the regulatory process. So we will look at both of those but in the interim as Martin said, what we are doing, we are taking steps to better align our spending to be consistent with the regulatory outcomes in the economic conditions in order to reduce lag and make significant progress towards closing that gap. So, we are looking at both regulatory approach, a legislative approach and then really an operational approach. We are very focused on it.
David Paz – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you so much guys.
Warner Baxter: It’s all right David. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith from UBS.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Hi good morning.
Warner Baxter: Hi Julien, good morning.
Douglas Fischer: Good morning.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: First question on the timing of the implementation with the comment bill. I wanted to get a sense there I mean what month’s should we assume our – these “new rates” going to effect?
Warner Baxter: Yeah, new rates. You wouldn’t expect new rates to go into effect until sometime in the second half of 2012.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: All right, great. And then secondly I understand there is an energy procurement element of the bill, just wanted to get your senses to your participation and kind of what you see that product kind of coming out as initially?
Douglas Fischer: Yeah, I don’t know, but “product”, but as we look ahead obviously one of the things we have to do with respect to that business is manage our overall plans, whether it be for capital expenditures or procurement of power to be mindful of the 2.5% capital on increase in rates. We feel pretty good about our ability to achieve that through the 2014 markets that’s in the legislation, based upon lot of the hedges that we already have in place, power procurement hedges for Ameren Illinois. So as we move forward, we’re in pretty good shape with those, but will be very mindful of that 2.5% cap as we put together our plans for the future.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Great. Also I’ve seen some comments recently talking about energy efficiency in reduction and your plants spending on that front in Missouri just kind of wanted to get a sense, why pull back on that, what kind of load reduction was it leading and then what are the financial ramifications if you will?
Douglas Fischer: Julien this is Warner Baxter, really from the outside one thing I want to make clear we have supported and continue to support statewide efforts to increase synergy efficiency of our customers, but we’ve also stated that we need to make progress on the regulatory framework, not only recover our energy efficiency program costs, but really the fixed cost that we lose due to these power sales. And so in our last rate case we saw at the putting our framework that would have addressed that, the commission reviewed that and rejected our proposal. And so we’re really we’re left with no reasonable choice, but to reduce those level of expenditures in the interim until we really get a framework that’s in place. And we continue to explore that. And we do expect to propose yet another framework that will address some of our concerns to really continue to move forward with energy efficiency in Missouri. But today we are still spending millions of dollars on energy efficiency in Missouri, both when you combine both the electric and gas side and we’re going to continue to stay focused on trying to find a solution to this issue.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Great. And then lastly more on the merchant side, with regards to retail switching in your service territory in Illinois, it seems like that sort of started to take off somewhat. Do you anticipate sort of broadening your retail ambitions in any senses as that opportunity is in front of you?
Douglas Fischer: Julien, I would say that and remind everybody we have had a marketing effort overtime associated with our generation, it’s not a new thing. We’ve also had a retail marketing effort as well. I think you’re right, we are seeing some increases in switching within the state and we’re staying active in the State. I think if you look back at some of our sales overtime, like if you look at this year, I’d say that about 45% of the sales we’re making this year from our generation are going to sort of physical delivery, physical end use. So as far as our merchant business that’s something we’re going to continue to focused on and we’re going to target something greater than 50% of our generation to go to physical delivery customers as we move forward.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Great. Thank you for the time.
Douglas Fischer: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Greg Gordon from ISI Group.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Thanks. Good morning guys.
Douglas Fischer: Hi Greg, good morning, how’ve you been?
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Good, good. Looking forward to seeing you in paradise. So just think of some high level sort of question, as I look at how you guys have positioned your company over the last 12 months, I mean you have addressed the cost side in Missouri and through legislation, you’ll hopefully be addressing the revenue side and there were no way on the utilities and so you’ve gotten some visibility on an earnings trajectory to get you the authorized return and thus the signal with the dividend which is great? And on the power generation side, you can control the denominator, you can’t really – you have a limited control over the numerator, but you do in your regardless to reduce the cost, so you don’t want have to add investment at leverage, right. So I mean what’s the current leverage that’s allocated to the Genco, is it about 1.5 billion is that right if I take a look at the parent debt and the Genco debt?
Douglas Fischer: Yeah, we talked about –we broke down I think last quarter similar debt levels by segment and I think it was about 1.5, 1.6 to the merchant segment overall, but you know I would say as you look Greg at the balance sheet at the end of this quarter when we put out our queue you look at year end, we have been generating as we mentioned positive free cash flows overall for the company projected to be 325 this year of that free cash flow nearly 200 of that coming from the merchant business, about 150 from Genco itself. So that segment has been producing positive free cash flow and we have been using that to pay down parent company borrowing so.
Martin Lyons: So I guess my point of that is.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Well, I guess that’s the rub, I mean if you can – if people got comfortable that this was a $200 million cash flow business then it’s more than covering the debt and there’s equity value, if they are not comfortable that it’s a $200 million cash flow business than it doesn’t. Just using 7 to 8 times EBITDA, these are rough multiples. So, I guess the last leg of the stool here from a strategic perspective is you’ve done a fantastic job addressing the utility side of things and hopefully you will execute and get to the earned returns. You are really doing a great job controlling the investment on the cost side, but – and just of all the other questions I’ve heard on the Genco is when are we going to see the – when are we going to see the offsetting revenues notwithstanding how bad the forward curve looks?
Martin Lyons: Yeah. Well, yeah, I here you Greg, I mean we’re dealing to your point, we’re doing what we can to take the positive free cash flows we have, reduce our outstanding leverage, we’ve taken nearly – actually more than $250 million of cost out of our projected capital expenditures. We are keeping a lid on O&M costs in that segment. So, we’re doing what we can to control the costs. We’re paying down debt, decreasing leverage. And we’ll see what happens in terms of the market recovery. We certainly think that the impact of some of the environmental regulations that are out are going to have an impact on reserve margins in our regions. And we think we’ve gotten our arms around our environmental compliance plans.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Great. And one last question, just onto follow up on another question, that 9.2% ROE was that on book equity or rate base equity?
Martin Lyons: That was based on rate – it will be based on book equity actually the 9.2%.
Douglas Fischer: It’s tangible book at the utilities.
Greg Gordon – ISI Group: Great. Thanks guys. See you soon.
Martin Lyons: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Ashar Khan from Visium.
Ashar Khan – Visium: Good morning.
Martin Lyons: Good morning Ashar.
Ashar Khan – Visium: Martin, can I just go so the rate case you’re going to withdraw and you said the new rates are going to get implemented what like June or something under this plan?
Martin Lyons: Yeah, we were saying the rate impacts would really be in the second half of 2012.
Ashar Khan – Visium: So August 2 have, so like what our July 1.
Martin Lyons: No, not to say of July 1, I should have committed that to memory, but I don’t have the exact day just and I think it will be based on when we are ready to file. Frankly I think that there is a lot of work that goes into actually making the filing for the formulary grades and whether it be the capital spending plans, the hiring plans, the smart grid rollout plans, the plans to measure the improvements in our service, et cetera. So a lot that goes into the filing, when we are ready to make that filing, we will make it but ultimately the date that the rates we have changed will be somewhat dependent upon filing.
Ashar Khan – Visium: And then if I read correctly, you said they are going to base the numbers from the Form 1 is that correct?
Martin Lyons: Yes.
Ashar Khan – Visium: So what – like we have the FERC form, so can you just guide us what numbers are they going to take, they are going to take your net plant from the FERC Form 1 and then apply the ROE from there, is that what they are going to do?
Douglas Fischer: Ashar, this is Doug. I think that’s a discussion maybe we can offline as we go through the process. I don’t think we – I think we will get bogged down if we get into all the details here.
Ashar Khan – Visium: Okay. And then if I can just follow-up, as I look into next year rate, the Missouri rate case is going to, is still not fully right, we got a decision late, so that should help earnings going forward because the full impact is not in there next year is that correct?
Douglas Fischer: That is correct. The new Missouri rates went into effect at the end of July of this year. So we will get the benefit of a full-year of rate. I think – On last one, please.
Ashar Khan – Visium: Yeah and if I’m right there’s going to be no Callaway outage next year, am I correct?
Thomas Voss: That is correct.
Ashar Khan – Visium: And that is how much in earnings benefit?
Douglas Fischer: Well this – one we had last year was about $0.11 impact the cost of the outage back in the 2010.
Ashar Khan – Visium: Okay. So there’s an $0.11 gain. Okay, thank you so much.
Douglas Fischer: Thank you, Ashar.
Martin Lyons: Thank you Ashar.
Douglas Fischer: I want to just bring the call to a close and thank everyone for participating. We’re looking forward to seeing many of you at the EEI Financial Conference next week. Let me remind you again that this call was available through November 11 on playback and for one year on our webcast. Today’s press release includes instructions on listening to the playback. You may also call or e-mail the contacts listed on the release. Financial analysts inquires should be directed to me – Doug Fischer. Media should call, Brian Bretsch, our contact information is on the news release. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren.
Operator: Thank you. This does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation. This call has completed.

===== 2011 Q2  (2011-08-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Douglas Fischer – Director, IR Thomas Voss – Chairman, President and CEO Martin Lyons – SVP, Principal Accounting Officer, and CFO Warner Baxter – President and CEO, Ameren Services and CFO, Ameren Corp.
Analysts:  Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS David Paz – Banc of America Merill Lynch Erica Piserchia – Wunderlich Securities Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates Robert Howard – Prospector Partners Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs 
Operator: Greetings, and welcome to the Ameren Corporation Second Quarter Earnings. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Mr. Douglas Fischer, Director of IR for Ameren Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Fischer. You may now begin.
Douglas Fischer: Thank you, and good morning. I’m Doug Fischer, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today are our Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Voss; our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Marty Lyons; and other members of the Ameren management team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. The call will be available by telephone for one week to anyone who wishes to hear it by dialing a playback number. The announcement you received in our news release include instructions for replaying the call by telephone. The call is also being broadcast live on the Internet, and the webcast will be available for one year on our website at www.ameren.com. This call contains time-sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today’s live broadcast. Redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on our website to which we will refer during this call. To access this presentation, please look in the Investors section of our website under Webcasts and Presentations, and follow the appropriate link. Turning to page two of the presentation, I need to inform you that comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions, and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in the forward-looking statements. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the forward-looking statement section in the news release we issued today, and the forward-looking statements and risk factors sections in our filings with the SEC. Tom will begin this call with a brief overview of second quarter 2011 earnings and updated 2011 guidance, followed by a discussion of recent regulatory and other business developments. Marty will follow with more detailed discussions of second quarter 2011 financial results and guidance, as well as regulatory and financial matters. We will then open the call for questions. Here is Tom, who will start on page three of the presentation.
Thomas Voss: Thanks, Doug. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. Today we announced second quarter 2011 core earnings of $0.59 per share, compared to second quarter 2010 core earnings of $0.73 per share. These results were on track with our expectations. The decline in second quarter 2011 earnings, compared to second quarter 2010 earnings reflected a 4% decrease in kilowatt hour sales to regulated utility native load customers. The lower sales were due in part to milder temperatures through June. Second quarter 2011 earnings also included a charge to earnings resulting from an April 2011 Missouri Public Service Commission order associated with our fuel adjustment clause or FAC. You will remember from our first quarter call that a PSC order required the net margins associated with certain long-term, partial requirement sales included in the FAC calculation and, therefore, be credited to customers. Other factors reducing second quarter 2011 earnings included increased storm-related expenses, higher property taxes as well as our higher effective income tax rate. Factors that favorably contributed second quarter 2011 earnings compared to second quarter 2010, included rate increases, the absence of a nuclear refueling and maintenance outage at our Callaway energy center and lower interest expense. Turning to page four. We were challenged by an unusually large number of storms in the first half of this year but in every instance, in Illinois and in Missouri our employees responded aggressively and effectively to quickly and safely restore service and meet our customer’s expectations. Our management team also took action during the quarter to align client spending with business conditions. Further while we estimate that about half of the second quarter 2011 decline in electric sales to native load customers compared to the second quarter of 2010 was due to milder weather, economic conditions and customer’s conservation efforts have also impacted sales. As a result of our first half sales trends we have lowered our weather normalized sales growth expectations for the remainder of the year. To offset these reduced sales expectations we have reduced our spending plans. In addition we are taking actions to better align our overall spending with rate orders and related regulatory policies. As a result today we’re able to essentially reaffirm our 2011 core earnings guidance with a narrow range of $2.30 to $2.55 per share. This narrowed guidance incorporates the impacts of our recently concluded Missouri rate case. And I would note that this guide also assumes normal weather conditions for the second half of 2011. So far we are on track for a very hot summer. We also remain on track to generate positive free cash flow this year. Marty will provide more details on our earnings and cash flow guidance in a moment. Moving to page five. I would like to provide an update on our compliance plans recently proposed and recently finalized environmental regulations. We have completed our initial review of the Cross-State Air Pollution Rule or Casper, which was issued in July of 2011 and have updated our strategy and capital expenditure estimates for meeting the requirements of this rule, the Illinois multi-pollutant standard and the proposed hazardous air pollutant maximum achievement control technology or HAPs-MACT. Casper requires significant reductions in sulfur dioxide or SO2 and nitrogen oxide or NOx emissions beginning in 2012 with additional reductions required in 2014. Casper standards for reduced SO2 emissions were generally in line with the rules we expected the EPA to adopt. With the standards for reduced NOx emissions were more stringent than we had expected. For many years, we have proactively worked to reduce our emissions of both SO2 and NOx in innovative and cost effective ways to improve air quality and keep generation costs low. These steps have included making modifications to our energy centers several years ago to burn low sulfur coal. NOx emissions have been lowered through the use of low NOx burners, stage combustion over-fire air systems, combustion control technology, selective catalytic reduction and rich reagent selective non-catalytic reduction systems. Recently, we’ve installed a total of five scrubbers with three at our merchant generation energy centers in Illinois and two at our regulated energy centers in Missouri. Just last year, we put into service wet scrubbers at our Missouri Sue energy center at a total cost of approximately $600 million. These proactive steps have significantly reduced our SO2 and NOx emissions over time and offered us greater flexibility as we analyze and explore options for compliance with these new rules. For our Missouri operations, compliance with these more stringent SO2 emission reduction levels might have required costly new equipment by 2014 or forced us to significantly reduce generation levels at our energy centers absent these proactive steps. However, today I’m very pleased to announce that at our Missouri regulated operations we’re moving ahead with the third option to meet the stringent environmental standards for SO2 emissions, the purchase of ultra-low sulfur coal. We recently entered into a coal purchase contract for approximately 90 million tons of ultra-low sulfur coal to be delivered between 2012 and 2017 at fair market prices. Not only is the purchase of this coal consistent with our expected coal supply needs to serve our Missouri customers. But most importantly, this strategy will entirely eliminate the need for dry sorbent injection or fabric filters and will allow us to delay the installation of additional scrubbers in our Missouri fleet until after 2017. We have also entered into additional rail transportation contracts at market rates to deliver coal supplied under the new coal purchase contract through 2017. This compliance strategy is a win for our customers, our shareholders, and the State of Missouri. As a result of this strategy, we will be able to avoid estimated rate increases for our customers of approximately 15% to 20% by 2017 that might otherwise have been required to meet the SO2 emission standards of this rule. We believe that this strategy will benefit the State of Missouri by keeping Ameren Missouri’s electric rates among the most competitive in the nation helping the State better retain and attract new businesses. As a result of this strategy, we’re able to reduce our planned Missouri capital expenditures for the period 2011 to 2015 by approximately $500 million compared to our first quarter 2011 10-Q disclosures. This reduction primarily reflects the removal of scrubbers for two of our generating units from our five year capital expenditure estimates. This strategy also meaningfully reduces potential increases in operations and maintenance expenses related to meeting the SO2 emissions standards of this rule. Overall, this strategy provides us greater flexibility to manage our spending as we seek to combat regulatory lag and earn a fair return on our investments in Missouri. Moving to our merchant generation business in Illinois. Our SO2 compliance strategy continues to include the already operating scrubbers at our Duck Creek and Coffeen energy centers as well as two scrubbers at our Newton energy center. However, we no longer plan to installed dry sorbent injection, our DSI at our Joppa energy center. Instead we will use DSI at our Edwards energy center in conjunction with the addition of a new baghouse to achieve overall system compliance. Like the two scrubbers at Newton, this baghouse has been included in our previously disclosed compliance and spending plans. As I mentioned a moment ago the new CSAPR standards for NOX emission reductions are more stringent than we or the industry at large had expected and the required reductions must be achieved beginning in just five months on January 1, 2012. Both in our Missouri regulated operations and in our merchant generation business, we are evaluating all options for compliance, so at this time we do not expect that the ultimate plans will materially increase our capital expenditure requirements over the next five years. We will update you when we firm up our compliance plans for the NOX component of the CSAPR rule. As a result of our continued optimization of environmental compliance plans and reductions of discretionary non-environmental spending our merchant generation team has reduced our merchant generation 2011 to 2015 planned capital expenditures by approximately $200 million from the level we provided you in our first quarter of 2011 10-Q disclosures. We are happy to have greater clarity on some of our environmental compliance plans and we are pleased to report anticipated savings versus previous cost estimates, but it is critical that policy makers carefully consider the cumulative economic cost of complying with these environmental rules in relation to their benefits. We will continue to proactively work to help shape pending rules, so we can realize progress on the environmental front yet minimize to the greatest extent possible the impact of these rules on our operations and on our customers. Moving now to page six. I would like to discuss recent and pending developments across our regulatory jurisdictions. In Missouri, the Public Service Commission recently issued a decision on our electric rate case, authorizing a $173 million rate increase. In general, we consider the rate order to be fair and reasonable in most respects. Importantly, it included in rates our full investment in the Sioux scrubbers and related operating costs and property taxes. Further the decision maintained our existing fuel adjustment clause as well as the vegetation management, infrastructure inspection, pension, and OPEB cost trackers, all of which are important cost recovery mechanisms. The allowed return on equity of 10.2% was a bit better than the level we received in our prior order and is close to the national average. However, it is still below the level we consider appropriate, in part because of the regulatory lag we experience in Missouri. In addition while the commission continued to permit full recovery of our energy efficiency investments, we would have liked them to make more progress on the regulatory treatment of such investments to better align our companies and our customer’s interests in energy efficiency. Finally, we are clearly disappointed in the Missouri Commissions disallowance of $89 million of cost related to the rebuilding of the Taum Sauk energy center. The opportunity to seek recovery of these costs was consistent with our settlement with the State of Missouri, which allowed for costs for enhancements or costs we would have occurred absent the reservoir breach. We believe this disallowance was not supported by the record in the case and we have appealed the matter to the Missouri Court of Appeals, Western District. Our filing at the Court of Appeals is consistent with newly enacted Missouri legislation that eliminates the ability of any party to stay a commission order while the appeal is pending. As we have stated we will take appropriate actions to align our overall spending both operating and capital with this electric rate order in its policies it reflects. With better alignment of our spending to both this order and our sales growth expectations, we expect to make significant progress toward closing the gap between our earned and allowed returns on equity at Missouri – Ameren Missouri in 2012 from the 2011 levels. Before I finish my discussion on Missouri, I want you to be aware we filed the request in late July with the Missouri Public Service Commission for an accounting order. If approved, this accounting order would allow us to defer for potential future recovery $36 million of fixed costs, not recovered as a result of the loss of random aluminum load due to a severe ice storm that occurred in January of 2009. At this time, there is no timetable set for the Commission to consider this matter. Turning now to Illinois regulatory matters, we filed our rebuttal testimony in our pending electric and natural gas slurry rate cases on July 26th. We are now requesting a $90 million annual increase in these delivery rates. Recall that our filing is based on a 2012 test year to provide an improved opportunity to earn a fair return on investment. Marty will provide more on the status of these cases. On the Illinois legislative front, we continue to be proactively engaged in supporting Senate Bill 1652, The Energy Infrastructure Modernization Act, in late May the Bill passed both chambers of the Illinois General Assembly with strong majority. The bill is expected to be forward to Governor Quinn shortly, and he will then have 60 days to act on it. If the governor vetoes the bill we will continue to work for an override in the legislature’s fall veto session. This legislation would benefit the State of Illinois and its electric customers by providing a more predictable rate making system. The additional investments required by the legislation would modernize and upgrade electric systems and improve service reliability. These investments would also create additional employment opportunities within and outside of Ameren Illinois. The more predictable rate making system incorporates formulaic ratemaking for qualifying utilities, including a rate of return on equity of 600 basis points above an average of 30 year treasury bond yields. It allows for annual adjustment of rates while still providing appropriate regulatory oversight by the Illinois Commerce Commission to insure that the investments made in the costs incurred are prudent. Finally, moving to the federal jurisdiction, in May the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission approved requested rate treatments for more than $1 billion of our planned transmission projects. We anticipate that the Board of Directors of the Midwest Independent Transmission System Operator will prove several of our projects in its December meeting and we are set to move ahead with engineering and construction upon approval. While we expect the FERC’s recent order Number 1000 to have various impacts on transmission planning and cost allocation going forward, we do not expect that the order will delay or impede our plans to construct the projects that are now before MISO. Another matter before the FERC is MISO’s July filing of a plan to replace the current monthly construct for the capacity power market with an annual construct. This plan is in response to FERC’s June 2010 order directing MISO to develop a plan that incorporates vocational capacity market mechanisms into its resource adequacy plan. We were studying MISO’s filing and will file comments at FERC this September. That said, we continue to support a multi-year procurement construct, one that is efficient and effective, sending appropriate price signals for the development of new generation and the removal of barriers between markets. While MISO’s filing is a step forward, we believe it falls short of these objectives and we will continue to work with MISO on further developing the market. Before I turn the call over to Marty, I want to reaffirm our dedication to maintaining a sharp focus on customer satisfaction and on managing our expenditures in a disciplined manner. We remain committed to seeking constructive regulatory frameworks and outcomes that allow us to recover our costs in a timely fashion and that provide a reasonable opportunity to earn a fair return on our investments. These regulatory frameworks provide us with the necessary cash flows to invest in our energy infrastructure to meet our customer’s expectations and create jobs in both Missouri and Illinois and at both our regulated and merchant generation businesses, we remain dedicated to operating in a safe, reliable and environmentally responsible manner. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Marty.
Martin Lyons: Thanks, Tom. Turning to page seven of the presentation, today we reported second quarter 2011 earnings in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP of $0.57 per share, compared to second quarter 2010 GAAP earnings of $0.64 per share. Second quarter 2011 core earnings were $0.59 per share compared with second quarter 2010 core earnings of $0.73 per share. Core results excluded net unrealized mark-to-market losses from the second quarters of 2011 and 2010 of $0.02 and $0.09 per share respectively. These mark-to-market impacts are primarily related to non-qualified power and fuel related hedges. Moving now to page eight, we highlight key drivers of the variance between core earnings per share for the second quarter of 2011 and for the second quarter of 2010. Factors adversely affecting the comparison included the decline in margins at our regulated utilities of $0.14 per share after excluding rate changes and net of certain related expenses compared to the second quarter of 2010. Five of these $0.14 were due to milder temperatures compared to the second quarter of 2010. Another $0.05 were due to the previously discussed charge for the Missouri Public Service Commission, fuel adjustment clause related order and while mentioning this charge I do want to let you know that we have appealed this PSC order to the courts. Regarding weather cooling degree days were 13% fewer in the second quarter of 2011 than in the very hot second quarter of 2010. Expenses for the numerous 2011 storms that Tom mentioned earlier reduced earnings by $0.04 per share. Tax related items reduced second quarter 2011 earnings by $0.04 per share. Half of this variance reflected higher property taxes and the other half was due to a higher effective income tax rate. The second quarter 2011 earnings comparison was also negatively impacted by reduced equity related capitalized financing costs of $0.02 per share. The lower AFUDC equity primarily reflected the 2010 completion of the scrubbers at Ameren Missouri’s few Energy Center. Lower margins for our merchant generation business segment reduced earnings by $0.02 per share in the second quarter of 2011. This was primarily the result of lower generation levels and higher fuel and transportation related costs. Key factors favorably affecting the core earnings variance between the quarters included lower plant operations and maintenance expenses. This had $0.08 per share impact. This lower plant O&M reflects the absence of the Callaway Nuclear refueling outage in the second quarter of 2011, last year’s refueling outage reduced second quarter 2010 earnings by $0.11 per share. Callaway’s typically refueled every 18 months with the 2011 refueling scheduled for this fall. Planned outages at some of our fossil plants lead to operations and maintenance expenses which mitigated the Callaway reduction. Rate changes, net of certain related expenses, increased second quarter 2011 earnings by $0.04 per share. These rate changes included electric rate increases in Illinois and Missouri, both effective in 2010 and a gas delivery rate increase in Missouri effective in early 2011. A final key factor favorably impacting the comparison of second quarter 2011 earnings to those of the second quarter of 2010 was lower interest expense of $0.03 per share. This reflected reduced levels of both long-term and short-term debt. As Tom mentioned, we have essentially reaffirmed our 2011 core earnings guidance within a narrow range of $2.30 to $2.55 per share. This reflects a narrowing of core guidance for our combined Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois segments to $2.10 to $2.25 per share from our previous range of $2.05 to $2.30. The core guidance range for our merchant generation segment has also been narrowed to $0.20 to $0.30 per share from our prior range of $0.15-$0.30. The $0.05 per share increase from the lower end of the range reflects better than expected year-to-date margins and lower costs. Before I leave the subject of guidance, I would like to note the earnings impact of the July Missouri PSC rate order disallowance of $89 million of our Tom Sauk investment. As a result of this disallowance we will take a third quarter 2011 charge estimated at $0.23 per share. This charge is excluded from our 2011 core earnings guidance but will of course be included in our GAAP results. As I close our discussion of 2011 earnings guidance, I need to remind you that our guidance assumes normal weather for the second half of the year. Further any net unrealized mark-to-market gains or losses will affect our GAAP earnings but are excluded from our GAAP earnings guidance because the company is unable to reasonably estimate the impact of any such gains or losses for the full year. Core earnings and guidance exclude any net unrealized mark-to-market gains or losses. Further, our earnings guidance for 2011 is subject to the risks and uncertainties outlined first or referred to in today’s press release including the forward-looking statement section of that release. Turning now to page nine, and our recently decided Missouri Electric rate case. Here we provide some of the details of the Missouri Public Service Commission’s July order. As Tom mentioned, we were authorized to increase electric rates effective July 31st by a total of $173 million with 121 million of this being for non-fuel related revenues. This compares to our revised total rate increase request of 211 million with 159 million being for non-fuel related expenses or excuse me, non-fuel related revenues. The decision was based on a 10.2% return on equity which comprised 52.2% of capitalization. Further, the order reflected an electric rate base of $6.6 billion. The decision continued our fuel adjustment clause and its current 95% pass through to customers of deviations between actual net fuel costs and the level of net fuel costs included in base rates. Other key aspects of this order are provided on this page. Before we leave our discussion of the Missouri rate order I would note with new rates now effective we have stopped deferring depreciation and interest financing costs associated with the approximate $600 million Sioux scrubber investment. Sioux scrubber depreciation will be approximately $21 million annually. Turning now to page 10 and our pending delivery rate cases in Illinois. As previously mentioned, we filed our rebuttal testimony on July 26, 2011. Our combined electric and gas rate increase request has been lowered to $90 million annually from our initial request of $111 million, primarily reflecting lower requested returns on equity and a correction related to insurance expense. We are now requesting returns on equity of 11% for electric delivery and 10.75% for natural gas delivery. Each of these numbers is a 25 basis point reduction from our initial request, reflecting an updated assessment of capital market conditions. On June 29th, before we filed a rebuttal testimony, the Illinois Commerce Commission staff and other interveners filed their direct testimony in the rate cases. While these parties positions will be updated in the rebuttal testimony, which is due August 23rd, this page outlines their initial position in the cases. The ICC staff recommended a combined revenue increase of $6 million based on electric rate decrease and a natural gas rate increase. Of the $84 million difference between their position and our rebuttal position, return on equity is by far the most material at $39 million. The second largest difference relates to the staffs view of savings and costs related to the recent merger of our three Illinois utilities. This represents a $19 million variance. As you can see on page 10 we’ve also noted a few of the other differences between the staff and our positions. Moving into Page 11, we outline key points of the Attorney Generals and Citizen Utility Board’s initial positions as well as those of the Illinois industrial energy consumers. The Administrative Law Judges are scheduled to issue their proposed order on November 15th of this year with an Illinois Commerce Commission’s decision expected in mid-January 2012. Turning now to Page 12. I would like to provide updated 2011 projected cash flow information. We now expect to achieve free cash flow of approximately $225 million up from our prior guidance of approximately 100 million. The largest single reason for the improved cash flow outlook is the $45 million of cash flow proceeds we received from the sale in June of a remaining interest in the Columbia Energy Center. This amount is netted in the capital expenditure line. Recall from our 2011 cash from operations includes an incremental contribution to Ameren Illinois’ postretirement benefit plan of $100 million which we plan to make this month. On this page we also have a breakdown of our consolidated capitalization which is now solid 52% equity. Further, we provide a breakdown of our debt balances by reporting segment as of June 30, 2011. On page 13, we update Ameren’s five-year capital expenditure outlook to incorporate the previously discussed improvements in our capital spending plans. We now project that the four year 2012 through 2015 cumulative capital spending will range between 5.2 billion and 6 billion with an annual target range between 1.3 billion and 1.5 billion. This brings down the midpoint of our capital spending range for the 2012 to 2015 period by about $400 million versus our first quarter 2011 10-Q disclosures. On this page, we also provide a percentage breakdown of our five-year infrastructure investment plan for our regulated businesses by jurisdiction and type. As a percentage of planned investment, you’ll note that FERC regulated transmission has grown. This is in part due to reduced spending expectations and other categories coupled however with accelerated transmission spending. We now expect to invest approximately 1.15 billion over the five-year period to harden and replace existing aging transmission infrastructure as well as to expand the transmission system. Moving now to page 14, we outline our expected capital expenditures for our merchant generation business for each of the next five years showing the breakdown between expenditures for maintenance and for environmental compliance. These merchant generation numbers are included in the total Ameren-wide capital expenditures that I discussed a few minutes ago. Of course, we will continue to review and adjust our merchant generation spending plans in light of evolving outlooks for power prices, delivered fuel costs, environmental standards and compliance technologies among other factors. Moving now to page 15, we provide an update of our forward power sales and hedge data. As you can see we have significant hedges in place which are at power prices above current market levels. We now expect our merchant generation business to generate approximately 29.5 million megawatt-hours in 2011. These 29.5 million megawatt-hours include 100% of the expected generation of the Electric Energy Inc. or Joppa Energy Center, a facility in which Ameren owns an 80% interest. For 2011 approximately 27.5 million megawatt-hours of this generation are sold or hedged at an average price of $45 per megawatt-hour. For 2012, we have hedged approximately 19.5 million megawatt-hours at price of $47 per megawatt-hour. Further for 2013, we’ve hedged approximately 10 million megawatt-hours at an average price of $41 per megawatt-hour. Our capacity sales are approximately 80% hedged for 2011, approximately 54% hedged for 2012, and approximately 26% hedged for 2013. You will note that while capacity hedge percentages stayed flat or rose slightly, expected revenues dropped a bit in each year. This is due to the sale of the Columbia Energy Center which had provided capacity revenues offset in part by increased capacity revenues associated with our Elgin Energy Center which is located in the PJM West power market. Turning now to page 16, we update our Merchant Generation segments fuel and related transportation hedges. For 2011 we’ve hedged approximately 29 million-megawatt hours at about $23 per megawatt hour. This cost is approximately $0.50 per megawatt hour lower than the figure we disclosed in May of 2011. For 2012 we’ve hedged approximately 18 million-megawatt hours at about 2350 per megawatt hour which is approximately $1 per megawatt hour lower than our May disclosure and for 2013, we have now hedged approximately 7 million-megawatt hours at about $26.50 per megawatt hour which is approximately $0.50 per megawatt hour lower than the previous disclosures. This hedging information completes our prepared remarks. We will now be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions) Our first question comes from the line of Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please proceed with your question. Your line is live.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Can you hear me?
Warner Baxter: Yes Julien, we can.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Hi, good morning. So I wanted to ask on your comments regarding environmental CapEx. It seems like a pretty favorable move here to reduce it in Missouri. Just curious to see or get some more flavor as to exactly how you were able to do that. What is it about the coal, what is it about the technology of the plants or perhaps what is it about the policy that’s changed quarter-over-quarter that gave you the flexibility here?
Warner Baxter: Hi Julien, this Warner Baxter. I would say a couple things gave us the flexibility. One, frankly is really what we’ve been doing for several years and that is really converting our plants to burn the low sulfur coal. But secondly, the thing that gave us quite a bit of flexibility was the proactive installation of our Sioux scrubbers which we just installed late last year. That gave us the option to take a look at this ultra-low sulfur coal strategy and consequently in looking at that and looking at our system we’re able to purchase this coal through 2017 and execute not only our coal purchase which is necessary for our customers’ needs but frankly is going to avoid significant capital expenditures for things like fabric filters, as well as DSI and brought significant savings for our customers. So I wouldn’t say it’s a meaningful change. It’s something we’ve been doing for some time to try and anticipate where these regulations were going to come and we were able to execute the strategy successfully.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Just as a follow-up, is it that you’re using treated coal of any sorts to avoid any kind of mercury complications?
Warner Baxter: No. Simply put we’re using ultra low sulfur coal and we’re able to enter into a contract for the term that Tom had laid out a little bit earlier today.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: And just a clarification. Is 2017 just the term of the contractor is there some meaningful regulatory change at that point in time that would alter this decision?
Warner Baxter: No meaningful change in the regulatory framework. It is – that was the term of the contract. Of course, we have the option to look even and purchase ultra-low sulfur coal beyond that should we want to, but nothing beyond that. That was just the appropriate term we felt to enter into the contract given that the – what we – we renewed not only were the regulations were but also obviously the tenure of such a long-term contract.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Thanks, guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of David Paz with Banc of America Merill Lynch. Please proceed with your question. Your line is live.
David Paz – Banc of America Merill Lynch: Good morning.
Thomas Voss: Good morning, David.
David Paz – Banc of America Merill Lynch: Thanks for the environmental disclosures. It’s very helpful. Just had some questions. What are your environmental plans for the Joppa, Meredosia, and Huntsville plants?
Thomas Voss: Well, I think overall what we’ve sketched out is, the plans for compliance as we said on the call with the Multi-Pollutant Standard, as well as the Cross State Air Pollution Rules, as well as HAP MACT, et cetera. Our compliance plans have very much focused on keeping our overall fleet compliant and I think when we look at these rules as we outlined on the call, the thing we’re still obviously taking a look at are the NOX compliance components of the – excuse me, the CSAPR rule. So as it relates to the rules and it relates to our plans, our focus has been keeping all of those plants intact. Of course when you look at the Multi-Pollutant Standard rule, you look at CSAPR, you look in at fleet wide averages, and so controls on certain power plants say other than those ones can help to keep the whole fleet running.
David Paz – Banc of America Merill Lynch: Okay. But before you guys were intending to use DSI, Joppa, and now you are not, so I guess should we assume, what...
Thomas Voss: Yes, sure. I think with respect to Joppa, I think what you’re looking at there is simply moving the DSI from there to Edwards to get the compliance you need on the sulfur dioxide and mete your fleet wide emission reductions in a more efficient way where you’re taking advantage of that bag house that we have planned for Edwards. So the DSI is moving from Jappa to Edwards but as you look at the Jappa plant, for things like HAP MACT in particular matter control you’re probably still looking at things like ESP upgrades and the like.
David Paz – Banc of America Merill Lynch: ESP upgrades, okay. And how much does the DSI raise costs even on a per ton or per megawatt hour basis?
Thomas Voss: Yeah, I don’t have the based on a per megawatt hour. There certainly will be some O&M expense related to that DSI, but I don’t have the per ton number with me.
David Paz – Banc of America Merill Lynch: Okay, all right. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Erica Piserchia with Wunderlich Securities. Please proceed with your question. Your line is live.
Erica Piserchia – Wunderlich Securities: Hi, thanks. Just a couple of questions. First, just I guess on the environmental to continue with that, I guess, you mentioned you’re considering some options as far as NOx control are concerned and I’m just wondering if you can clarify, are you talking about refined coal options on that side. I know Julien, was asking about the Sox side, but I know there’s some options on the refined coal side on NOx to treat that and derive some tax benefits and such out of that. Can you just provide a little bit more color there on options you’re considering?
Warner Baxter: Hi, Erica. This is Warner Baxter. I can speak for the Missouri side of the house. We are looking at a variety of options. Some of those options would not include purchasing different types of coal from a NOx perspective. What we would be looking at would be things like doing some more over-fired area that some of our power plants, potentially some reinjections. Of course we now have the ability to potentially look at NOx allowances with this potential – with this rule. Those types of things and of course, you can always look at SCRs. All those things are I guess part of the portfolio of things that we’ll look at. We’re going to continue to assess those through the course of this year and make a determination towards the end of this year and execute that, but it would not include a different purchase of coal.
Erica Piserchia – Wunderlich Securities: Okay.
Warner Baxter: On the merchant side of the house, Erica, we already have substantial controls that are in place. We have low NOx burners in all of our non-cycle plants, over fire air at our cycling plants, combustion optimization technology, we have selective catalytic reduction at Duck Creek, Coffine , Edwards so we already have substantial controls in place for reduction of NOx because of course, the Illinois multi-pollutant standard has been requiring us to reduce those emissions and positions us well for compliance with these Casper rules but we are still looking at additional options like selective non-catalytic reduction, combustion optimization, some of the things that Warner talked about as well.
Erica Piserchia – Wunderlich Securities: Got you, okay. And then on the sales side you mentioned you adjusted your weather normalized expectations for sales demand. Can you share what level of sales growth you’re now assuming?
Warner Baxter: Sure, Erica. Thanks for the question. I recall you asking a question about this last quarter. As we’ve gone through the year, what we certainly have seen is that while weather has played a role as we talked about, we did have much milder temperatures this year than last. They’ve been warmer than normal this year, but certainly lower than last. We had a very hot June last year. And we estimate weather and strip that out. For the six months year-to-date, we are still seeing declining sales trends as it relates to our residential and commercial categories. And so, we have revised our expectations for the year. I think Erica, you’ll recall that we had talked about some very modest growth plus or minus 1% expectations in residential commercial when we talked last quarter, but as we’ve gone through the six months and looked at the data, we felt it more prudent to lower our forecast and what we’ve now got built in is sales declines of around 1% on residential with the expectation of really no growth in commercial this year. We’re still seeing overall for the company positive trends in industrial primarily on the Illinois side of our business and we’re still expecting to see low to mid single-digit kind of growth in industrial, but we felt it prudent to lower those sales forecast expectations and again, as we talked about, align our spending plans to make sure we’re able to deliver on the earnings guidance that we’ve provided so we have built those in. Looking back at last year, it’s interesting. Last year, we had pretty solid growth in 2010 over 2009 levels, residential came in about 1.2% up, commercial about 2.6% up, so what we’re seeing here in the six months, we feel like we need to adjust to and we’ll continue to assess it.
Erica Piserchia – Wunderlich Securities: Okay. And just maybe one last kind of bigger picture question here. Can you share any thoughts on where you expect you can earn on an ROE basis this year or maybe put another way, what sort of what coming out of this Missouri case and obviously the Illinois case, but sort of what maybe at least on the Missouri side is kind of left to help you reduce regulatory lag that you’d have to seek in a future case?
Warner Baxter: Sure, Erica. Let me take a stab at that. If you look at our guidance range that we’ve got, we’ve provided $2.10, $2.25 for the regulated portion of our business. I think that implies an ROE range in the neighborhood of 8.3% to 8.9% and so if you take the midpoint of that for example, obviously you’re right around 8%, 8.6%. As you look ahead we’ve just completed the Missouri rate case so we’re only getting a partial benefit of that rate case this year and as you point out, we’ve got a rate case pending in Illinois that would adjust rates in January of 2012 and of course that’s based on a forecasted test year. And also our commitment to continue to align our spending to the overall business conditions we face. We are focused on improving our earned returns and on the call we talked about for instance in Missouri expecting to significantly narrow that gap between our earned returns this year and our allowed returns, so that’s what we’re focused on and just as a metric, I mean if we improve the earned returns from say that mid-point I gave you around 8.6% by 100 basis points to 9.6%, that adds about $0.20 to $0.25 of earnings year-over-year to the guidance that range that I gave you.
Erica Piserchia – Wunderlich Securities: Right. Okay. Okay, thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question. Your line is live.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Good morning, guys.
Thomas Voss: Good morning.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: On the Casper rule, you guys mentioned that it was more stringent than you thought it was but that you didn’t expect NOx CapEx to be meaningfully higher as a result of it or are you expecting any difference in operational costs and I’m talking particularly on the merchant side with respect to compliance with that or SO2 or is there any sense that what we might see there in terms of a potential increase on operational expenses?
Thomas Voss: Yeah, I don’t think, Paul, thanks for the question. I wouldn’t say we’re expecting any operational cost increases either. We are as I said before, we’ve had good controls in place over time to reduce our NOx emissions. We are looking at a low cost kind of options like the selective non-catalytic reduction, combustion optimization, and really evaluating all options and other options obviously have to do with certainly you could look at reduced levels of generation and low margin periods or purchases of allowances which right now I would say we don’t have much of a clear indication of what the value of those kinds of things are going to be but we’ll certainly look at all options on the table.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. So we look at this $200 million reduction. It’s kind of meaningful. You guys are lowering CapEx. Is that just because you guys have been invented and you found things or is there, I guess should we think of any change in the profit margin outlook, do you see what I’m saying? I just want to make sure it’s a tradeoff here?
Thomas Voss: There really wasn’t a tradeoff between those $200 million of reductions and profitability or margins and what the team has continued to do over time is look at spending plans both for environmental and non-environmental and some of the environmental what the team continues to do is to further design work, do further value engineering work and seek ways to drive costs out of the plans that we have in place and on the non-environmental same thing. Take a look at the planned spending we have in light of overall business conditions and look for opportunities to reduce bit plan spending and I’d note though when you look at our spending plans and you look at some of the investments we’re making this year, we are still investing in our power plants and making what we consider to be prudent necessary investments to keep those plants running well and in fact, this year they have been running very well.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay, that’s just great. Now, let me ask you on the MISO capacity thing, do you guys see any meaningful increase in capacity value as a result of what came out or you did mentioned that you weren’t completely happy with it but do you see any potential upside from that and also, if you don’t get a potential upside from it can you do what these other guys have done and go to PJM?
Martin Lyons: Yeah, I think is that – this is Marty. I’ll take the point about the capacity price themselves. I think, this is not all that we wanted to be as we outlined in the call, and we don’t necessarily believe that this proposed construct, which isn’t multiyear number one, and number two, we don’t think we’ll necessarily send the right price signals over time for investment in new capacity. So we do believe that it is, however, a good first foundational step for moving forward. We’re certainly going to provide comments to FERC with respect to MYSO’s proposal and obviously this isn’t the final rule. We’ll see what comes out of FERC.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay.
Thomas Voss: Yeah. And this is Tom Voss. We also hope that we’ll get portable that we’ll be able to put our capacity across markets and across seems, and so we’re going to work with MYSO on that option also.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay, great. And then just finally on the fuel FAC flow through, what’s the outlook for that going forward in terms of the impact on earnings?
Thomas Voss: Yeah, I think that – I believe what you’re asking about is the...
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: The $0.05?
Thomas Voss: Yeah, the $0.05. So what that related to was during a discrete historical period, while Noranda Aluminum was down, and we are seeing other industrial sales declines, we had made some sales off system, which the margins were held outside of the fuel adjustment clause, what the Commission ordered was that certain of those revenues beflow through the fuel adjustment clause, and so that was about $17 million $0.05 charge. There was, Paul, one period subsequent to that – period subsequent of that were similarly we held certain revenues outside the fact there’s about another $25 million exposure there, the Commission has not ruled on that at this time. However, beyond that there isn’t any exposure because after the last rate case we had, all of those types of revenues from those types of sales were through the rate making process, actually included in our base – net base fuel cost that go into the fuel adjustment clause. So it was really a finite or discrete period in time. It’s not something that is an exposure moving forward.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Then why not treat it like Taum Sauk and make it a one – and make it a non-core item, I guess is what I’m wondering. I mean, is it just a judgment call? I’m wondering is there any reason not to do that though I guess?
Thomas Voss: Well, sure it’s a judgment call. I think what we felt like, however, was that in prior periods, we had reported these revenues as part of our core earnings in revenues and we felt like the appropriate thing to do then was to – as we backed these revenues out essentially because they were flowing through the fuel adjustment clause that we would include those in our core earnings but certainly it’s a judgment item. When you look at the Taum Sauk charge that we have, it’s certainly large and unusual in nature. It’s a non-operating item and again in terms of differentiation, there are no prior earnings recognized for Taum Sauk.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Thanks for the clarity.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Robert Howard with Prospector Partners. Please proceed with your question, your line is live.
Robert Howard – Prospector Partners: Hi. Just wanted to check a couple things. This may have been kind of implied in some of your other answers but just the decision to use the ultra-low PRB Coal in Missouri versus in Illinois, I guess just wanted to kind of clarify the reasons is it really just the technologies in the various plants that is different enough, so that it works in Missouri versus it wasn’t a decision to do in Illinois?
Martin Lyons: This is Marty. Thanks, good question. It does have somewhat to do with the technology. Warner talked about in Missouri certainly having the benefit of the Sioux scrubbers on the merchant side, we have more extensive scrubber equipment in place with scrubbers at Coffin, Duck Creek scrubber, and we certainly are using low sulfur coal and plan to use low sulfur coal there as well. So there is a difference in some of the technologies that’s been deployed. I would also note that the other differentiation is that in the merchant side of our fleet we’re also complying with the multi-pollutant standard, so you’ve got the over layoff those rules on top of CSAPR that impacts your overall compliance decisions. And lastly when you look at the sales profile in Missouri, we certainly have steady regulated load growth to meet over time and in the merchant business, we do seek to line the hedging between our power sales and our fuel hedges over time, so those are some of the differentiating things that we think about.
Robert Howard – Prospector Partners: Okay. So we can’t say, okay, anybody out there in the country whose got some new state-of-the-art scrubbers that stayed like the Sioux plant can be sort of meet these requirements with ultra-low sulfur there is lot of these other factors going in there?
Martin Lyons: Yeah, I think that there are a number of factors that go in there. Obviously the lower sulfur content in your coal is going to help you in terms of your overall emissions but what makes sense for any particular generator I think is a function of equipment they have in place and the various cost tradeoff they have.
Robert Howard – Prospector Partners: Okay, and then for the ultra-low sulfur, how much of a premium is that in ballpark compared to what might be standard PRB coal?
Warner Baxter: Hi, this is Warner Baxter. Certainly, we don’t disclose the terms of our contracts but I’ll tell you that those arrived at fair market prices.
Robert Howard – Prospector Partners: But I guess is it significant? I don’t, is it something that’s tradable or I’m just trying to get a feel for is this something you have to pay a 10% premium on or some kind of ballpark?
Martin Lyons: Yeah, as Warner said we aren’t going to comment on the specific pricing related to the contract.
Robert Howard – Prospector Partners: Okay. Anyway, then your merchant fuel hedges, it looks like the new hedges were all kind of at lower prices. Is that just market prices declining, was there some other causes to get you better terms compared to the previous fuel hedges?
Martin Lyons: Sure. It is really related to market prices versus the coal costs that are embedded in the hedges that we put in place previously and so for I’d say a couple of quarters, we’ve been suggesting that as we layer on additional hedges based on market prices, broker quotes that you could go out and see that we would expect that the average price as we layered in additional hedges would come down. As we sit here today, I would say that those broker quote prices still look to be a little bit below the pricing that we have in the embedded contracts, a little more than below as it relates to 2013 frankly where the embedded costs are a bit higher because of the mix of some of the coal purchases that we actually have in the embedded hedges, so what you see on that fuel slide is as we’ve added megawatt hours hedged in terms of our coal, its brought the blended average price down.
Robert Howard – Prospector Partners: Okay, great. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question. Your line is live.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Hi guys. Thanks for the update on Missouri capital spending. Really two questions there. One, do you think the lower capital spending likely reduces regulatory lag and there for increases your ability to earn your authorized ROE in Missouri?
Warner Baxter: Michael, this is Warner. With regard to any type of spending especially with regard to capital expenditures to the extent you can mitigate especially mandated capital spending that tends to have a more favorable direction from a regulatory lag perspective but of course when you’re doing these major environmental projects much of that is done and the key is making sure that you align the timing of any of these major environmental controls with when you put rates into place, so there are actions you can take to mitigate that regulatory lag just as we did with the subscriber. We used unique approach to really mitigate some of that regulatory likes. So in a bigger picture it is helpful and no doubt, and certainly it’s a tremendous benefit for our customers.
Douglas Fischer: This is Doug Fischer. We have time for one more question. We want to respect some of the other calls coming right after us.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Dan Jenkins with the State of Wisconsin Investment Board. Please proceed with your question. Your line is live.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, good morning.
Warner Baxter: Good morning, Dan.
Unidentified Analyst: First I was wondering on the Taum Sauk appeal. What was the revenue requirement related to the Taum Sauk disallowance?
Warner Baxter: Hello, Dan. This is Warner Baxter. That impact was approximately $11 million from a revenue requirement standpoint in total.
Unidentified Analyst: And what kind of timeframe would you expect on the appeal? Is there any way to know?
Warner Baxter: Yeah, with regard to the appeal to the courts, there is no set timeframe on that. Typically, it is several months and we’re not surprised to see that decision move out into 2012 but I can’t predict a lot of it depends upon the court’s docket in front of them and so we filed immediately as soon as we’re able to do that and so we look forward to presenting our case before the courts here in the near future.
Unidentified Analyst: And then you mentioned that you had I think a $0.11 positive benefit from no Callaway outage, and with the scope and scale of the upcoming outage be similar that we would expect about an $0.11 hit in the second half comparison?
Warner Baxter: Dan, this is Warner Baxter. I would say generally the scope and overall timing of the outage would be consistent and of course in any given outage you have sometimes the difference between the level of capital expenditures in O&M, but by and large it’s probably roughly in that ballpark.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then just on the July weather I assume it was a lot hotter this year than it was last year; is that correct?
Warner Baxter: Yeah, it was, Dan. It’s one of the – I’d say one of the hottest Summers in the last 40 plus years, so it was very warm in July and August has started out pretty warm as well.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then I guess, the last thing I was wondering was on industrial sales that looked for either slightly negative or flat in the second quarter. Did you have any impact from say auto plants or anything there or what are you looking for or seeing?
Warner Baxter: Yeah, it wasn’t so much auto plants, as you look through the various categories, one that’s certainly sticks out in Missouri and Illinois is some that related to I’d say the building or construction industry like cement certainly popped out, general manufacturing. Some refining, some of which we think is really temporary in nature in terms of just some specific plant outages in our service territory in the second quarter that we think will again short-term in nature that will be back online in the third quarter. So I think some of what we saw looks like it might be a function of the economy and others looks like spotty and had to do with just specific outages at certain major industrial customers, so that’s kind of what we’re seeing.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you.
Douglas Fischer: Okay. This is Doug. I’d like to wrap up. Thanks for participating in this call. Let me remind you again that this call is available through August 11th on playback and for one year on our website. Today’s press release includes instructions on listening to the playback. You may also call or email the contacts listed on the release, financial analyst inquiries should be directed to me, Doug Fischer. Media should call Susan Gallagher. Our contact information is on the press release we issued today. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes today’s conference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. And we thank you all for your participation. Good day.

===== 2011 Q1  (2011-05-05 10:00:00) =====
Executives:  Doug Fischer Tom Voss – Chairman, President and CEO Marty Lyons – CFO, Principal Accounting Officer and SVP Warner Baxter – President and CEO, Ameren Missouri Scott Cisel – President and CEO, Ameren Illinois
Analysts:  Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets Erica Piserchia – Wunderlich Securities Paul Patterson – Glenrock Securities Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS Andy Levi – Caris & Company Gregg Orrill – Barclays Capital Toran Miller – Knight Capital Group Andy Serry [ph] Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs Neil Calton – Wells Fargo 
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ameren Corporation Q1 2011 Earnings Conference Call. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Doug Fischer, Director of IR for Ameren Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Fischer – you may begin.
Doug Fischer: Thank you and good morning. I’m Doug Fischer, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today are Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer Tom Voss; our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Marty Lyons; and other members of the Ameren management team. Before we begin let me cover a few administrative details. This call will be available by telephone for one week to anyone who wishes to hear it by dialing a playback number. The announcement you received in our news release includes instructions for replaying the call by telephone. This call is also being broadcast live on the internet and the webcast will be available for one year on our website at www.ameren.com. This call contains time sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today’s live broadcast. Redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning we have posted a presentation on our website to which we will refer during this call. To access this presentation please look in the Investor’s section of our website under webcasts and presentations and follow the appropriate link. Turning to page 2 of the presentation I need to inform you that comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions, and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in the forward-looking statements. For additional information concerning these factors please read the forward-looking statements section in the news release we issued today and the forward-looking statements and risk factors sections in our filings with the SEC. Tom will begin this call with a brief overview of Q1 2011 earnings and 2011 guidance followed by a discussion of recent business developments. Marty will follow with more detailed discussions of our Q1 2011 financial results and guidance as well as regulatory and financial matters. We will then open the call for questions. Here’s Tom who will start on page 3 of the presentation.
Tom Voss: Thanks Doug. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Today we announced Q1 2011 core earnings of $0.25 per share compared to Q1 2010 core earnings of $0.40 per share. These results were in line with our expectations despite being lower than those of the same period last year. The decline in core earnings per share was primarily the result of reduced margins in our Merchant Generations segment, as well as higher operations and maintenance expenses and reduced capitalized financing costs in our regulated utilities segments. Kilowatt hours sales of electricity to native load utility customers decreased 3% in Q1 of 2011 compared to Q1 of 2010 due in part to milder winter temperatures. Kilowatt hour sales to residential and commercial customers, both of which are temperature-sensitive, declined 4%. Kilowatt hour sales to industrial customers grew a strong 7%, an encouraging sign of continued economic growth. The decline in merchant generation segment margins reflected lower realized power prices and higher fuel and related transportation costs. The higher O&M expenses at our Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois regulated utilities segments in Q1 of 2011 largely reflected increased storm-related expenses compared to Q1 of 2010. We continued to exercise disciplined cost control in Q1 2011 with operations and maintenance expenses, excluding storm-related costs, up just slightly over the year-ago quarter. Factors favorably contributing to Q1 2011 core earnings compared to Q1 2010 core earnings included lower interest expenses and 2010 electric rate changes in Missouri and Illinois. Turning to page 4. Today we are reaffirming our GAAP and core earnings guidance of $2.20 to $2.60 per share for this year. Further we are reiterating our GAAP and core guidance ranges of $2.05 to $2.30 per share for our combined Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois segments and $0.15 to $0.30 per share for our merchant generation segment. Moving to page 5 we continue to anticipate positive free cash flow of approximately $100 million in 2011. This amount excludes approximately $45 million of potential cash proceeds from the pending sale of our remaining interest in the Columbia Combustion Turbine Facility to the City of Columbia, Missouri. Regarding storm impacts, this year our region has been hit very hard by a series of winter and spring storms affecting the lives of tens of thousands of our customers. Our employees in Missouri and Illinois have worked tirelessly and effectively to restore power and help meet other community needs. In Illinois, the February storms were the most widespread severe winter weather to hit our service area in years. Snow, ice, sustained high winds and freezing rain caused power outages in 50 counties and created several days of challenging work. More than 1600 Ameren Illinois employees and outside partners were part of the restoration effort. Reflecting the effectiveness of our work the Illinois Commerce Commission commended Ameren Illinois in our efforts in preparing for and responding to these historic winter storms. In Missouri, while significant efforts and expenditures were incurred to prepare for and deal with the February storms – and a tornado in early January – the most severe weather in that state hit in April. Not only did the torrential rain and gale-force winds from an F4 tornado uproot and damage more than 500 poles and toss electric wires onto streets and yards, they left hundreds of people homeless, destroyed churches and businesses, and shut down our region’s international airport. This was the worst tornado to hit the St. Louis region in nearly 40 years with more than 2500 buildings damaged beyond repair. These April 22nd storms followed storms that tore into Illinois earlier that week. Ameren Illinois supplied more than 1000 people to safely restore our Illinois customers only to subsequently send hundreds of crews to Missouri. Ameren Missouri assembled and deployed crews of more than 2000. We managed to safely restore power to nearly all of our Missouri customers within 72 hours and to the St. Louis airport in 24 hours. During extraordinary events like these our employees’ commitment to our customers is clear and I am proud of their performance. I want to recognize and thank all of our Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois coworkers for their dedication over the past few months and the teamwork exhibited as crews traveled back and forth between the two states, assisting one another with service restoration efforts. Moving to page 6 and regulatory matters, we are currently in the middle of an important electric rate case proceeding before the Missouri Public Service Commission. Last September we filed for an electric rate increase of approximately $263 million. We recently revised our request to approximately $200 million annually, or an approximate 8% increase in overall electric rates to reflect updates in the settlement of various issues. This request is driven by the significant investments we have made in our electric infrastructure to maintain and to improve the reliability of our system and to provide cleaner energy consistent with customers’ expectations. Included in our request are costs associated with the newly-installed scrubbers on our Sioux power plant, which represents approximately $106 million of our total request. The second key driver of the cost is higher net fuel costs. In a few minutes Marty will provide more detail on our updated request as well as the current positions of other parties to the case. The outcome of this case is very important to our company, our customers, our shareholders, and the state of Missouri. The bottom line is that we are seeking to recover the costs and investments we are actually incurring to provide service to our customers and to earn a fair return on our investments. In addition, we are seeking consistent, constructive regulatory policies that support necessary investments for safe, reliable and cleaner energy for the betterment of our customers and all stakeholders now and in the future. While we are discussing Missouri rates I would like to provide an update related to the appeals of certain aspects of our recent Missouri Electric order. In late December 2010 the Coal County Circuit Court in Missouri allowed four industrial customers, appealing the 2010 electric rate increase, to pay the portions of their bills representing increases from previously approved levels, into the court’s registry pending resolution of these appeals. This December court order staid the two most recent electric rate increases for those four customers subject to certain bonds being posted, which they did in February. Over the last two months the Office of Public Counsel and the Missouri industrial energy consumers have sought to rollback our 2010 electric rate increase to 2007 or to 2009 levels for all customers. These rollback attempts have been made at the Missouri Public Service Commission, the Missouri Western District Appellate Court, and most recently the Coal County Circuit Court. We strongly disagreed with all these motions and they were denied in all instances. In the most recent ruling on this matter the Coal County Circuit Court stated that the December 2010 stay only applied to the four industrial customers – it did not apply to all Ameren Missouri electric customers. As we have previously stated we disagree with the Circuit Court’s original December ruling creating a stay for the four industrial customers. Based on the merits of the case we do not believe it is probable that a loss will result from any of the issues being appealed by the parties, and we will continue to vigorously argue for our positions before the courts. Turning to Illinois regulatory matters, in that state we have requested a $111 million increase in annual electric and natural gas delivery revenues based on a future test year ending on December 31st, 2012. In Illinois, a Commerce-commissioned decision is expected in mid-January, 2012, with new rates expected to be effective that same month. The use of a future test year is designed to better match our 2012 rate levels to our expected 2012 costs, reducing regulatory lag and providing an improved opportunity to earn a fair return on investment. The ICC recently established a schedule for this case and we have listed several key dates on this page. On the Illinois legislative front we are proactively engaged in supporting the advancement of House Bill 14, the Energy Infrastructure Modernization Act. This infrastructure legislation is designed to benefit the State of Illinois and its electric and gas utility customers by providing incentives for substantial new investments that would modernize and upgrade electric and natural gas systems and improve service reliability, enable the delivery of more competitive supply sources of natural gas, and create jobs. These goals would be achieved by authorizing formulaic rate-making for qualifying utilities. This would be done by prescriptively establishing a rate of return on equity and allowing for annual resetting of rates, all while still providing appropriate regulatory oversight by the ICC. Qualifying Ameren Illinois would need to invest in an incremental $950 million of capital over a ten-year period. This would be in addition to a baseline level of capital expenditures determined by Ameren Illinois’ average capital expenditures for calendar years 2008 through 2010. We would also need to commit to creating 750 jobs either internally or externally and to achieving certain performance improvement goals. Shifting from our regulated utilities to our merchant generation business, we continue to seek and act upon opportunities to market and sell power at premiums to visible market prices to reduce and eliminate operating and planned capital expenditures, and to take other actions such as the sale of our Columbia combustion turbine asset to fund the cash needs of that segment and limit its needs for additional external financing. Moving now to environmental matters, as I stated in February, 2011 looks to be a pivotal year for federal environmental regulation. In March the US EPA issued proposed rules for retrofitting power plants with maximum achievable control technologies to reduce hazardous air pollutants such as mercury and acid gasses. Also in March the Agency issued proposed cooling water standards. Later this year, the US EPA is scheduled to finalize its propose Clean Air Transport Rule which is aimed at reducing emissions of sulfur dioxide and nitrogen oxide. Further, the agency is scheduled to issue rules for managing coal combustion byproducts and reducing greenhouse gas emissions later this year. These rules are expected to impose additional costs on our company and our customers and these additional costs could be substantial. We continue to have a team of experts actively evaluating these proposed and anticipated environmental standards. The team is focused on ensuring that we meet these standards in the most cost effective manner possible, taking into account outlooks for power prices, delivered fuel costs, and alternate compliance approaches to end technologies among other factors. We are still evaluating the rules proposed by the EPA in March and their impact on each of our generating units. As a result, we are not updating our environmental compliance or related capital expenditure plans at this time. In addition to evaluating proposed and anticipated rules, we are actively working with other companies in our industry to develop responses to the EPA’s proposals and meeting with state and federal officials including members of Congress in an effort to protect and promote the interests of our customers and shareholders. In closing, I want to reaffirm our dedication to positioning our company for long-term success. We are doing so by maintaining a sharp focus on customer satisfaction and by managing our expenditures in a disciplined manner. We remain committed to seeking utility rates and constructive regulatory frameworks that allow us to recover our costs and that provide an opportunity to earn a fair return on our investments. Further, we are committed to aligning our overall spending consistent with regulatory outcomes and the related cash flows provided by those decisions. And in both our regulated and merchant businesses we remain dedicated to operating in a safe, reliable and environmentally-responsible manner. Now I will turn the call over to Marty.
Marty Lyons: Thanks, Tom. Turning to page 7 of the presentation, today we reported Q1 2011 earnings in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles – or GAAP – of $0.29 per share compared to the Q1 2010 GAAP earnings of $0.43 per share. Excluding certain items in each year, Ameren recorded Q1 2011 core earnings of $0.25 per share, compared with Q1 2010 core earnings of $0.40 per share. Q1 2011 core earnings exclude one item that is included in GAAP earnings. This item is a four-set [ph] per share gain from the impact of unrealized marked to market activity primarily related to non-qualified power and fuel-related hedges. Moving now to page 8, here we highlight the key drivers of the variants between fore earnings per share for the Q1 of 2011 and for Q1 of 2010. Factors adversely affecting the comparison included a decline in margins at the merchant generation business segment resulting in reduced earnings of $0.07 per share. The reduced margins reflected lower realized power prices and higher fuel and related transportation costs. Winter weather was also a key factor behind the decline in earnings. Storm-related expenses reduced Q1 2011 earnings by $0.05 per share, compared to Q1 of 2010, while lower regulated electric and natural gas margins, excluding the impact of rate changes, reduced earnings by $0.40 per share. Half of this $0.40 was due to milder winter temperatures compared to Q1 of 2010. The other $0.02 of this margin-related earnings decline reflects lower Ameren Missouri wholesale electric sales and a change in the mix of Ameren Illinois electric sales mitigated in part by the benefits of the Tomsock [ph] Hydroelectric plant which returned to service in Q2 2010. Other factors contributing to lower Q1 2011 earnings included reduced equity-related capitalized financing costs, or EFCFC equity, of $0.03 per share compared to Q1 of 2010. The lower EFCFC equity reflected the 2010 completion of the scrubbers at Ameren Missouri’s Sioux Power Plant. We expect the Sioux scrubber project to be reflected in rates beginning early August, 2011, eliminating this temporary drag on earnings. The final adverse factor of note was a higher effective income tax rate on core earnings. This reduced earnings by $0.02 per share due in part to the higher income tax rate in Illinois effective at the beginning of this year. You will note that the Q1 2011 effective tax rate on core earnings was 38.5%, however, over the course of this year we expect this rate to moderate to within the range of 36.5% to 37%, the expected 2011 range that we shared with you in February. Key factors favorably affecting the variants between core earnings per share for Q1 2011 and for the Q1 of 2010 included lower interest expense, which boosted earnings by $0.04 per share. This reflects both reduced borrowings as well as greater capitalized interest costs. Finally, 2010 electric rate changes in Missouri and Illinois increased Q1 2011 earnings by $0.03 per share, net of certain related expenses, compared to Q1 2010. As Tom mentioned we are reaffirming our GAAP and core earnings guidance of $2.20 to $2.60 per share for this year. Further, we are reaffirming our guidance ranges for our combined Ameren Missouri and Ameren Illinois segments and for our merchant generation segment. Of course, extraordinary storms and related restoration efforts are very costly. Q1 2011 storm-related operations and maintenance expenses totaled $20 million, which is $18 million more than costs incurred in the prior year’s Q1. In addition, Q1 2011 storm-related capital expenditures were approximately $9 million. At this point, figures are not yet available for the April storms however, unlike the Q1 storms, we expect these April costs to be more heavily weighted towards capital expenditures rather than O&M as the vast majority of our effort was focused on infrastructure removal and replacement. On another note, I would like to remind you that from an O&M timing perspective this year’s Calloway Nuclear Plant refueling and maintenance outage is scheduled for the fall as compared to the spring refueling in 2010. Before I leave the subject of guidance I would like to discuss a recent Missouri Public Service Commission action and its expected impact on 2011 earnings. On April 27th the Missouri Public Service Commission issued an order in its first prudence review since implementation of Ameren Missouri’s fuel adjustment clause. The review covered the period from March 1st through September 30th, 2009. In this order, the PSC ruled that Ameren Missouri should have included in the fact calculation all revenues and costs associated with certain long-term partial requirement sales that were made by Ameren Missouri due to the loss of load from Narando-Luminum’s [ph] Missouri smelter plant. The loss of load was due to a severe ice storm in January, 2009. We are very disappointed in and disagree with the PSC’s order’s classification of these sales. We believe that the terms of the fuel adjustment clause tariff do not provide for the inclusion of these sales in the fuel adjustment clause calculation. Therefore, we intend to seek rehearing of the order and if necessary to appeal it through the judicial process. In addition, we are also considering other regulatory approaches to recover this extraordinary loss resulting from the January 2009 ice storm. However, as a result of the order we will record a Q2 pre-tax charge to earnings of $17 million. These sales were recognized by Ameren Missouri during the period from March 1st, 2009, through September 30th, 2009. Ameren Missouri also recognized an additional $25 million of pre-tax earnings associated with the same long-term partial requirements sales contracts subsequent to September 30th, 2009. The Missouri Public Service Commission has not completed a prudency review of the fact calculation for this subsequent period. If we determine that these sales are probable of inclusion in the fact, a charge to earnings would be recorded in the period in which that determination is made. As I close our discussion of 2011 earnings guidance I need to remind you that any net unrealized marked to market gains or losses will affect our GAAP earnings but are excluded from our GAAP earnings guidance because the company is unable to reasonably estimate the impact of any such gains or losses for the full year. Core earnings and guidance exclude any net unrealized marked to market gains or losses as well. Further, our earnings guidance for 2011 is subject to the risks and uncertainties outlined or referred to in today’s press release including the forward-looking statements section of that release. Turning now to page 9 and our pending Missouri electric rate case. Here we provide a summary of our request updated with certain true-ups through February 28, 2011, and settlement of certain issues. As Tom mentioned we are now requesting an annual electric rate increase of approximately $200 million based on a 10.7% return on equity, a 52.2% equity ratio, and rate base of approximately $6.7 billion. Approximately $40 million of the request reflects increased net base fuel costs. Other parties have also updated their recommendations in this case. The Missouri Public Service Commission staff now recommends an approximate $86 million annual revenue increase. The drivers of the difference between our updated request and the staff’s updated recommendation are provided on this page. As you can see, the largest driver is return on equity, accounting for about $108 million of the difference based on the staff’s midpoint return on equity. Also the staff continues to recommend that the fuel adjustment clause is changed to pass through to customers 85% of deviations between actual net fuel costs and the level of net fuel costs included in base rates. Currently, 95% of deviations are passed through. On page 10, key aspects of the updated positions of several other parties to the case are outlined. The Missouri Industrial Energy Consumers are recommending $58 million of downward adjustment to our requested revenue requirement primarily reflecting a 9.9% midpoint return on equity and the exclusion of approximately $11 million of property taxes related to the Sioux scrubbers and Tomsock [ph]. The Office of Public Counsel has recommended disallowance of the approximately $90 million of Tomsock [ph] Power Plant investment which we have included in our filed rate base. The revenue requirement associated with this proposed disallowance is approximately $10 million annually. We are asking for recovery of only the portion of Tomsock [ph] costs that are related to enhancements or that would have been incurred in the absence of the upper reservoir breach that occurred several years ago net of insurance proceeds. This request is consistent with our 2007 settlement agreement with the State of Missouri. Finally, the Missouri Energy Group which represents certain other business customers, filed testimony supporting an approximate 9.9% midpoint return on equity. Hearings for this case are currently underway before the Missouri Public Service Commission and are scheduled to continue through mid-May. A Public Service Commission order is expected in July with new rates expected to be effective in early August. As Tom stated a moment ago, this electric rate case is very important for our company. The results will impact the cash flows we have available to make important investments in our energy infrastructure in the future. We are committed to aligning our operations and maintenance spending and capital investments within our rate regulated businesses with the revenue and related cash flow levels provided by regulatory decisions. Moving now to our merchant generation business segment on page 11, we provide an update of our forward power sales and hedge data. As you can see we have significant hedges in place which are at power prices above current market levels. We expect our merchant plants to generate approximately 29 million megawatt hours in 2011. These 29 million megawatt hours include 100% of the expected generation of the Edison Electric Energy Inc. plant, a plant in which Ameren owns an 80% interest. For 2011 approximately 27 million megawatt hours of our generation is sold or hedged at an average price of $45 per megawatt hour. For 2012 we have hedged approximately 17.5 million megawatt hours at an average price of $48 per megawatt hour. Further, for 2013 we have hedged approximately 9 million megawatt hours at an average price of $42 per megawatt hour. Our capacity sales are approximately 80% hedged for 2011, approximately 52% hedged for 2012, and approximately 26% hedged for 2013. Turning to page 12, here we update our merchant generation segment’s fuel and related transportation hedges. For 2011 we have hedged approximately 28 million megawatt hours at about $23.50 per megawatt hour; for 2012 we have hedged approximately 20 million megawatt hours at about $24.50 per megawatt hour. That cost is approximately $0.50 per megawatt hour lower than the figure we disclosed in February 2011, and for 2013 we have now hedged approximately 8 million megawatt hours at about $27 per megawatt hour. This cost is also an improvement by approximately $1.50 per megawatt hour compared to our February disclosure. These 2013 coal hedges continue to include a large proportion of our expected burn of Illinois Basin coal and a much smaller proportion of our expected burn of Powder River Basin coal. To provide perspective, our typical burn is 3% Illinois and 97% Powder River Basin coal. This hedging information completes our prepared remarks. We will now be happy to take questions.
Operator: Thank you. We will now be conducting a question-and-answer session. (Operator Instructions.) Our first question is from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Good morning, how are you? Can you just give a little bit more detail on the $0.03 cost on the Sioux scrubbers with the equity linked financing and then secondly just clarify what’s in the ongoing earnings? You’re keeping the storms in there I assume, and what are you doing with the charge for the Naranda [ph] excess capacity margin?
Marty Lyons: Sure, let me, I think there were three questions in there which are all good questions I appreciate. Let me make sure I try to hit them all though. I think the first one was about the EFCFC equity. Last year when we were constructing the Sioux scrubber we were certainly capitalizing all of the financing costs associated with that as part of the EFCFC – those are both interest costs as well as equity financing costs. Once the scrubbers went into service, in accordance with a regulatory agreement we were able to defer them for regulatory purposes: the depreciation associated with that scrubber after it went into service as well as all financing costs, both the interest financing costs and the equity related financing costs. And once we get to the point of our new rates going into effect in Missouri we would expect that all of those costs would then be getting recovered. For accounting purposes, for financial reporting purposes, we are able to defer the appreciation recognition and the interest financing costs associated with that scrubber. However, we are not able to continue to recognize EFCFC equity, so that was a plus last year; this year when you compare year-over-year results we don’t have those same EFCFC equity earnings. However, for regulatory purposes those are being deferred and we certainly will get those returns once the new rates go into effect. And we did, if you look back at our guidance we gave in February my recollection is we expected a $0.07 to $0.08 negative impact year-over-year related to that EFCFC equity issue. But I think that was your first question. The second question I think related to storm costs. We mentioned in our prepared remarks that we did have this year in Q1 about $20 million of incremental operations and maintenance expenses associated with storm restoration costs. That equates to about $0.05 per share and they have been included in the ongoing earnings – we have not stripped those out. So that was I think your second question. And then I believe your third question had to do with the Naranda [ph] related issue, and as we mentioned in our prepared remarks we expect that based on the Public Service Commission’s order in our fuel adjustment clause proceeding that in Q2 we would take a charge of about $17 million, and so that is also reflected in the ongoing earnings and is also reflected in the guidance we gave today.
Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Thank you very much for clearing that up.
Operator: Our next question is from Erica Piserchia with Wunderlich Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Erica Piserchia – Wunderlich Securities: Hi guys, how are you? Just a couple questions. First I realize you don’t normally break out some of the usage statistics ex the weather, but can you talk a little bit maybe more broadly about what you’re seeing excluding weather on residential and commercial usage, just kind of going more to the economy? And then I have a follow-up question as well.
Marty Lyons: Sure, Erica, thanks for the question. This is Marty again. When we look at the sales for the quarter as we talked about in our talking points, a couple things that I’d say impacted overall the native load margins: some of that was reduced residential and commercial sales which was in part due to the weather. However, when we strip out weather we do still see in the Q1 year-over-year some slight reduction in the residential and commercial sales. We talked at the beginning of the year about our expectation of moderate sales growth and what we’re looking for over the course of the year today is probably in the range across the company of around 1% growth in residential and commercial sales, probably a little less on the residential side and a little more on the commercial side, and that’ll vary a little bit from state to state as well. But that is what we’re looking for over the course of the year. In terms of industrial sales, if you’re getting to economic recovery, we did see again year-over-year pretty good sales growth in industrial even excluding the impact of Naranda [ph]. Overall we saw, as we talked about in our talking points, a 7% year-over-year improvement in industrial sales. Over the course of the year we don’t necessarily expect industrial sales to be that robust but we do expect that we may be able to still see mid-single digit improvement year-over-year in industrial sales. And again I’d say this year, seeming to be led by Illinois where we saw more outsized growth, Missouri excluding Naranda [ph] is frankly still down a little bit year-over-year in the industrial sector.
Erica Piserchia – Wunderlich Securities: Okay, so it sounds like what you’ve seen in the Q1 would then seem to be consistent with that full-year expectation, implicit because you’ve maintained your guidance?
Tom Voss: Yes, that’s exactly right. I mean we had never come out and- In Q1 we had talked about moderate sales improvement but I don’t think we quantified it, but what we’re seeing in Q1 is perhaps a little weaker than expectation but overall we expect the growth this year to come in reasonably in line with our original expectations and we’re able to maintain the guidance.
Erica Piserchia – Wunderlich Securities: Okay, and then just a second question on- I may have missed just at the end of your comments there, Marty, on some of the fuel cost improvements in terms of your hedge profile for this quarter versus your comments on the February call. Just what exactly is going on there? Is that more on the base load, the coal input costs or anything going on with transportation there? What’s sort of driving that? Is that the mix that you mentioned at the end?
Marty Lyons: Yeah sure, Erica, and I’d be happy to sort of expand on that. When you look at the slide we prepared, slide 12, we tried to break down for you the main components of our overall hedged fuel costs. And if you look back at the changes, if we’re looking at ‘12 and ‘13 for example, we really haven’t changed at all the amount of hedges we have in place for transportation or fuel surcharges, so those amounts really haven’t changed. The coal hedges however have increased and those hedges have increased I’d say in line with the power hedges that we have in place. So we added some coal hedges to get the percentages up in line with our power hedges, and as we did that we were able to bring the blended average of our hedges down. And we tried to communicate that back in February that that was our expectation, that based on current prices and broker quotes that we believed that we would, as we put additional hedges in place we’d be able to bring the average cost down. And you know, at least as far as broker quotes go between February and now we’ve actually seen some improvement in pricing and as we put these hedges on we did in fact lock in prices that allowed us to bring the blended average down.
Erica Piserchia – Wunderlich Securities: Okay, thank you, that’s helpful.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Securities: Good morning, guys. I know you’re not updating the environmental CAPEX on the merchant fleet because of those proposed EPA rules, but is there any sort of directional, I mean is there any major change that you think may be happening there as a result of that or is it pretty much youthful for what we know right now?
Tom Voss: This is Tom Voss. We’re just now really getting a chance to look at those rules and you know, they’re fairly extensive and fairly detailed and it’s really going to take some time to figure out how we’ll comply. We do think there’s maybe a little bit more flexibility than expected in the rules, but at this point in time we really can’t tell how that’ll actually play out on our particular plants yet.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Securities: Okay, and then in terms of financing the merchant environmental CAPEX, is that something that’s solely something that’s going to happen at the merchant sub or do you foresee some cash coming from the parent on that?
Marty Lyons: Yeah, sure Paul, this is Marty again. You know, we’ve talked about it repeatedly and we said on this call, our objective would be for that business segment to be able to provide for its own cash needs. So with that being the objective we’re certainly still looking at every opportunity to again sell power at prices, premium prices to visible market prices; we’re continuing to look at opportunities to further reduce operating expenses. We’ll look at opportunities to defer or reduce capital expenditures to the extent it’s prudent to do so, and basically take actions to limit the financing needs for that business. Other things that we’ve explored are things like we talked about today. We’re engaged at FERC and in the process of getting approval to sell our Columbia CTGs to the City of Columbia, again about $45 million of additional cash proceeds. So we’re going to look at opportunities like that to close the gap if there is one in cash flows needed for financing at that business.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Securities: Okay, and then just finally on the $17 million refund, I know you guys are asking for a rehearing there, but assuming that you don’t get any change on the treatment of that should we think of there being any ongoing issue in terms of this ruling other than the $17 million that you currently have to refund? Or is this just like a one-timer as it sort of would seem; in other words, your ultimate exposure is $17 million as opposed to some ongoing potential impact from that?
Marty Lyons: Right, I understand Paul. The exposure is limited because after our last rate case there was a change in the way these sales are incorporated into the overall rate making and into the base rates. So the exposure was the $17 million but as we talked about on the call there was about $25 million of additional margins that have been recognized on these contracts for periods subsequent to the period affected by this ruling but prior to the new rates going into effect. So there is a little bit of additional exposure, however after our last rate case those sales and the margins on those were included in the overall base rate. And I think that’s one of the reasons, too, why we’re seeing a little bit of a reduced margin in this Q1 compared to last year. It has to do with the expiration of some of those contracts and the inclusion of margins associated with you know, all of our sales being included in base rates.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Securities: Okay, thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question is from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Hi, good morning. Hey, you know, as I was looking at your recent integrated resource plan in Missouri it seemed as if you’re planning to move forward or could potentially move forward with new scrubbers at Rush Island. I was just wondering if you could give us a sense as to CAPEX and timing and perhaps as you alluded to before, how that meshes with perhaps your initial read on EPA’s Hat-Mac [ph] rules, and then also as well tying in discussions- I think you talked about five further units with ACI so perhaps your overall Ameren Missouri environmental CAPEX plan.
Warner Baxter: Hi Julien, this is Warner Baxter. I can comment a little bit on what we put in the IRP and really where we’re at on the environmental compliance plan. As you know we filed that IRP, integrated resource plan in February, and prior to that we had not seen at least the proposed new rules on the Mac standards, and of course the transport rules are still pending. And so that was based on a host of assumptions at that point in time and you’re right – we looked out in the next several years of putting some additional scrubbers on at Rush Island. So where we’re at today is just as Tom said, that we are taking a look at all these rules and carefully looking at our overall and environmental compliance plan. As Marty talked to a little bit earlier we’ve made significant progress in that environmental compliance plan by putting on the Sioux scrubbers but we are still going to be continuing to look at all those proposed rules and look very carefully at all of our potential compliance options to do what we can to mitigate the increasing costs associated with those new rules to our customers. So right now it’d be premature to say that we’ve finalized any of those determinations. IRP put that as sort of our best view at that time but we will sharpen our pencil here over the next several months and get to a more refined view in the future.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Great. And then secondly, I know you kind of addressed it just now but with respect to the Missouri sale, the Missouri asset sale to the co-op, at this current point in time do you project needing to inject equity into GenCo in ‘12? Or is that more of a ‘13, ‘14 kind of decision at this point as far as you guys see out?
Marty Lyons: No, I’d go back to my prior comments, Julien, this is Marty. That CT that we talked about, just for clarity because I know you just transitioned and I know you realized this, that we transitioned a little bit from a Missouri discussion over to a merchant discussion in GenCo. There is a GenCo asset that’s being sold and that’s $45 million of potential additional cash for GenCo to finance its operations. But Julien, we’re at a point where I’d say we’re giving out any guidance with respect to ‘12 or ‘13. I’d go back to my prior comments that we are looking at every opportunity to improve margins associated with that business and reduce operating and capital costs to avoid the need for additional financing, and we’ll look at opportunities like the sale we talked about here – $45 million sale of the CT – to plug any cash flow needs that that business segment may need. So those are our objectives and that’s what we’re working to achieve.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Great, and then just a quick last question here with regards to the electric rate changes in Missouri, the year-on-year plus 3. Do you mind talking about or elaborating a bit with respect to the net of certain related expenses, just how to think about those related expenses? Is that a full-year impact here and what those expenses are?
Marty Lyons: Right, no I wouldn’t necessarily annualize those. I think that when you have a rate increase sometimes there are things that are annualized, like increases in depreciation or amortizations, however that would also include, Julien, things like changes in the timing of when fuel costs, for example, are recognized under fuel adjustment clause in Missouri. To the extent that the timing of the inclusion of a base fuel cost changes from period to period, that would affect the margins that we have for that segment. So I go back a little bit to what we mentioned in the comments about we did see some lower margins. We said part of that had to do with some of our weather-sensitive loads, also some of it had to do with these long-term requirement sales which again were included in the overall net based fuel cost calculation in the last rate case. So again, incorporating those and incorporating a different timing pattern of fuel costs you’ll get to a little bit different margin month by month. So I’m not sure you can get to a real run rate on the net other items.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS: Great, well than you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Andy Levi with Caris & Company. Please proceed with your question.
Andy Levi – Caris & Company: Hi, guys, I’m all set. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Gregg Orrill with Barclays Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Gregg Orrill – Barclays Capital: Thanks. I was wondering if you could touch on HB 14 in Illinois and sort of what are the prospects for that and the key issues that are the swing factors right now for whether it gets done or not?
Scott Cisel: Good morning, this is Scott Cisel and I’ll respond to your question. We continue to proactively meet with the leaders and the member of the General Assembly, and they remain curious and wanting to understand the merits, and we are working hard to get a vote cast in both chambers before the end of this session. Certainly it’s too early to predict the outcome but we believe there’s a fair chance that the bill will be heard and we’ll have an opportunity to have a vote cast again in both chambers yet this spring session.
Gregg Orrill – Barclays Capital: Okay. And also on the Coal County case in Missouri, are you still expecting a ruling on the merits of that case or not given that you have a rate decision coming up?
Warner Baxter: Hi Gregg, this is Warner and with regard to the Coal County case, I think you have to keep in mind we have appeals which are pending for both our 2007 and 2009 rate orders, both on specific issues; and those are still pending and those will go through the normal process here over the next several months and maybe beyond just several but maybe close to a year when you look at our most recent rate case. Those will go in the normal course. If you refer to sort of the rate rollback and those type of issues, if that’s what you’re referring to, as Marty and Tom said those issues have been denied in three venues. Whether there’s anything more that will happen associated with rate rollback remains to be seen but we vigorously defended those positions already and have been successful. But there are still appeals pending and we continue to fight those issues with the courts.
Gregg Orrill – Barclays Capital: Okay, thanks. Operator Our next question comes from Toran Miller with Knight Capital Group. Please proceed with your question.
Toran Miller – Knight Capital Group: Good morning. I was wondering if you’re willing to comment on what role, what changes might occur as Entergy enters the Miso [ph] and how that might influence the development of a capacity market for Miso [ph].
Tom Voss: This is Tom Voss. I’ll take one stab at that and then maybe somebody else will want to jump in. It’s kind of early right now to really state a lot about how the markets will be affected. We certainly think that coming in it should help out with some of the administrative costs we’ve got at Miso and that would be a good thing. Actually how the market’s going to flow, I think it’s just too early to speculate on that at this time.
Andy Serry [ph]: Agree, Tom. This is Andy Serry [ph]. We are as everyone else is looking at the impact of Entergy joining Miso. Let’s not lose sight that it has to receive all the necessary approvals for that to happen. But there is some transport capacity between Miso and Entergy as it currently exists and we’re looking at that as far as not only the ability to get capacity at Entergy into the Entergy markets but also just the state of the Entergy markets, not only Entergy’s position but the different players in that market as well.
Toran Miller – Knight Capital Group: And can you just give us a broader update on what you think is going on with reference to the potential development in the capacity market?
Andy Serry [ph]: Sure. As it stands right now Miso has plans to file a new capacity construct next month, June of this year, and that construct would basically go from a monthly requirement to an annual requirement. It would be a single round with a vertical reliability target, sort of a target number for capacity and locational pricing mechanisms to handle not only the export but import constraints of the different zones and across seams as well. But the final implementation with that filing here in June will be for planning year 2013-14.
Toran Miller – Knight Capital Group: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Hey guys, just got a question for you – at what stage at both the non-regulated side but even the regulated side, when you look at both the various rules kind of making your way through the EPA right now, when do you have to make decisions by to potentially scrub units or start setting retirement dates for units?
Tom Voss: This is Tom Voss. We’ve been planning for a long time. We weren’t just waiting for these rules. We had our own point of view you might say on where we thought they’d be and when implementation schedules, and we were working towards compliance. I don’t think anything that came out so far would change anything we’ve been working on as far as compliance. We still have time we think in order to figure out exactly the best way to comply with these new rules. As I said, they have some flexibility involved with them that we’re pleased with and we have to study it a little further to ensure, but we have time to change or adjust our implementation schedule.
Doug Fischer: This is Doug Fischer. We have time for just one more question.
Operator: Our last question comes from the line of Neil Calton [ph] with Wells Fargo. Please proceed with your question.
Neil Calton – Wells Fargo: Hi good morning, everyone. Just a quick question on capacity sort of following on a previous question about the Miso looking at a capacity market. Is that shaping your hedging philosophy in terms of capacity as you look out to ‘13-’14? And then very quickly separately what kind of prices are you seeing out there in the market for capacity in the 2012-’13 timeframe out there right now?
Andy Serry [ph]: Sure, several questions if I can address them, if I don’t let me know. We look at capacity, not only capacity sales individually but also as we add full requirement customers and bundling energy with capacity sales on that. Into that capacity construct we’re actively selling into that market both on the retail and the wholesale sector, but as far as the construct we work actively with Miso to form that. We were hoping to push the construct needs from a one-year to a multiple-year, similar to what we’re seeing in PJM, but yes. I think your other question was as far as what we’re seeing for capacity prices in 2012 and ‘13?
Neil Calton – Wells Fargo: Correct.
Tom Voss: Yeah, I’ve got that, Andy, if I could be a help. What we’re seeing out there right now for dollars per megawatt years, in 2012 around $360 and in 2013 around $5300.
Neil Calton – Wells Fargo: Thank you.
Operator: I would now like to turn the floor back over to management for closing comments.
Doug Fischer: This is Doug Fischer. Thank you for participating in this call. We look forward to meeting with many of you at the AGA Financial Forum in May, in mid-May. Let me remind you again that this call is available through May 12th on playback and for one year on our website. Today’s press release includes instructions on listening to the playback. You may also call or email the contacts listed on the release. Financial analyst inquiries should be directed to me, Doug Fischer; media should call Susan Gallagher. Our contact information is on the news release. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2010 Q4  (2011-02-22 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Doug Fischer – IR Tom Voss – Chairman, President and CEO Marty Lyons – SVP and CFO Warner Baxter – President and CEO, Ameren Missouri Scott Cisel – President and CEO, Ameren Illinois
Analysts: Paul Ridzon – KeyBanc Reza Hatefi – Decade Capital Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates Erica Piserchia – Wunderlich Securities Ashar Khan – Visium Julien Dumoulin-Smith – UBS Robert Howell – Prospectus Partners David Katz – Bank of America Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board Charles Stunnet [ph] – Stunnet Research [ph] Sarah Eccles – Wells Fargo Advisors Steven Gambuzza – Longbow Capital Daniele Seitz – Dudack Research 
Operator: Welcome to the Ameren Corporation’s Year-End and Fourth-Quarter Earnings Call. At this time, all participants’ are in a listen-only mode. A brief question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator instructions) As a reminder, this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host, Douglas Fischer, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you, Mr. Fischer. You may begin.
Doug Fischer: Thank you, and good morning. I am Doug Fischer, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today are our Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer; Tom Voss; our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Marty Lyons; and other members of the Ameren management team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. The call will be available by telephone for one week to anyone who wishes to hear it by dialing a playback number. The announcement you received in our news release include instructions for replaying the call by telephone. This call will also be broadcast live on the Internet and the webcast will be available for one year on our Web site at www.ameren.com. This call contains time sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today’s live broadcast. Redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist with our call this morning, we’ve posted a presentation on our Web site to which we’ll refer during this call. To access this presentation, please look in the Investors section of our Web site under ‘Webcasts and Presentations’ and follow the appropriate link. Turning to page #2 of the presentation, I need to inform you that comments made during this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated and described in the forward-looking statements. For additional information concerning these factors, please read the forward-looking statement section in the news release we issued today and the forward-looking statements and risk factors sections in our filings with the SEC. Tom will begin this call with an overview of 2010 earnings and 2011 guidance, followed by a discussion of recent business developments. Marty will follow with more detailed discussions of 2010 financial results, our 2011 guidance and regulatory and financial matters. We’ll then open the call for questions. Here’s Tom who will start on page #3 of the presentation.
Tom Voss: Thanks, Doug. Good morning and thank you for joining us. The past year was marked by significant accomplishments at our company. I’m pleased to report that 2010 core earnings reached $2.75 per share within the upper end of our most recent earnings guidance range issued in late October and nearly equaling 2009 core earnings of $2.79 per share. Improved earnings at our regulated utilities nearly offset a decline in core results from our Merchant Generation business. Factors favorably affecting 2010 core earnings included a 9% increase in electric Kwh sales to native load customers, new electric utility rates, lower financing cost and disciplined cost management. The increase in Kwh sales was the result of favorable weather, a recovering economy, and the return to full service of the large customers’ aluminum smelter plant. Total kwh sales to industrial customers rose 16% and even after excluding sales to the aluminum smelter plant, industrial sales increased 8%. Kwh sales to residential and commercial customers rose 7%. Items offsetting these favorable factors included lower Merchant Generation margins due to lower power prices and higher fuel and related transportation cost and higher companywide depreciation and amortization expenses. Overall, our non-fuel operations and maintenance cost increased only slightly reflecting the cost of the refueling outage at our Callaway Nuclear Plant, offset by disciplined cost management across all of our business segments. You may recall that our nuclear plant did not have a refueling outage in 2009. Per share results also reflected an increased average number of common shares outstanding. Turning to page #4, you will find a list of other accomplishments in 2010. We’ve discussed many of these with you previously, so I won’t touch on each of them. However, I’d like to highlight the fact that free cash flow reached the positive $341 million in 2010. In addition, our safety and customer satisfaction showed improvement compared to 2009, as both power plant and distribution system reliability remained solid. We returned our newly rebuild Taum Sauk pumped storage hydroelectric plant to service and placed scrubbers into service at three of our power generating units. And we launched plants for growing our transmission business. All of the accomplishments listed were the result of a focused and dedicated workforce. Moving now to page #5 today, we also announced 2011 GAAP and core earnings guidance of $2.20 per share to $2.60 per share. The expected decline in 2011 core earnings per share compared to 2010 primarily reflects an assumed return to normal weather and expected lower margins at our Merchant Generation business. I’m pleased to report that we expect positive free cash flow in 2011. In fact, our Merchant Generation business expects positive free cash flow, even though 2011 capital expenditures for this segment are expected to increase, compared to prior guidance. This increase in capital expenditures reflects our plan to accelerate the installation of scrubbers at our Newton plant and the addition of an equipment upgrade at one of our large Merchant Generation plants. We’ve moved up the in-service dates of the two scrubbers at Newton by approximately one year to late 2013 and spring 2014. This decision was driven by our plants are complying with the US EPA proposed Clean Air Transport Rule. Installing scrubbers at Newton is also a key part of our plan for complying with the Illinois multi-pollutant standards. Shifting to capital spending plans in our Regulated businesses, the five-year budget that Marty will discuss in a few minutes now includes the cost of installing scrubbers at two of our Missouri coal-fired units. These scrubbers are projected to enter service by late 2015. Marty will provide further details on our 2010 earnings and cash flow and our 2011 earnings and cash flow guidance including budgeted capital expenditures. Before Marty speaks, I’d like to review recent regulatory developments at our utilities. Turning to page #6, we’ve been authorized to increase rates at both our Missouri and Illinois utilities over the past 12 months. In mid 2010, our Missouri utility obtained approval from the Missouri Public Service Commission to increase electric rates by $230 million annually and then in February this year to increase gas rates by $9 million annually. These rate increases have been necessary to recover the costs of infrastructure investments, higher fuel costs and other operating expenses. While on the topic of prior rate orders, I’d like to comment on ongoing litigation surrounding appeals of certain aspects of the two most recent Missouri Electric orders. As disclosed in an 8-K filed on Wednesday of last week the Missouri Office of Public Counsel made a filing with the Missouri Public Service Commission arguing that a late December Missouri Circuit Court stay of our 2010 electric rate increase as it applies to four industrial customers should now be effective for all customers. Needless to say, this would be unprecedented and we adamantly disagree with the OPC’s argument. In late December, the Missouri Circuit Court found that four industrial customers appealing the 2010 electric rate increase could pay the portions of their bills representing increases from previously approved levels into the court’s registry pending resolution of these appeals. This effectively stayed the rate increase for those parties. We disagree with the court’s ruling granting these industrial customers a stay and we do not believe any of the issues being appealed by the parties are probable of loss based on the merits. Given that this is an act of legal matter, we won’t be able to comment further on this call, but we’ll be responding to the arguments of the Office of Public Counsel in supporting arguments made by certain industrial customers and filings with the Missouri Public Service Commission this week. Turning now to Illinois. In November 2010, our Illinois delivery utility received an order on rehearing from the Illinois Commerce Commission on issues arising from the Commission’s amended order of May 2010. This rehearing order brought the total annual revenue increase in this case to $53 million. Moving to pending rate cases in September 2010, our Missouri Utility filed for a $263 million annual electric revenue increase. On February 8, other parties filed their initial testimony. While we strongly disagree with elements of the staffs and other parties initial recommendation this case is still in its early stages. We look forward to presenting our case to the Missouri Public Service Commission beginning in April. A Public Service Commission order is expected in July. A few days ago, our Illinois electric and gas delivery utility filed with the Illinois Commerce Commission for a $111 million increase in annual revenues. This request is based on a test year ending December 31st 2012 with an ICC decision expected in January of 2012. The use of a future test year is designed to better match our 2012 rate levels to our expected 2012 cost, reducing regulatory lag and providing an improved opportunity to earn a fair return on investment. Marty will provide further details on the interveners initial recommendations in the Missouri electric case and the Illinois delivery rate filing. In addition to these developments in our state jurisdictions, we’re awaiting action from the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission on our filing for pre-approval of supportive rate treatment for Phase I of our proposed Grand Rivers regional electric transmission projects. We continue to position our company for long-term success. On February, the 9th we announced changes in assignments for several members of our executive management. Chuck Naslund, who did a tremendous job of better positioning our Merchant Generation business to weather this period of low power prices, will assume the role of Senior Vice President, Generation and Environmental Projects at Ameren Missouri. Chuck will also lead our Ameren wide generation initiative, which includes evaluation and optimization of environmental compliant strategies. In Chuck’s career at Ameren, he has a one time or another overseen the operation of all our power plants and has been instrumental at optimizing the performance of our Merchant Sioux existing scrubbers and re-evaluating and lowering projected cost of compliance with the Illinois Multi-Pollutant Standard. Over the coming months we expect to see a host of proposals and rules from the US EPA and I believe that having Chuck’s focused time and attention on Ameren wide compliance planning efforts will ensure that we make the best decisions for our future. Steve Sullivan, our Corporate Secretary and General Counsel succeeds Chuck as President and CEO of Ameren Energy Resources. In addition to his many years of legal, regulatory and financial experience, Steve has also been responsible for overseeing government and regulatory relations at both the state and federal levels, fuel purchasing and our electric transmission organization. We’re making these changes and others within our organization to take full advantage of our leadership expertise and bring new ideas to the evolving business conditions we face. As I mentioned, this could be a pivotal year in the area of environmental regulation. The EPA is scheduled to finalize its proposed clean air transport rule which is aimed at reducing emissions of sulfur-dioxide and nitrogen oxide. Further the agency has scheduled proposed requirements for retrofitting power plants with maximum, achievable, control technologies to reduce hazardous air pollutants such as mercury and acid gases. The EPA is also expected to issue cooling water standards and rules for reducing green house gas emissions. These rules are expected to impose additional cost that could be substantial for the company and therefore our customers. I want to assure you that we’ve a team of experts in place who are continually anticipating and evaluating changing environmental standards for our power plants and are focused on meeting these requirements in a most cost-effective manner possible. In addition, we’re actively working to shape new environmental rules for the benefit of our customers and shareholders. Our strategy for financial success is unchanged. Our regulated utilities remain focused on earning fair returns on investment by seeking consistent constructive regulatory outcomes including mechanisms that reduce regulatory lag like the use of the future test year in our Illinois rate filing. Further, we continue to focus on disciplined cost management, including aligning our spending with the levels of rates authorized by our regulators. In 2010, our regulated utilities narrowed the gap between their core earnings and they are allowed returns on equity by almost 300 basis points and by more than 100 basis points on a weather-normalized basis. Our 2011 regulated utility earnings guidance equates to a return on equity of 8% to 9% in line with the improved level we achieved in 2010 on a weather-normalized basis. Let me be clear that this return continues to be below our authorized level and what we consider to be appropriate. We believe our pending rate cases, our cost control efforts and ongoing work to improve our regulatory frameworks will allow us to further narrow the gap between our earned and allowed returns. Our Merchant Generation business continues to aggressively manage operating and capital costs so that this business remains well-positioned to weather current low power prices and benefit from an expected power price recovery. In 2010, our Merchant Generation business further lowered its cost structure to enhance its long-term competitiveness. At the same time, we’ve increased the resources we’re dedicating to marketing and delivering higher value energy projects to large retail customers in the Midwest region, where we compete. And at both our regulated and Merchant businesses we remain committed to operating in a safe, reliable and environmentally responsible manner. Now, I’ll turn the call over to Marty.
Marty Lyons: Thanks, Tom. Turning to page #7 of the presentation and the year 2010 column, today, we reported 2010 earnings in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles or GAAP of $0.58 per share compared to 2009 GAAP earnings of $2.78 per share. Excluding certain items in each year, Ameren reported 2010 core earnings of $2.75 per share, compared with 2009 core earnings of $2.79 per share. 2010 core earnings exclude three items that are included in GAAP earnings. The first of these is goodwill and other asset impairment charges associated with our Merchant Generation business. We recorded these charges in the third quarter. These non-cash charges reduced 2010 GAAP results by $522 million or $2.19 per share. The second item excluded is a $0.08 per share gain from the net effect of an unrealized mark-to-market activity. The third item excluded in arriving at 2010 core earnings is a charge for the deferred tax impact of new Federal Healthcare loss which decreased earnings by $0.06 per share. On page #8, we highlight key factors driving the variance between core earnings per share for 2010 and 2009. Factors favorably impacting this comparison included increased regulated electric and natural gas margins, excluding the impact of rate changes. These margins lifted earnings by $0.71 per share driven by the previously discussed increase in electricity sales. Warmer summer and to a lesser extent colder winter weather increased 2010 earnings by an estimated $0.40 per share compared to 2009 and by an estimated $0.24 per share compared to normal weather. New utility rates increased 2010 earnings by $0.36 per share net of certain related expenses compared to 2009 results. Reduced financing expenses, primarily reflecting increased capitalization of construction financing costs or AFEDC, improved 2010 earnings by $0.10 per share. Factors adversely impacting the comparison between 2010 and 2009 core earnings included a decline in 2010 margins at the Merchant Generation business of $0.79 per share compared to 2009. This reflected lower realized power prices and higher fuel and related transportation costs. Higher depreciation and amortization expenses reduced 2010 earnings by $0.09 per share, reflecting increased investment in our businesses. These investments included scrubbers placed in service in late 2009 and early 2010 at the Coffeen Merchant Generation plant. Higher non-fuel operations and maintenance expenses decreased 2010 earnings by $0.02 per share compared to 2009. Expenditures in 2010 reflected the cost of the Callaway refueling outage. There was no refueling outage in 2009. As Tom mentioned, these costs were mitigated by disciplined cost management across all our business segments. This included reduced non-fuel O&M spending at our Merchant Generation business. Last, an increased average number of common shares outstanding reduced 2010 earnings as compared to 2009 on a per share basis. This increase in shares primarily reflected our September 2009 stock offering. Turning to page #9, I’d now like to discuss the key drivers and assumptions behind our 2011 earnings guidance for our Missouri and Illinois regulated utility businesses of $2.05 to $2.30 per share. In 2011, we expect to achieve an earned return on equity of approximately 8% to 9% on regulated average utility common equity of about $6.2 billion. This guidance for our regulated utilities assumes a return to normal weather reducing EPS by an estimated $0.24, compared to 2010 results. Weather-normalized margins are expected to increase as a result of moderate growth in weather-normalized electricity sales volumes, new Missouri natural gas delivery rates effective in February and Missouri electric rates expected to be effective in early August. Regulated utility earnings guidance for 2011 incorporates increased non-fuel operations and maintenance costs as well as increased depreciation and amortization expenses. From a timing perspective, this year’s Callaway Nuclear Plant refueling and maintenance outage is scheduled for the fall compared to the spring refueling in 2010 and the 2011 cost is expected to be slightly less than the 2010 level. In 2011, financing costs are expected to increase because of lower equity related capitalized financing costs or AFUDC. This lower equity related AFUDC is expected to reduce earnings by $0.11 per share compared to 2010. Amongst other things, the post-construction accounting treatment authorized for the Sioux scrubbers in the 2010 Missouri electric rate order provides for Ameren Missouri to continue to capitalize for regulatory purposes, its full financing cost including equity related cost through the date when the new electric rates go into effect. However, accounting rules do not permit the recognition of current income for the equity portion of carrying costs being capitalized. That income will be recognized over the regulatory recovery period. Moving to page #10, let’s now shift to a discussion of the key drivers and assumptions behind our 2011 Merchant Generation business earnings guidance. We expect this business segment to post earnings of $0.15 to $0.30 per share this year. The largest driver of the expected earnings decline in 2011 compared to 2010 is a decrease in margins of $0.10 to $0.20 per share due to lower realized power prices and higher oil and fuel costs. We expect our merchant plants to generate approximately 29.5 million MWh in 2011 with approximately 26 million MWh of this sold or hedged at an average price of $46 per MWh. Our guidance assumes that all non-hedged expected generation is sold at current market prices. In 2011, we anticipate having base-load capacity available to generate up to 34 million MWh in the event power prices rise and support higher generation levels. Further we estimate that a $5 per MWh improvement in 2011 market power prices as compared to current prices would increase our 2011 generation output by approximately 2 million MWh and our 2011 Merchant Generation margin by approximately $30 million. Our all-in base-load fuel costs are about 90% hedged and we expect the all-in cost of such volume to be approximately $23.50 per megawatt hour. We project non-fuel operations and maintenance expenses will approximate $310 million in 2011. Depreciation expense at the Merchant Generation business is expected to be essentially flat while interest expense is expected to decline increasing earnings by approximately $0.06 per share. This lower projected interest expense primarily reflects the benefit of redeeming $200 million of Genco debt in late 2010. Regarding key Ameren wide assumptions our earnings guidance reflects an effective consolidated income tax rate of approximately 36.5% to 37% which incorporates the expected impact of higher Illinois state income taxes. The average number of common share outstanding in 2011 is expected to approximate $242 million up from approximately $239 million in 2010. Reflecting the use of new issue shares for our dividend reinvestment and 401(k) plans. As I close our discussion of 2011 earnings guidance. I’ll remind you that any net unrealized mark-to-market gains or losses will affect our GAAP earnings but are excluded from our GAAP and core earnings guidance because the company is unable to reasonably estimate the impact of any such gains or losses. Further, our earnings guidance for 2011 is subject to the risks and uncertainties outlined or referred to in the forward-looking statement section of today’s press release. Turning then to page #11 we provide both our actual 2010 and projected 2011 cash flow information. As Tom mentioned, we’re able to achieve free cash flow of $341 million in 2010. For 2011, we anticipate free cash flow of approximately $100 million. Cash from operations included the benefits of bonus depreciation, actual for 2010 and expected for 2011. For 2011, cash from operations includes a planned incremental contribution to Ameren Illinois post-retirement benefit plan of up to $100 million. The amount is expected to be confirmed in the course of Ameren Illinois rate case. Despite lower expected earnings and higher capital expenditures at our Merchant Generation business, we anticipate that free cash flow from this business will be positive in 2011. Our only long-term debt maturity in 2011 is a $150 million senior secured note at our Illinois regulated utility which we planned to redeem using available cash on its balance sheet. Our total available liquidity was a solid $1.7 billion at the end of January 2011. This includes cash on hand as well as available borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facilities. Moving now to an update on key pending regulatory matters, on page #12, we provide a summary of the pending Missouri electric rate case. As Tom mentioned, we’ve filed a request with the Missouri Public Service Commission for $263 million rate increase that incorporates a 10.9% return on equity, a 51% equity ratio and rate base of $6.8 billion. The vast majority of the rate increase request is driven by rate-based investments and higher net based fuel cost. By the time rates go into effect, we’ll put into service an excess of $1 billion of new investments to improve reliability and provide cleaner air for our customers. The filed rate base is approximately $850 million higher than the level used to set rates in the May 2010 order. Approximately, $73 million of the revenue request relates to increased net base fuel cost. On page #13, on February 8, other parties filed their initial recommendations in this case. The Missouri Public Service Commission staff recommended a $72 million annual revenue increase using the 8.75% midpoint of their recommended return on equity range and a 51% equity ratio. The most significant drivers of the difference between our request and the staff’s recommendation are, return on equity, which accounts for about $125 million of the difference at the staff’s midpoint; rate base adjustments, including $32 million proposed Sioux scrubber disallowance, which in total account for about $25 million of the revenue requirement difference; various operations and maintenance expense differences of about $25 million to $30 million; and net base fuel cost adjustments of $15 million to $20 million. Also, the staff recommended that the fuel adjustment clause be changed to pass-through to customers 85% of deviations between actual net fuel cost and the level of net fuel cost included in base rates. Currently, 95% of deviations are passed through. Other particulars of the staff’s recommendations are listed on page #13. Several other parties also filed recommendations in the case. The Missouri Industrial Energy Consumers recommended $147 million of downward adjustments to our requested revenue requirement. These downward adjustments included approximately $65 million related to a 9.75% midpoint return on equity, approximately $26 million related to income and property taxes and approximately $24 million related to lower net-based fuel costs and various amortizations. As is typical, MIEC did not directly address every element of our rate filing. The Missouri Energy Group, which represents certain other business customers, filed testimony supporting a 10.2% midpoint return on equity. Finally, the Office of Public Counsel has recommended disallowance of the approximately $90 million of Taum Sauk power plant investment, which we’ve included in our filed rate base. We are asking for a recovery of only the portion of Taum Sauk costs that are related to enhancements or that would have been incurred in the absence of the upper reservoir breach that occurred several years ago, consistent with our 2007 settlement agreement with the State of Missouri. We’ll soon update our filing for operating and financial data through the end of the true-up period, which is the 28th of this month. As a result, it is likely that many of the numbers put forward by parties to the case including those of Ameren Missouri will be adjusted. We expect that the updated numbers will be reflected in an April 20th public filing by the Public Service Commission staff and evidentiary hearings are scheduled to begin on April 26th. A Public Service Commission order is expected in July with new rates expected to be effective in early August. Turning then to page #14, on February 18th our Illinois utility filed a request with the Illinois Commerce Commission to increase electric and gas delivery rates by $111 million annually. The request incorporates returns on equity of 11.25% for electric service and 11% for gas service. Filed capitalization is 53% equity with aggregate rate base of approximately $3 billion. The request is based on a future test year ended December 31, 2012. Amongst other items, we’re asking for a pension expense rider that synchronize the amount of pension expenses recovered in rates to the actual of each year’s pension expenses. We are also requesting the authority to defer the impact of the increase in the Illinois corporate income tax rate which climbed from 7.3% to 9.5% on January 1, 2011 and to collect the resulting regulatory assets over a two-year period. Key drivers of the rate request are listed on this page. They include higher operating expenses, net of reductions at administrative and general and pension and benefits expenses. Other drivers are higher income and other taxes and the cost of capital reflecting proposed rates of return and an updated capital structure. In addition, we’re requesting revenues to reflect higher depreciation and amortization expenses. Expected low growth mitigates the requested rate increase. The Illinois Commerce Commission is required to issue a rate decision in 11 months and new rates are expected to be effective by mid-January 2012. We are certainly aware that higher utility rates are difficult to some of our customers to absorb, especially in the current economic environment. At both our Illinois and Missouri utilities, we’ve taken many proactive steps to help our customers manage their energy costs. These steps have included reductions in planned operating and capital spending. Our cost control efforts benefit utility customers by holding down the amount of rate increases we need to request. Other steps that help customers manage their energy costs include our active energy efficiency programs in both Illinois and Missouri. On page #15, we detail Ameren’s updated five-year capital expenditure outlook. Over the 2011 through 2015 period, cumulative capital spending is projected to range between $6.4 billion and $8.2 billion with an annual target range of between $1.3 billion and $1.7 billion. I’d characterize the environmental expenditures embedded in this outlook as those required to meet current environmental rules and regulations as well as our assessment of the likely impact of the proposed Clean Air Transport Rule and coal combustion byproduct rules. As Tom discussed, this five-year budget includes the estimated cost of installing scrubbers at each of the two units of our Merchant Generation Newton plant and at two units of a Missouri regulated plant. On this page we also provide a percentage breakdown of our five-year infrastructure investment budget for our regulated businesses by jurisdiction and type, be it FERC-regulated transmission, Missouri regulated environmental controls, or Illinois Regulated. Moving now to page #16, we outline our expected capital expenditures for our Merchant Generation business for each of the next five years, showing the breakdown between expenditures for maintenance and for environmental compliance. The amounts on this graph reflect the previously mentioned acceleration of the in-service states for scrubbers at the Newton plant and the previously mentioned equipment upgrade. These Merchant Generation numbers are included in the total Ameren-wide capital expenditures that I discussed a few minutes ago. Of course, we’ll continue to review and adjust our Merchant Generation spending plan in light of evolving outlooks for power prices, delivered fuel cost, environmental standards and compliance technology among other factors. Moving now to page #17, we provide an update on our 2011 and 2012 forward power sales and hedges and introduce our 2013 hedge data. As you can see we’ve significant hedges in place at power prices above current market levels. We already discussed our 2011 power hedges. For 2012, we’ve hedged approximately 15 million MWh at an average price of $50 per MWh. Further for 2013, we’ve hedged approximately 7.5 million MWh at an average price of $42 per MWh. I’d note that about 55% of the MWh hedged in 2013 are associated with long term contracts and the remainder of our financial contracts. None of the financial contracts hedged in 2012 and 2013 expected sales are Sinhub [ph] contracts and the pricing reflected has already been basis adjusted as necessary to Illinois generation node pricing, based on two years historical average basis differentials. Our capacity sales are approximately 75% hedged for 2011 appropriately 44% hedged for 2012 and approximately 22% hedged in 2013. To assist you in understanding our Merchant Generation business segments margin drivers we’ve provided a pie chart that breaks down our 2011 expected revenue by type. Turning to our final page, no. 18, we update our Merchant Generation segment’s fuel and related transportation hedges. We previously discussed our 2011 fuel hedges. For 2011, we’ve hedged approximately 16 million MWh at about $25 per MWh. For 2013, we’ve hedged approximately 4 million MWh at about $28.50 per MWh. These 2013 co-hedges include a large proportion of our expected burn of Illinois basin coal and a much smaller proportion of our expected burn of Powder River basin coal. To provide perspective, our typical burn is 3% Illinois and 97% Powder River basin coal. The embedded cost of coal in this 2013 hedge price is approximately $24 per ton which is approximately $7.50 per ton higher than current 2013 broker quotes for PRB coal. Similar to our previous slide, dealing with Merchant Generation revenues we’ve included a pie chart that breaks down forecasted 2011 all-in fuel cost to provide a perspective on how each component contributes to our overall cost. This completes our prepared remarks. We’ll now be happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Our first question comes from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: $522 million write-down at Merchant, but depreciation is flat, what’s driving that? Is it really just all goodwill?
Tom Voss: Yes, Paul. If you recall, there was goodwill, there was also some plant impairment, but largest part was goodwill, which, of course, for accounting purpose isn’t amortized or depreciated. The power plant write-off piece was much smaller, but what we also did is took a look at the lives of the power plants within the fleet. So while our write-off of some power plant expense we typically decreased depreciation, we’ve also taken a look at the lives of our other units and net, it came out to no net positive or negative impact from depreciation expenses.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: What drove the acceleration of Merchant CapEx? Is there something fundamental in the market, or are you trying to take advantage of bonus depreciation?
Tom Voss: Well, bonus depreciation is part of it. I mean that certainly helps in terms of the returns on those projects. But, as we mentioned in the call, when you look at the CapEx for Merchant, the biggest driver you see there is moving out the in-service date of the Newton scrubbers. Previously, we had forecast that at 2014 and 2015, we’ve moved that up to late 2013, early 2014. And as we said on the call, primarily because of the expected impact that the Clean Air Transport Rules will have on our fleet, so we believe it’s prudent to move that investment up and that’s the big driver of the cash flows. But you’re right; there is also then the benefit that we’ll get from bonus depreciation.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: How much is bonus depreciation and how much is regulated?
Tom Voss: The bonus depreciation for 2010 that came out in that law companywide expected to help cash in 2011 by about $100 million to $150 million.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: How much for ‘12?
Tom Voss: Yes. I don’t have the ‘12 numbers at this point.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: The breakdown between Merchant and Regulated?
Tom Voss: The $100 million and $150 million, I don’t have the breakdown overall on the $100 million, $150 million between the segments.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Reza Hatefi from Decade Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital: Thank you. Just wanted a couple of clarifications on your hedging, fuel per MWh in 2011 and ‘12 went down versus your third-quarter slide by about $1 to $1.50 per MWh, what drove that?
Tom Voss: Yes, it’s a good point. In both cases, we pointed out for some time that the hedges we’ve in place for coal were at prices that we believe were above current market prices for coal. So as we’ve layered in additional hedges for both 2011 and 2012, we’ve brought down the average cost per MWh of the blended generation. In ‘11, however, in addition to the benefit of those lower cost hedges we put in place, we’re also benefiting as we look to these numbers and refine them, lower emission allowance cost as well as lower expected taxes that we pay on our delivered fuel cost. So in 2011, we’re getting the benefit of, I’d say all three of those factors. In 2012, it was largely driven by the lower cost coal we put in place.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital: And then your 2013 hedges, $42, are they around the clock, or are they weighted more towards peak as of now? How should we think about that?
Tom Voss: I think as you look at those hedges, the 2012 hedges look very much like an around the clock kind of product, the ATC typically about 47% to 48% on peak. The 2013 hedge profile is a little more weighted to our base load generation mix, which tends to be about 52% on peak.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital: And just finally, could you comment on, I guess, strategically your thoughts on the Merchant segment and with the forward curve being as weak as it is any thoughts there in terms of this segment continuing to be part of Ameren?
Tom Voss: This is Tom Voss. We think that it’s one of our core businesses that what we know how to do, we know how to generate electricity at the power plants. We think we do it very well. We think those merchant plants are well-positioned. They’ve got recent environmental upgrades; they’ve very good heat rates. They dispatch well on the MISO stack. So we think generally they are positioned well for a recovery of power prices in the future.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital: Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question comes from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please proceed with your question.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Good morning, guys.
Marty Lyons: Good morning.
Tom Voss: Good morning.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: On the 8-K that you guys filed late Friday, it wasn’t clear to me what the actual case is about with those four customers. If you look at the 10-Q or at least when I looked at it, it just says that they are appealing certain aspects of it. I guess what I’m trying to get a sense of here is what is that the merits of the case I guess OPC apparently feels as well, got some issue there. Can we get any sense as to what the impact of that would be versus just the stay which seems to be sort of a more generalized or perhaps a bigger impact? Do you follow me?
Warner Baxter: Hi, Paul, this is Warner Baxter. Let me try and address your questions, because I think they’re probably two of them in there. Number one, as you saw in the 8-K filing, basically, the Office of Public Counsel and some of our industrial customers are arguing that a stay of our rate increase which was granted to four of our industrial customers in the December 2010 Circuit Court order should essentially be applied to all customers, and that is essentially what they have asked the Commission to address. They have not addressed the commission to address the essential merits of those two rate orders, which are on appeal before the various courts. Those orders probably had anywhere from 8 to 10 issues which are still pending. And so in the bigger picture of things when you look at those issues which are being appealed, they are obviously at much smaller subset, compared to the overall rate increase, and as I have stated on the call, we do not believe that any of those issues on the merits are a probable loss at this time, and we’ll continue to address those appropriately in the courts. And, of course, as Tom said in the call, we strongly disagree with the positions taken by both the Office of Public Counsel and the industrial customers in their interpretation of that circuit order, as well as the overall stay order that was issued in December of 2010 and you can plan on us to vigorously defend our position before the Public Service Commission and the courts as appropriate and you can expect our complete response to those matters, no later than February 25.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. And then just we’ve seen some companies move from MISO to PJM partly I think because of capacity pricing differential. I was wondering if you guys were thinking about anything like that or how you are looking at the capacity markets going forward in your area versus what you might be seeing otherwise if you were in PJM.
Tom Voss: This is Tom Voss. We’ve been working with MISO to develop a better capacity market, so it’s looks more like PJM’s market, capacity market and we expect MISO to file sometime later this year a plan to the FERC that would show a better capacity market than what currently exist. So our plans right now are to work with MISO on improving it.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: How soon should we think about the changes that MISO might propose actually flowing through to the bottom-line of generators in MISO?
Tom Voss: We think right now that if everything goes right and everything keeps moving it should be in the 2012 year.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. Thanks a lot.
Operator: Our next question comes from Erica Piserchia with Wunderlich Securities. Please proceed with your question.
Erica Piserchia - Wunderlich Securities: Hi, how are you? Just have a couple of questions. I am wondering first if on the Merchant, if you can talk a little bit shaping, I know historically you’ve gotten shape on I think anywhere from 20% to 40% of your MWh sales product and it looks like you locked in some shape on 2012, 2013, relative to what the ATC prices in that market. I am just wondering if you can talk about what percentage of your sales are currently getting shape and how we should think about that kind of going forward?
Marty Lyons: Well, I think, Erica, as we look out over time, we frankly try to sell as much as we can with the shaped product and we haven’t really given a break-down for year, which you are right, I mean our sales strategy is to go after the higher margin customer segments in the areas, where we’ve generation, as those opportunities present themselves (inaudible) to lock in the higher margins that you can see in those list of power prices.
Erica Piserchia - Wunderlich Securities: Okay. And then I guess just you talked about potentially being able to ramp-up your Generation output. I believe you mentioned you could potentially ramp-up to as high as 34 million MWh. Just looking back over the last couple years, you kept the output obviously flat. When you talk about potential market recovery, what levels would you need to see in the market to get you more incentive towards doing that, we’re talking about going back to pricing that was in existence a couple of years ago, or clearly probably a little bit longer term, what are your thoughts on that?
Marty Lyons: Well, what we tried to provide in the script was a little bit of a metric in terms of, if we saw a $5 (inaudible) in power prices based on our open and available Generation for 2011 that that could produce up to $30 million of additional margins. We provide that metric to give you a sense of, given the available capacity that we’ve, if power prices were to move what kind of incremental generation we would have and what those margins are. Any given year the amount of generation that we’ve got available obviously is dictated by the outage schedule we’ve for that year, but we think that metric maybe helpful to you as you look at, where our incremental generation is in terms of cost, and if they were to be dispatched at those higher prices, what kind of margins we could get.
Erica Piserchia - Wunderlich Securities: Sure. So like a sensitivity. Last question just on your 2011 guidance for the Regulated end of the business. Does the low-end of the range encompass sort of on the Missouri side of the staff’s recommendation and on the Illinois side, sort the existing state of, well, I guess it would because your new rates there wouldn’t take effect till 2012, but on the Missouri side is the staff end of the recommendation included in that low end or how do we think about that?
Tom Voss: Well, I wouldn’t really tie it to that necessarily as much as just to say that we think it’s a reasonable range given a variety of things, estimates and expectations that we make and it’s certainly regulatory outcomes is one of those, but sales growth, operating spending levels, storms and plant outages and the like. Certainly, our goal remains to improve our earned returns over time. We made good progress in 2010. We plan to make incremental progress in 2011 and continue to align spending with regulatory outcomes that we receive. So we wouldn’t tie the ranges to anybody’s recommendations in our case particular, but again a range that incorporates those elements of our estimates that I laid out.
Erica Piserchia - Wunderlich Securities: Okay, thank you.
Operator: (Operator instructions) Our next question will come from Ashar Khan with Visium. Please proceed with your question.
Ashar Khan - Visium: Good morning. Marty, can I just ask you, when were the 2013 hedges put in place? Because that was a new data. Were they put in place during the last three months or six months? Could you give us some timing of those hedges?
Marty Lyons: Ashar, we’ve been working on hedges for some time. So some of those were put on in 2010 timeframe, others were put on some periods prior, but we’ve been working at those over time. We’re never kind of sitting on our hands. We’re always looking at sales opportunities as they present themselves. We’ve talked about our strategy of going after retail customers and you have to act on those when they are available in the market and they arise from time-to-time, and we execute on those.
Ashar Khan - Visium: If I can remember the contract with the Illinois rate that ends in 2012, am I right?
Marty Lyons: Yes, that’s right.
Ashar Khan - Visium: Okay, thank you very much.
Marty Lyons: Welcome.
Operator: Our next question comes from Julien Dumoulin-Smith with UBS. Please proceed with your question.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Good morning. Thank you. So just wanted to first touch on the Illinois side of the house and ask about the ComEd legislative proposal. Just on your side, are you guys supportive of it and any kind of expectations out of the process this year, more confidence in certain aspects relative to others?
Scott Cisel: This is Scott Cisel. I’ll respond to your question. Concerning the rate formula bill, we certainly are very supportive of the bill as it’s been presented. As you know, it would enable utilities to continue to make prudent and reasonable investments into the system and then be allowed to realize a reasonable return on the investment. The amendment is the rate formula bill will be introduced this afternoon in a committee hearing and then from that point on, it will begin the process of discussions and eventually consideration. It’s very early in the session to give any sort of prediction but we and other will participate and we’ll strive to see if we can end up with a workable compromise and do so yet this spring legislative session.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Then secondly on the Regulated side of the house with regards to the stay order, perhaps could you discuss some of the levers that you might be able to pull to resolve the pending litigation, be it at an Appeals Court, at the Commission, I mean perhaps just walk through some of the way to from here if you will?
Warner Baxter: This is Warner Baxter. I’ll respond. I think as we’ve stated we’re going to be filing our position by the end of this week with the Missouri Public Service Commission on the Office of Public Counsel on the industrial consumers’ pleadings. Really beyond that I’m really not in a position to address really any other specific questions or positions or strategies, we’re going to take for this pending litigation matter.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Then finally, just quick last question, more detail-oriented. On the O&M side from Merchant Gen I know that’s a little bit of rise year-on-year. Could you walk through that very quickly if you don’t mind?
Marty Lyons: I think that as you look at the Merchant Generation business at 03/10 slightly up from where we’re at last year and some of the things in there are nuts and bolts items like increases and benefits expenses year-over-year, increases in wages for employees. I think there is just some of those nuts and bolts items in there. We also do have, however, an outage at one of our power plants and plan for this year where we’re looking to do both the maintenance and capital work and that too is impacting the figures.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith - UBS: Thanks, again.
Operator: Our next question comes from Robert Howell with Prospectus Partners. Please proceed with your question.
Robert Howell - Prospectus Partners: Good morning. Wanted to just ask about the Merchant Generation CapEx outlook slide, 2015 is really a pretty dramatic drop. I guess the figures, at least the environmental part would be that those projects get done, but also the maintenance CapEx seems to be going down dramatically as well, and just sort of wondering what was happening there with maybe some maintenance CapEx getting pushed into some forward years or what’s happening?
Marty Lyons: A good question. I think that’s right. I mean I’d note that this in 2010 the point of reference, we actually were able to limit the capital expenditures for that segment to $89 million, so certainly being able to keep maintenance in other as well pretty low is something that we think is doable. So when you look at 2015 levels, not too in line with what we’re seeing in 2010, but our thought is actually given some of the maintenance that’s already been done in the years leading up to the present as well as the maintenance in other items that we got planned for ‘11 through ‘14 that we’ll have done requisite maintenance on our big base-load facilities. We feel like when we get out to 2015 the necessary efforts and expenditures will be behind us. So as we said on the call, certainly as we move through time we’ll look at the power price environment, we’ll pay close attention to our cash flows, some of the expenditures in ‘13 and ‘14 could conceivably move out to ‘15, but right now I think this is a good snapshot of where we stand today.
Robert Howell - Prospectus Partners: And so are those low levels for ‘15 something that could kind of continue out for the next couple years, it sounds like the ‘15 number from a maintenance CapEx perspective is may be a tiny, but lower than the long on average because you pushed it forward, but will you be able to kind of keep it low like that for a couple years before it gradually ramps up or?
Marty Lyons: I can’t comment on ‘16 to ‘17, I think you’re right over a long-term you’re going to need to do perform certain maintenance CapEx on your plants. Again as far as looking out to ‘15, this is what we see.
Robert Howell - Prospectus Partners: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from David Katz with Bank of America. Please proceed with your question.
David Katz - Bank of America: Good morning. Thank you. I just had a question on your average utility book equity in 2010. You guys were saying last year it would be about $6 billion. Where did it end up at?
Tom Voss: I don’t know, I’d think it probably ended up somewhere close to that, David, I don’t have the exact number.
David Katz - Bank of America: Okay. So then as we look at the $6.2 billion for 2011 average equity, how much of that or what percentage of that is Missouri and what percentage of that is Illinois?
Tom Voss: I don’t have that break down either. I mean it’s obviously roll-forward of increased earnings and months to regulated businesses less the dividends it’s pretty simple math. I know you know but I don’t have the breakdown between the regulatory jurisdiction.
David Katz - Bank of America: Just quickly on the O&M growth. I know you say there’s a Callaway refueling outage later this year and that expected impact should be slightly less than what it was last year. You have to increase nonfuel O&M as one of the drivers. What kind of growth in nonfuel O&M should we be looking at?
Marty Lyons: Well, I think as we look into 2011, we already talked about Merchant, the O&M going up a little bit there. Then we commented on regulated overall. Certainly as you think about that, we said last year if we’re successful in re-hearing under the Illinois rates that we would restore some of the spending in Illinois that had been reduced and we’re following through on that, so we’ve got some incremental O&M spending in Illinois. Then we do have some incremental spending in Missouri as well scheduled for our Energy Delivery business to continue to improve reliability there, as well as in our power plants. But I don’t have the exact percentage in front of me, but we’ll continue to look for opportunities to synchronize the spending with the regulatory outcomes that we get.
David Katz - Bank of America: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please proceed with your question.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Hey, guys. Question for you just on the coal hedging at the Merchant Generation, I’m not positive I understood some of the comments about Illinois basin in PRB. Does this imply you’re starting to, in the forward market, to buy a bit more Illinois basin so you benefit from better heat content? Or are you keeping the split similar between PRB and IB?
Tom Voss: I wouldn’t say the comment was about our strategy going forward in terms of fuel burn. We’ll certainly buy what we believe the most economical to burn. But what we’re really trying to point out there is that the embedded cost of our coal hedges for 2013 are well above current PRB broker quotes. So what I was really trying to convey there is similar to what we’ve seen in ‘11 and ‘12. As we bought additional fuel, the average hedge price has come down. What I was trying to convey there is we’ve the same expectation with respect to 2013. When we lay in additional hedges, if we’re to lay today we would bring down that average price per MWh.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Are you still expecting you’ve talked in the past that the rail transportation piece, or however you use transportation, will be roughly two-thirds of the total all-in cost of fuel?
Tom Voss: We break that out. If you see on that slide 18, you actually see that for 2011 the transportation about 52% with fuel surcharges, it gets you to about 58%, so that’s our expectation for ‘11. We’ve also commented over time that we do believe that while you look out you see some of the rail contracts or rail hedges rolling off. We do believe that the contracts we’ve in place today are at about market rates, so we’re not really expecting any major deviation as we lock in new rail contracts.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Got it, okay, thank you guys. Much appreciate it. I’ll follow up with Doug offline.
Operator: Our next question comes from Dan Jenkins with State of Wisconsin Investment Board. Please proceed with your question.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Hi, good morning.
Marty Lyons: Good morning.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: I just wanted to clarify. I think you said when you were talking about cash flows; did you say you’re planning to pay off that Ameren Illinois maturity of $150 million in June that you’re going to refinance?
Marty Lyons: You’re correct, our plan is to pay that off, redeem that.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Then while you continue to issue new shares like the DRIP program and those programs and they’re still how much would you expect that to be?
Marty Lyons: We do expect to do that, to continue that through this year that’s embedded in our guidance and I guess that’s in the range of $90 million or so.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Will there be any other financing then given that you expect a positive free cash flow?
Marty Lyons: At this time, we don’t have any other plans.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Charles Stunnet [ph] with Stunnet Research [ph]. Please proceed with your question.
Charles Stunnet: Good morning. I’m disturbed by the trend in CapEx. You spent $1.031 billion in 2010, you show here $1.250 billion for 2011 and the midpoint of your range from 2012 to 2015 is $1.5 billion. Why are you increasing your CapEx while the price to book is below one? And how do you expect to get favorable rate decisions if you continue to invest shareholder capital when markets tell you not to do so?
Stunnet Research: Good morning. I’m disturbed by the trend in CapEx. You spent $1.031 billion in 2010, you show here $1.250 billion for 2011 and the midpoint of your range from 2012 to 2015 is $1.5 billion. Why are you increasing your CapEx while the price to book is below one? And how do you expect to get favorable rate decisions if you continue to invest shareholder capital when markets tell you not to do so?
Marty Lyons: I think Charles, as we look out; certainly, we’ve been cognizant about managing our capital expenditures. If you look back, we brought those down considerably over the past couple of years. As you look out at our capital expenditures say for the Regulated businesses, and if you were listening when we talked about, we talked about having two additional scrubbers in place in the Missouri Regulated business over that five-year period. And if you look at our capital expenditures out over that five-year period versus prior disclosures we’ve given, they are about flat to down a little bit versus what we’ve previously shown. So we’re certainly managing our capital and we’ll continue to manage our capital investments in light of the regulatory outcomes that we received. So that said, what we’re looking to do is improve the regulatory returns in both our primary Illinois and Missouri Regulated businesses as well as deploy capital into transmission which is something you see as well in our five-year forecast. Our strategy for doing that as we talked about in Illinois using the forecast in forward test year in the current case to improve the returns and improve our ability to earn fair returns on the capital that we’re deploying and we certainly got an active rate case in Missouri right now where we’re working to achieve a constructive outcome and a constructive framework that will provide for going forward good returns on the investments we make in Missouri.
Charles Stunnet: Okay, thank you.
Stunnet Research: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Sarah Eccles with Wells Fargo Advisors. Please proceed with your question.
Sarah Eccles - Wells Fargo Advisors: Hey, good morning.
Marty Lyons: Good morning.
Sarah Eccles - Wells Fargo Advisors: I’m curious as to whether you’re having conversations with the MISO about the potential for reliability must run contracts and whether that’s something you expect to be addressed in a capacity filing with the FERC and also just any comments or insights you could provide on your expectation as to what the MISO capacity proposal might look like?
Marty Lyons: We’ve talked with MISO actually fairly recently and they are in the process of studying as far what’s going to be required. Right now, the MISO footprint to say in an evolution of fluxes and understatement with FirstEnergy and part of Duke system leaving MISO, but I know they’re looking at that, but that’s all I can say on topic specifically. Just to add, they are working on the themes issue between MISO and PJM and the portability, if you will, to transfer energy across that theme for all market participants.
Sarah Eccles - Wells Fargo Advisors: Great, thank you.
Operator: Our next question comes from Steven Gambuzza with Longbow Capital. Please proceed with your question.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Good morning.
Marty Lyons: Good morning.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: The CapEx guidance that you provided is very specific for Genco, is it rather wide range for the rest of the company between 2015? I guess I was surprised to see point estimates for Genco but then there is wide range and I was wondering if you could comment on the potential for the scope of the program either at Genco or Union Electric to be changed to include additional controls and whether pending EPA rules on hazardous gases and mercury might significantly impact either the regulated or the unregulated forecast?
Marty Lyons: Sure, I think that’s as Tom mentioned in his prepared remarks, we as well as everybody else in the industry I think is anticipating to see some proposed rules coming out of EPA middle March. And we’ll see what those require. And as Tom mentioned we put together a team of people that have been working diligently over the past year and well into the coming year to take a look at what comes out of the EPA and make the best decisions about what kinds of additional investments will or won’t be made in the plants we’ve and try to make the most efficient economical investment decisions that we can for the best interest of the shareholders and the customers. So could that require additional CapEx? Certainly so. But we’re really going to make those decisions on the plant by plant basis across our fleet.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: In your prepared remarks, I heard you mentioned the coal combustion byproduct rule and the Clean Air Transport Rule as the two, I guess regulatory issues that your CapEx forecast was taking into account. I didn’t hear you mention the mercury or the hazardous gas rules, but we should assume that your expectation regarding those regulations are embedded in your forecast?
Marty Lyons: Just to be clear, I mean, historically, when we’ve provided our CapEx, we talked about it being consistent with current laws and regulations and so what we’ve done here is, we’ve seen proposed rules that have been out for the Clean Air Transport Rule, as well as the coal combustion byproducts and so based on our assessment of the likely outcome on those rules, we’ve updated our CapEx for both Missouri as well as for the Merchant business to reflect our expected outcome under those rules and then we’ll see what comes of the Federal EPA. I’d remind you, Steve, that in our Merchant part of our business we’re complying with also Illinois Multi-Pollutant Standard which already had requirements for certain of those elements that the Federal EPA looks to regulate, so we’ll see how those compare those proposed rules come out and evolve.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. And then finally, can you comment on which two units in Missouri you do intend to scrub?
Tom Voss: That’s something that is going to be assessed. We’re certainly beginning some additional design work, but that would be applicable to whatever units we decided to go forward.
Steven Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay, thank you.
Doug Fischer: This is Doug Fischer. We have time for just one or two more questions here.
Operator: Our next question comes from Daniele Seitz with Dudack Research. Please proceed with your question.
Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research: Thank you. I was going to ask exactly the same questions and so at this point your CapEx really built on your estimates of what the EPA rules are going to come out whether it’s not just on the Illinois Multi-Pollutant Standard, is that correct?
Marty Lyons: Yes and no, Daniele. I think, again what we’re saying was that it does incorporate an assessment of requirements that the Clean Air Transport Rule will impose, as well as rule for coal combustion byproducts, but nothing further than that from a Federal EPA standpoint.
Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research: Okay. On your side, are you trying to convince your regulators that actually in order not to file so many rate cases. It would be easier if you were operating under riders at this time, or are they reluctant to allow this kind of rules?
Marty Lyons: I think Daniele; certainly we’ve been successful at getting some riders over the past few years. Those can have the added benefit of being able to go for a more extended time periods between rate cases and be able to recover your cost on a timely basis, so that is something that we’ve pursued and will continue to pursue in the future.
Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research: Obviously, the comment legislative proposal would put the step forward toward a more timely type of regulatory environment. Will that replace whatever ambitions you have regarding riders?
Marty Lyons: I think as it relates to Illinois, the rate case that we filed on Friday incorporated a forward-looking test year. It also incorporated a request for a rider for pension expenses going forward, so we’ve made those filings. I think that the legislative proposal that has been discussed, that Scott earlier said, we’re supportive of, if that was put in place, I think likely would supersede those other kinds of efforts.
Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research: And on the side of the Missouri, do you see any new effort or progress in that area?
Marty Lyons: Could you repeat that? I know it was Missouri, but I couldn’t tell what the –
Daniele Seitz - Dudack Research: Do you see any in-roads that you may make regarding additional riders?
Warner Baxter: Daniele, This is Warner Baxter. I’d comment on that in a couple of ways. Number one, we certainly made good progress in our last rate case in maintaining some of the rider mechanisms, as well as getting the construction accounting that we got for the Sioux scrubber project. And even in this case, this current rate case, we’re seeking to enhance some of the recovery mechanisms that we’ve for some of our construction projects, as well as for energy efficiency. Beyond that we continue to look at some of the regulatory rule makings, we continue to look at potential legislative efforts, aligning our spend, we’re looking at a host of things to continue to mitigate the regulatory lag and improve our returns, so that is an effort that is ongoing, and we recognize the importance of that, not just to our shareholders, but also to our customers, because they gave us the necessary cash flows to invest in our infrastructure to deliver good reliability and Clean Air Energy Reform.
Doug Fischer: I think at that point we’re going to have to end here. We’ve gone a little bit longer than normal, but we thank you for your participation in this call. Let me remind you again that this call is available through March 1st on playback, and for one year on our Web site. Today’s press release contains instructions for listening to that playback. You may also call the contacts listed on the release. Financial analyst inquiries should be directed to me, Doug Fischer. Media should call Susan Gallagher. Our contact numbers are on the news release. Again, thank you for your interest in Ameren.
Operator: This concludes today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q4  (2010-02-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas Fischer – Director, IR Tom Voss – President and CEO Martin Lyons – SVP and CFO Charles Naslund – Chairman, President and CEO, Ameren Energy Resources; Chairman and President, AmerenEnergy Generating Company Warner Baxter – President and CEO, AmerenUE
Analysts: Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates Reza Hatefi – Decade Capital Management Carl Seligson – Utility Financial Experts Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board Billy Hagstrom – Catapult Capital Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs Steve Gambuzza – Longbow Capital
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Ameren Corporation’s fourth quarter and year-end call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator instructions). As a reminder this conference is being recorded. It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Mr. Douglas Fischer, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you Mr. Fischer, you may begin.
Douglas Fischer: Thank you, and good morning. I'm Doug Fischer, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today are our President and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Voss; and our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Marty Lyons, as well as other members of the Ameren management team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call will be available by telephone for one week to anyone who wishes to hear it by dialing a callback number. The announcement you received in our news release contain instructions on replaying the call by telephone. This call is also being broadcast live on the Internet and the webcast will be available for one year on our website www.ameren.com. This call contains time sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast. Redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist in our call this morning, we have posted presentation slides on our website that we will refer to during this call. To access this presentation, please look in the investors' section of our website under webcast and presentations and follow the appropriate link. Turning to slide two of our presentation, I need to let you know that comments made in this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. For additional information concerning these factors, we ask you to read the forward-looking statements section in the news release we issued today and the forward-looking statements and risk factors sections in our periodic filings with the SEC. Tom will begin this call with an overview of 2009 earnings and 2010 earnings guidance followed by a business and regulatory update. Marty will follow with a more detailed discussion of our 2009 financial results, our 2010 earnings guidance and a financial update. We will then open the call up for questions. Here is Tom.
Tom Voss: Thanks, Doug. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Moving to slide three of the presentation posted on our website, I'm pleased to report that 2009 non-GAAP or core earnings were $2.79 per share in line with our expectation. Key drivers favorably affecting 2009 core earnings per share compared to 2008 results included new utility service rates in Illinois and Missouri, and lower operations and maintenance expenses. These lower expenses were due in part to the absence in 2009 of the refueling outage at the Callaway nuclear plant, and proactive cost-cutting efforts across all of our businesses. These positive factors were more than offset by lower electricity and natural gas sales in our regulated utility businesses as a result of weak economic conditions in the Noranda outage and milder 2009 weather. Merchant Generation margins were also hurt by higher fuel costs and less generation being in the money. Higher depreciation and interest expense and an increased average number of common shares outstanding further affected comparative results. Turning to slide four today, we also announced 2010 GAAP and core earnings guidance of $2.20 to $2.60 per share. The expected decline in 2010 earnings from 2009 primarily reflects the lower projected Merchant Generation segment margins and earnings. While earnings of our regulated utilities are expected to improve, regulatory ladies and gentlemen is anticipated to result in earnings lower than those authorized by state commissions. Marty will provide further details on our 2009 earnings and 2010 guidance in his remarks. But before I turn the call over to him, I would like to provide a business and regulatory update. Looking now at slide five, electricity sale at our regulated utilities it is clear that the economy drove our sales down in 2009. While 2009 was indeed a difficult year, there are signs that the weak economy has hit bottom in our regions. In a positive sales development, the Noranda Aluminum smelter plant has continued to add to its load as the plant now starts returning to full capacity. You may recall that Noranda’s New Madrid, Missouri, smelter plant, AmerenUE’s largest customer sustained damage because of a power interruption on non-Ameren owned power lines during a severe ice storm in January 2009. As a result, the smelter’s load was sharply reduced, but has been rising steadily as repairs have been made to their production lines with full production expected to be reached early in the second quarter of this year. In Illinois, our industrial sales are expected to benefit significantly from the expansion of an oil refinery and the resumption of higher levels of operations at several other facilities. While increased industrial sales in Illinois will not significantly contribute to margins, the health of local businesses is certainly a key to the prosperity of all of our customers. Moving on to the regulatory front, we have rate cases pending in both our Illinois and Missouri jurisdictions. We are seeking revenue levels that reflect the significant investments we have made electric and gas utility infrastructure to improve reliability. We are also seeking recovery of higher financing costs, and in Missouri rising net fuel costs. As detailed on slide six, our Ameren Illinois utilities are currently requesting $130 million annual increase in base electric and natural gas delivery rates. This amount is less than our original request of $226 million due in part to the removal of revenues related to reliability audit expenditures. We are now seeking recovery of these costs in a separate rider. The lower rate request also reflects updates to our requested rates of return on equity and other items. The staff of the Illinois Commerce Commission or ICC is currently supporting a $46 million annual revenue increase. The staff’s lower revenue amount reflects their lower recommended return on equity of approximately 10.1% compared to our request of approximately 11.5%, and use of a lower pension and benefits expense level among other things. ICC Administrative Law Judges are scheduled to issue their proposed rate order in this case by February 25 with the ICC expected to issue an order in late April. New rates should be effective by early May 2010. Turning to slide seven, at AmerenUE we filed a request with the Missouri Public Service Commission in July of 2009 for an annual electric service rate increase of $402 million. More than half of the request was for anticipated higher net fuel costs. These increased net fuel costs would have been eligible for recovery through the fuel adjustment cost absence this filing. On December 18, the staff of the Missouri Public Service Commission filed its direct testimony in the rate case recommending an annual electric service rate increase of $218 million to $251 million with approximately $214 million of this related to higher net fuel costs. The staff's lower revenue amount reflects their recommended return on equity range of 9% to 9.7%, which was lower than our initial request of 11.5%. Staff’s revenue amount also incorporated lower depreciation, lower plant maintenance and financing costs levels as well as other adjustments. The staff testimony reflects continuation of the current fuel adjustment clause and the pension and OPEB trackers, and a modified environmental cost recovery mechanism. Other parties filed testimony in December including a group of large industrial customers and the Office of Public Counsel. The Office of Public Counsel recommended a return on equity of 10.2%. The large industrial customers recommended a rate increase of $139 million, which included $181 million increase related to net fuel costs. Their lower revenue requirement reflects their lower recommended return on equity of 10%, the use of significantly lower depreciation rates and plant maintenance expenses, as well as lowered financing costs and consumption levels among other things. It should be noted that the large industrial customers’ testimony reflects continuation of the current fuel adjustment clause, as well as the modified approach for the accounting and recovery of the environmental cost. Last Thursday, AmerenUE filed its rebuttal testimony in this case, which included among other things a modification of its originally requested ROE down to 10.8%. We anticipate that certain major changes to revenues, expenses, rate case and capital structure will be trued up through January 31, 2010 in an early March update. A PSC order is expected by late May with new rates effective in late June 2010. We are very aware that the prospect of higher utility rates is difficult for our customers in Illinois and Missouri, especially in this economic environment. We have taken many proactive steps across our company to control our cost in order to moderate the need for higher rates. These steps include reductions in planned operating and capital expenditures, headcount reductions, and the freezing of management salaries. As always, there are several issues which need to be carefully considered in these rate cases, some of which are rather complicated. We believe we have filed well supported rate cases in both Illinois and Missouri, and expect to be treated fairly by the respective commissions. Parties in both states have filed very aggressive positions in a number of areas, including return on equity, depreciation and certain operating expenses. These aggressive recommendations are not consistent with sound long-term energy policy, and would result in our need to reduce our level of investment in energy infrastructure and operations. For several years, our regulated utility businesses have been earning returns on investments that are well below our authorized levels, in part due to regulatory lag. We are committed to improving earnings to levels that represent fair returns on our regulated investments. We strongly believe that consistent, constructive regulatory outcomes will allow us to achieve this objective, as well as to continue to invest in our energy infrastructure on a timely basis in order to maintain reliability consistent with our customers’ expectations. I would like to shift from a discussion of our regulated utilities to an update on our Merchant Generation business. Currently power prices are lower, a condition very much linked to weak economic conditions. Weak economic conditions have reduced the demand for power and other energy commodities. We believe that when the economy recovers and we expect it to recover these prices will rise. In the meantime, we continue to look for every opportunity to prudently reduce our operating and capital spending in this business, as well as protect and enhance margins. We’ve a consistent practice of hedging both our power sales and our fuel costs. As a result, our margins were well protected in 2009, and we have a solid base of sales hedges for 2010 and out through 2012 at prices that are above current market prices. Such hedging protects credit quality and reduces earnings and cash flow volatility. In addition, we continue to focus on providing value-added electricity products to the market. Leveraging our competitive merchant generation asserts, our experienced power marketing group has a track record of enhancing margins through sale to wholesale and retail customers. Strength in our ability to successfully weather the current price environment, we have reduced planned operating and capital spending, substantially improving the cash flow outlook for our Merchant Generation business. Turning to slide eight, those actions have included updating and refining our strategy for compliance with current environmental standards. Most of you will recall that our Merchant Generation business reached an agreement with the Illinois Environmental Protection Agency in 2006. This agreement was ultimately adopted by the Illinois Pollution Control Board as a compliance alternative to the Illinois mercury regulations. These regulations, which are modified in 2009, require our Merchant Generation plants to reduce emissions for sulphur dioxide or SO2, nitrous oxide or Nox, and mercury over a number of years. The nitric oxide emissions standards phase in through January 1, 2012 and the sulphur dioxide emissions standards phase in through January 1, 2017. The mercury removal efficiency requirements are deferred to January 1, 2015. Nox and Sox compliance is determined on a system-wide basis. As you know, during 2009 we reduced over anticipated non-environmental capital spending in the Merchant segment by approximately $1 billion over the period of 2009 to 2013. Because of the excellent performance of recently installed scrubbers at our Duck Creek and Coffeen plants, which are achieving removal rights beyond those contemplated in our initial plans, we have been able to re-evaluate and improve our environmental compliance strategy. As a result of this performance and updated cost experience, our estimate of capital expenditures required for compliance with existing air emission standards for our Merchant Generation fleet has been reduced. We now expect these expenditures will cumulatively be between 1.2 billion and 1.5 billion over the period of 2010 through 2017. Our previously disclosed range of comparable capital expenditures was 1.5 billion to 2 billion. These estimates are for capital spending required to comply with regulation as of December 31, 2009, and would allow for each of our merchant coal-fired power plants to remain in service beyond January 1, 2017. As you would expect, we have teams in place that continue to evaluate our plans in light of changing technologies, power prices and delivered fuel costs in order to ensure that we identify the lowest cost options in terms of both capital and ongoing operating costs. Over the next two years our environmental capital expenditure plans are moderate. We will use this time to continue to evaluate our plans looking for any opportunities to reduce compliance cost. Over the past 18 months, we have reduced planned spending, headcount and investment across the company to mitigate the negative impact on sales of a weak economy and related lower power prices. We have also enhanced our financial strength and liquidity position. Our regulated utilities are controlling spending and seeking updated rates to recover our cost and earn fair returns on investment. I believe that our actions have established a solid foundation for executing on future strategies and creating long-term shareholder value. While we expect earnings per share to decline in 2010, we expect earnings from our regulated businesses to improve over time as a result of narrowing the gap between our earned and authorized returns, and investing in improving reliability and promoting a cleaner environment. Our Merchant Generation business is poised to benefit from an expected eventual recovery in power prices. Further, I believe the Ameren common shares provide investors with an attractive and sustainable dividend supported by our rate regulated utility earnings. I will now turn the call over to Marty to walk you through the details of our 2009 earnings and our 2010 earnings guidance.
Martin Lyons: Thanks Tom. Turning to slide nine, I would like to direct you to the year column, which reconciles 2008 earnings to 2009 earnings. 2009 net income in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles was $612 million or $2.78 per share compared to 2008 GAAP net income of $605 million or $2.88 per share. Excluding certain items in each year, Ameren recorded 2009 core net income of $615 million or $2.79 per share compared with 2008 core net income of $622 million or $2.95 per share. There are three items in 2009 that we have excluded from our core earnings. These are the net costs associated with the Illinois comprehensive electric rate relief and customer assistance settlement agreement reached in 2007, which reduced 2009 GAAP earnings by $0.08 per share. The net effects of unrealized mark-to-market activities, which increased 2009 GAAP earnings by $0.14 per share and employee separation and impairment charges related to our headcount reduction and facilities closures, which reduced 2009 GAAP earnings by $0.07 per share. Continuing with the 2008 to 2009 earnings reconciliation on slide nine, the Missouri electric rate increase, which took effect March 1, 2009 raised 2009 earnings by $0.40 per share, net of amortizations compared to 2008. The net increase in Illinois electric and natural gas delivery service rates effective October 1, 2008, lifted 2009 earnings by $0.40 per share compared to the prior year. We estimate milder weather reduced 2009 earnings by $0.15 per share compared to 2008, and by $0.13 per share compared to normal. Moving to the next slide in our year-to-year reconciliation, reduced sales to Noranda Aluminum lowered 2009 earnings by $0.11 per share. Other electric and gas margins for our regulated utility operations, excluding the impact of rate adjustments, weather and the lost Noranda sales, decreased earnings by $0.30 per share. As Tom discussed earlier, this decline in margin was largely due to lower electric and natural gas sales volumes as a result of the weak economy. The next line on the reconciliation is a $0.10 per share decline in our Merchant Generation segment’s earnings, reflecting the absence in 2009 of the gain recorded in 2008 for a lump sum settlement payment received from a coal supplier related to a contract termination. Other electric margins for the Merchant Generation business, decreased by $0.05 per share in 2009 compared to 2008. This Merchant Generation margin decline was largely due to having less in the money generation and higher fuel and related transportation costs, offset in part by improved realized revenue per megawatt hour. Proactive forward sales and hedges of 2009 generation, executed in prior years at higher than 2009 market prices, largely shielded Merchant Generation segment earnings from the impact of falling market prices for power. The absence of a refueling and maintenance outage at the Callaway nuclear plant boosted 2009 earnings by $0.09 per share versus the prior year. You will recall that Callaway is typically refueled every 18 months. So there is no refueling outage every third year. The next three lines on our reconciliation combined to reduce 2009 earnings by $0.02 per share compared to 2008. This reflected higher distribution system reliability spending and higher depreciation and amortization expense, offset by lower plant operations and maintenance expense. Higher financing costs and share dilution reduced 2009 earnings by a combined $0.31 per share versus 2008. Moving now to the other taxes line on the reconciliation, where higher property taxes contributed to a $0.06 per share increase in cost versus the year ago period. Finally, the net impact of other items including lower bad debt and non-plant operations and maintenance expenses, increased 2009 earnings per share by $0.05 per share compared to 2008. Turning to slide 10, I would like to discuss the key assumptions and drivers behind our 2010 core earnings guidance of $1.90 per share to $2.15 per share for our Missouri and Illinois regulated utilities businesses. In 2010, we expect to achieve returns on equity of approximately 7.5% to 8.5% on average expected 2010 utility common equity of about $6 billion. These returns are anticipated to be up from our average 2009 returns on utility common equity of approximately 6.5% to 6.8%. The guidance for our regulated utilities reflects expected new Illinois electric and gas delivery rates effective in late April or early May, and expected new Missouri electric rates effective in late June. Further, our guidance assumes some moderate electric sales growth. The sales outlook incorporates our expectations that the Noranda smelter plant will return to full operation early in the second quarter of 2010, adding an estimated $0.10 per share to earnings compared to 2009. Note that 2010 earnings per share guidance variances versus 2009 are calculated using 2009 average common shares outstanding. As usual, guidance is based on normal weather, which would add an estimated $0.13 to earnings per share versus the milder than normal 2009. In addition, the Taum Sauk pumped-storage hydroelectric facility is expected to return to service in the second quarter of 2010, improving margins by approximately $1.8 million per month. The scheduled spring refueling and maintenance outage at the Callaway nuclear plant is expected to reduce 2010 earnings by $0.09 per share compared to 2009. 2010 earnings guidance incorporates higher expected plant operations and maintenance expenses, primarily for scheduled work at AmerenUE’s coal-fired plant. Pension and benefit, depreciation and other tax expenses are also expected to increase in 2010 versus 2009. As I wrap up my discussion of 2010 guidance for our regulated utilities, let me be clear that the return on equity of 7.5% to 8.5% assumed in our guidance is well below the level we consider to be reasonable. As Tom stated earlier, our management is committed to lifting the return on investment at our regulated utilities to levels that are fair. For every 100 basis points by which our unregulated utilities under earn their allowed returns on equity, our shareholders are deprived of earnings of approximately $0.25 per share. We believe that given the current regulatory frameworks in place in Missouri and Illinois, achieving these higher returns will not be accomplished in one rate case proceeding. We are focused on achieving fair returns by pursuing consistent, constructive regulatory outcomes including mechanisms that reduce regulatory lag as well as synchronizing our spending consistent with the level of rates authorized by the respective commissions. Turning to slide 11, let us now move to a discussion of the key drivers and assumptions behind our 2010 Merchant Generation business earnings guidance. We expect this business segment to post core earnings of $0.30 to $0.45 per share in 2010. The largest driver of the decline in Merchant Generation business earnings from 2009 to 2010 is a decrease in expected margins of $0.70 to $0.80 per share. We expect our base load merchant plans to generate approximately 30.5 million MWh in 2010. Approximately 26 million MWh of this is hedged at an average price of $47 per megawatt hour. Our expected margins assume that all non-hedged expected generation is sold at current market prices. In 2010, we anticipate having base load capacity available to generate 35 million MWh in the event power prices rise, and support higher generation levels. A $5 per megawatt hour improvement in 2010 market power prices as compared to current prices would increase our expected 2010 generation output by approximately 1.5 million MWh, and our expected 2010 Merchant Generation margins by approximately $30 million. Our all in base load fuel cost are 100% hedged at approximately $23.25 per megawatt hour. Lastly, the Merchant Generation business is expected to post higher depreciation and interest expense in 2010 compared to 2009. Moving now to key companywide assumptions, our earnings guidance reflects an expected effective consolidated income tax rate of approximately 34%, and average number of common shares outstanding of approximately 239 million for 2010. As I close our discussion of 2010 earnings guidance, I will remind you that any net unrealized mark-to-market gains or losses will affect our GAAP earnings, but are excluded from our GAAP and core earnings guidance because the company is unable to reasonably estimate the impact of any such gains or losses. Further, our earnings guidance for 2010 assumes normal weather for the year, and is subject to among other things regulatory decisions and legislative action, plant operations, energy and capital and credit market conditions, economic conditions, severe storms, and usual or otherwise unexpected gains or losses and other risks and uncertainties outlined or referred to in the forward-looking statements section of today's press release. Turning now to slide 12, I would like to report on our 2009 and projected 2010 cash flow. A year ago we shared with you that we expected 2009 negative free cash flow, defined as cash flows from operations less capital expenditures and common dividend, of approximately $450 million. I'm pleased to report that we were able to achieve markedly better results. This significant improvement was the result of curtailed spending and cash tax saving, including deferral of tax payments as a result of bonus depreciation. As we look to 2010, despite expected reduced earnings, we anticipate that free cash flow from our Merchant Generation segment will be positive allowing us to reduce outstanding borrowings. We anticipate that our regulated utilities will continue to generate negative free cash flow although at reduced levels, while providing funding for our current dividend. In summary, we anticipate that Ameren on a consolidated basis will require minimal net additional capital from external sources during 2010. We ended 2009 with approximately 1.9 billion of total available liquidity. That was comprised of cash on hand, as well as available borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility. Our debt maturities in 2010 are a very manageable $220 million. Before we conclude our formal remarks, I would like to share with you some additional numbers to assist you in assessing Ameren’s longer-term outlook. On slide 13, we detail Ameren’s updated five-year capital expenditure outlook. Over the 2010 through 2014 period, cumulative capital spending is projected to range between 6.3 billion and 8.1 billion and between 1.1 billion and 1.7 billion per year. These spending levels reflect reductions made to planned spending in both the regulated utility and merchant generation segments of our business. On slide 14, we present our expected capital expenditures for our Merchant Generation business segment for each of the next five years. The amounts shown reflect lower than planned actual expenditures in 2009, and a reduction of $45 million in the years 2010 through 2013 versus estimates we shared with you at the Edison Electric Institute financial conference last November. These numbers are included in the total Ameren wide capital expenditures I just mentioned. Our Merchant Generation business spending plans are particularly moderate this year and next year. Of course, we will continue to review and adjust as needed our Merchant Generation business spending plans in light of evolving outlooks for power prices, delivered fuel cost, environmental standards and compliance technologies among other things. Moving now to slide 15, we provide an update on our 2010 through 2012 forward power sales and hedges. As you can see, we have significant hedges in place for 2010 through 2012 at power prices above the current market. We already discussed our 2010 hedges. For 2011 we have hedged approximately 18 million MWh at an average price of $49 per megawatt hour. Further for 2012, we have hedged approximately 12 million MWh at an average price of $53 per megawatt hour. Our capacity sales are approximately 75% hedged in 2010, approximately 40% hedged in 2011, and approximately 20% hedged in 2012. To assist you in understanding our Merchant Generation business segment’s margin drivers, we have provided a pie chart that breaks down our 2010 expected revenue by type. Now turning to slide 16, we update our Merchant Generation segment’s fuel and related transportation hedges. We previously discussed our 2010 hedging. For 2011, we have hedged approximately 20 million MWh at about $25.50 per megawatt hour. For 2012, we have hedged approximately 11 million MWh at about $26.50 per megawatt hour. Similar to our previous slide dealing with Merchant Generation revenues, we have included a pie chart that breaks down forecasted 2010 all in fuel cost to provide a perspective on how each component contributes to our overall cost. As Tom stated, our management team is extremely focused on meaningfully improving the returns at our regulated utilities, and continuing to position our Merchant Generation business to whether current power market conditions, and benefit from an expected eventual recovery in power prices. This completes our prepared remarks. We will now be happy to take your questions.
Operator:
 :
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Good morning guys.
Tom Voss: Good morning Paul.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Just to get a sense for what we are looking at in terms of power prices in your region for 2011, and beyond when you look at the forward curve, what kind of neighborhood are we in with respect to that. Could you give us a flavor for that?
Tom Voss: Sure Paul. You know, when they look at the power market ordinarily or typically, as you probably know we look at some of the, you know, thin hub [ph] prices, and you know, right now thin hub around-the-clock prices are -- for 2011 in neighborhood of around $35 per megawatt hour.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay -- and you guys would be on a basis differential with that, how much should we think about that or is it pretty close to that number?
Tom Voss: Well, I think there is a couple of things that you want to remember about it is you know, first of all that sort of just the thin hub prices. We talked about on the call and they typically as we are out in the market, we're looking for opportunities to enhance margins beyond you know, the prices you see just at thin hub you know, through sales to retail customers around the states that we operate it. But in terms of basis differentials, you know, some of the things that we've seen recently this past year, we certainly saw basis differentials widen out versus what we've seen in other periods when loads were higher you know, essentially as the economy slipped and we saw a demand drop off, we saw you know, some of the basis differential increase, and it was on peak around our service territory in Illinois around 7% decrement on peak to synergy, and about 14% off peak this past calendar year. Now it varies from region to region if you go down to, you know, for example where our EEI Joppa facility is. It is actually better the basis differential there is positive on peak, and a little bit negative off peak about 6%. So, you know, as we've gone into 2010 planning, you know, we've assumed similar kinds of basis differentials to 2009 as we look out to 2010, but we'd expect you should look beyond into ‘11 and ‘12, we would actually expect to see those basis differentials tighten up as the economy recovers.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, and then just finally on the discussion of getting to a better ROE, you mentioned that you don't see this as a one-time sort of rate case catch-up situation, and you mentioned some sort of efforts. Obviously, you guys are lowering Capex there, and I guess maybe getting some sort of more timely recovery. If you could just elaborate a little bit on that and just, also if you could just tell us what it is in the non-regulated compliance generation Capex reduction, what you guys did there, and why you guys are coming in with a lower number now?
Tom Voss: Sure, maybe we'll take those out of order. Well, first we will talk about you know, what we did in terms of capital expenditures on the merchant side of our business, and I will let Charles Naslund, the president of that segment discuss that a little bit.
Charles Naslund: You know, on the Capex for our merchant business, again if you kind of look at slide 8 that we covered, outlines basically in the state of Illinois what plans have to be scrubbed, which ones are complete, and which ones are yet to go, and basically what you'll see there as we have remaining in order to meet all the compliance requirements in Illinois to scrub the two Newton units, and then to scrub three out of six of the Joppa units, and what the change was because of the -- as Marty mentioned earlier, the great performance of the first phase of scrubbers and removal rates, it has actually allowed us to remove scrubbers on Edwards unit II and III, which effectively removed 400 million to 500 million out the 2010 through 2017 budget.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay, so Mississippi [ph] basically the same achievement with less Capex, right?
Charles Naslund: That's correct. The other thing I would add as Marty mentioned, we're continuing to look at other technologies and looking at once perhaps or maybe higher O&M and much lower Capex. And so we do have a breathing period here. 2010 and 2011, we finished our phase I scrubbers. We have a couple of years before heavy investment needs to start on our phase 2, and it gives us plenty of time as the technologies evolve here to come up with alternate solutions. I'm very optimistic that for some of our smaller units like our Joppa units that we're going to be able to come up with technologies, and actually continue to work on reducing those Capex expenditures.
Tom Voss: Great. Thanks Chuck. I appreciate that. You know, Paul, on your other question in terms of you know, reducing the amount of under earning that we are seeing in our regulated businesses, obviously some of things we’ve talked about over time is you know, filing the rate cases on a regular basis to make sure that we are recovering our cost on a timely basis and earning fair returns, certainly seeking cost recovery mechanisms in the cases that we have pending. You know, those cost recovery mechanisms would allow us to recover our costs on a more timely basis reducing the amount of lag that we have. Those kinds of recovery mechanisms such as trackers or riders are certainly helpful in terms of being given an opportunity to earn you know, your allowed return in your jurisdiction. And then I think too, we'll also be looking and making sure that we manage our spend appropriately, and try to manage our spending to help close those gaps over time. Before I leave the whole Q&A with you Paul, I appreciate the questions. You know, as it relates to basis differential, one thing I did want to mention is that when you look at some of those basis differentials, it is really only a percentage of our volumes that are exposed, when you look at something like 2010. Some of our hedges really do protect us from some of that basis differential of our total megawatt hours that we have expected to generate next year of about 30.5, only about 35% of those are actually exposed to some of those basis differentials I discussed before. So, you know, that also helps to sort of mitigate the impact of those basis differentials.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Thanks.
Tom Voss: Good questions.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Reza Hatefi with Decade Capital Management. Please state your question.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital Management: Thank you. I guess one of the drivers on slide 10 is an earned ROE of 7.5% to 8.5%, is it kind of fair to say that because of the timing of the rate cases, and when they go effective that may be in the first half of 2010, you will earn close to ROE, I guess you earned in ’09, which was like 6.7% or something, and then in the back half of 2010, you are expecting to earn roughly 9%, which kind of averages to about 8% for the year? Is that the best way to think about it?
Tom Voss: Well, I won't comment on the specific earned ROE percentages in the first half and the second half. But your overall thought process, I think is good, meaning that until those rate cases come to a conclusion, and we have rate adjustments. We would expect in the first-half of the year to continue to experience some of the regulatory lag that we did see last year. So, and again I wouldn't comment on the percentages. There is certainly seasonal volatility, and depending upon power planned outages, things like that, it could certainly swing those earned ROE percentages. But overall, your thoughts are generally correct.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital Management: And then looking at slide 15, a follow up on the hedge question from earlier, if I look at 2012 hedges, 12 terawatt hours at $53. If I remember it correctly, about 8.7 terawatt hours of that is from the Illinois swap contract, I think was at $53, and then 1 terawatt hour is the legacy hedges like $33 is that right?
Tom Voss: Yes. This sounds about right. Certainly the contracts that we have in place in the swaps provide the base, and I think you are right there about 8.8 million megawatt hours, and then some of the legacy contracts do provide the reminder, which typically those contracts are with wholesale concerns or large industrial concerns around the state of Illinois. I guess, I had also mentioned when you look out to 2011 and 2012 and when you look at those hedges, the shaping of the hedges approximate the kind of profile you would see in a round-the-clock kind of product. However, given the shape of the generation that we actually have available, the unhedged megawatt hours are a little more to on-peak than off, probably 55 on-peak, 45 off-peak, which is also true for the unhedged megawatt hours for 2010.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital Management: And I guess just on that hedged numbers, 8.8 terawatt hours is $53 hours, and 1 terawatt hour is $33, sort of implies that the other 2.3 or so terawatt hour about $61 or $62 is packing into it. Is that -- are those just hedges that were layered on back in 2007 or 2008 or I guess what -- seems like a really nice price. I guess when where those hedges put on?
Tom Voss: Yes, sure. Those contracts were put in place in prior years, and I can't speak to the exact pricing on all those legacy contracts, but your assumption is correct. They were put in place a couple of years ago.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital Management: Have you started hedging 2013 yet?
Tom Voss: I wouldn't comment on 2013 at this point.
Reza Hatefi - Decade Capital Management: Thank you very much.
Tom Voss: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Carl Seligson with Utility Financial Experts. Please state your question.
Carl Seligson - Utility Financial Experts: Good morning gentlemen. I am as usual, and unfortunate it has been going on for several years, terribly disappointed at the actions of the Missouri Commission in particular, and your assumptions that you will be earning 2 or 3 percentage points on equity, less than what you have before. I noticed that last week the commission granted an increase to Michigan Gas and Missouri Gas Energy, which of course they were a small company, but nonetheless it was down at 10% ROE down from 10.5%, and the chairman made a statement about the unanimity of the decision. I don't think in talking to individual commissioners necessarily your unanimity would in the bargaining seems to go towards the low end rather than the high end. But I wonder what steps you might take, either be they with the legislature or in specific filings, and things that you ask for, trackers et cetera to try to cut the spread between earned returns and allowed returns. You don't have a forward year, although they try to supposedly update your year during the course of the proceeding, but what else besides the forward year can you look to put in, and to get the legislature say that this makes sense because otherwise, you are going to have to continue to cut Capex, and continue to try to avoid the financial markets?
Martin Lyons: Carl this is Marty. You know, I think -- yes, and thanks for dialing in. you know, as we look to this ongoing rate case, we remain optimistic that we will get a fair outcome in this case. And I think Carl with respect to the things that will help close the ROE gap over time, something that as we mentioned in our talking points, you know, we are very focused on and we are very cognizant that we need to achieve for our investor base. You know, as part of this case we are looking for continuation of some of the constructive riders that we’ve received in the past trackers such as the fuel adjustment clause, and the pension and OPEB kinds of trackers that we have. We are also looking for other things that will help us in making sure that we can earn something closer to our allowed ROEs. You know something like the environmental cost recovery mechanism that we are seeking in our current case in Missouri, as well as some of the other adjustments that we laid out on slide 7 of our presentation. So you know, we are looking to work over time to improve our ability to earn fair rates of return in our jurisdiction.
Carl Seligson - Utility Financial Experts: Yeah, I know you are looking for it. You have been looking for it for several years, but it doesn't seem to do you much good, and I wondered if there wasn't anything more specific, more action that you can take. The current case is a pretty good example as far as most of the recommended increase by staff has to do with fuel clause which you would gotten through -- fuel costs which you would have gotten through the operation of the fuel clause in any case. So, they have not given you any breaks as far as…
Warner Baxter: Carl, this is Warner Baxter. How are you doing?
Carl Seligson - Utility Financial Experts: Hi, Warner. Good.
Warner Baxter: You know, I think at the end of the day you know, we have as Tom said earlier, we put together a well supported case, and we feel confident in our ability to have a fair hearing of this case in front of the commission, and a fair outcome ultimate from that commission. Marty outlined the various riders and tracking mechanisms that will seek in this case, as well as potentially in future cases we can seek potentially other mechanisms to continue to mitigate that lag. And lastly, you know, there are other alternatives even outside of the regulatory mechanisms as you know that we could consider from a legislative perspective that mitigate that, but that's not in the short term. That would be something down the road. So we're mindful of it, and we are going to continue to do the best we can to narrow that gap as Marty said.
Carl Seligson - Utility Financial Experts: Good luck.
Warner Baxter: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Yiktat Fung with Zimmer Lucas. Please state your question.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas: Good morning. First of all, congratulations on the solid numbers, and especially on the improvement on the environmental and Capex outlook. My first question pertains to the revenue break down on slide 15. In terms of the 79% portion that is energy and capacity for the full requirements [ph] contracts. Are those contracts exposed to customer switching?
Tom Voss: I think -- I apologize. You broke up at least as far as I could hear a little bit. I think you're asking about the capacity hedges on slide 15.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas: I'm actually asking about the full requirements contracts that make up 79% of your revenue.
Tom Voss: Oh, so you're talking about the power hedge sales themselves, and whether there is some exposure to customer switching.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas: Correct.
Tom Voss: You know, it's really diminished because you know, as we -- previously some of these contracts were for auction related sales, but those auction related sales have been dropping off over the past couple of years, and you know, the swap contracts come into place, and so as the auction contracts roll off, which actually roll off middle of this year, you know, we're really less exposed to that kind of customer switching.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas: I see. And going back to your earnings drivers for the Merchant segment, one of the drivers that seems to be missing or doesn’t seem to be mentioned on slide 11 is basically O&M cost. Does that mean that O&M is flat year-on-year at this segment?
Tom Voss: Yeah, I think if you actually if you go back and look at some of the guidance we provided in previous quarters, we've really been working to reduce the O&M, and I believe it's actually down a little bit in 2010 versus 2009 levels.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas: So that previous guidance, bringing it back down to around 2008 levels still holds?
Tom Voss: Yes, we had provided some guidance back at the end of the year. I think it was the third quarter relative to 2008, 2008 levels, and that guidance was about right.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas: Okay, and then going on to the regulated segment, can you just give a bit more color as to what you assume for your load for low growth in 2010 versus 2009. I think you mentioned that you expect, obviously, the Noranda plant to come back and that industrial sales in Illinois would have a little up-tick. Can you comment a bit on what you assume for residential and commercial?
Tom Voss: Yes, we're -- I'd say fairly bearish on -- in terms of residential and in industrial and commercial sales, and in industrial where we talked about, we are expecting some growth as Tom mentioned in our sales to Noranda, which is -- they seem to be coming back strong which is terrific news. In Illinois, we do see some industrial growth in particular that we expect to take place and again while we have certain low margins in that business, we do believe that's good for the economy in general for our customers, as well as for certainly for power prices as well. So those are all good, but in terms of the residential and commercial sales more modest expectations there. And you know, really we think that we won't see real strong improvement in those areas until you know, you look out into the future and you see some stronger economic recovery that would support some job growth.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas: Actually, so basically the assumption is somewhere around flat year-on-year for residential and commercial?
Tom Voss: Yes, I think you know close to that of sort of the low 2009 level that we saw.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas: Okay. Thank you very much.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Dan Jenkins with State of Wisconsin Investment Board. Please state your question.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Hi, good morning. Had a couple of questions on the Missouri case in this slide 7, I guess, there is -- when you mentioned the $402 million annual request, does that reflect the 11.5 ROE that you initially requested or the 10.8 that you are asking for now, and if it is the 11.5 then what is the difference in that. And then I was also curious, you mentioned that you are going to true-up through January 31, and you obviously already have results through December 31, and you probably got an idea on January. How's that going to impact the request?
Tom Voss: Right, the $402 -- if I understood your questions, the $402 million request was based on and is based on the initial ROE that was filed. We did, as you mentioned, drop the ROE request there, and I guess it is a frame of reference. I think it is about every 100 basis points, it is about you know, $45 million or so. So you kind of do the math to figure out the impact there in terms of the ROE drop. However, as you mentioned there are and we mentioned that there are going to be updates through the end of January and we don't have all of those numbers today. We will be making a filing in March, but the parties will be in the case anyway in the March timeframe that would provide sort of the overall pluses and minuses, you know, of course one of the things that you see in that list that will go the other way in terms of moving the you know, the ROE going down would move the overall request down, but you know, certainly pushing the other way would be our anticipation that we would be able to update the capital structure to reflect the equity that we did put into Union Electric when we issued equity in the fall.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. And then I just want to make sure I have this cleared. So as the staff not contesting the fuel clause or the pension OPEB trackers that in this case is that…
Tom Voss: That is right. I mean basically what we are saying is that you know, the staffs’ testimony didn't object to continuation of those, the FAC and those trackers for pension and OPEB.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. So, the only one -- this is the only tracker they are really contesting in vegetation [ph] and infrastructure inspection costs or is there other things that are being contested?
Warner Baxter: Dan, this is Warner Baxter. That is correct. The other thing they are contesting, we asked for a storm tracking mechanism in our rate case. It gets a little bit to an earlier question about the things that we are seeking to try and mitigate regulatory lag. One of the new things we did ask for in this case was a strong tracking mechanism and the staff is opposing this -- that recommendation at least to date in their filing.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay, thank you. That's all I have.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Billy Hagstrom with Catapult Capital. Please state your question.
Billy Hagstrom - Catapult Capital: Hi guys. Thanks. You talk about an improved regulated earnings outlook as you narrow the gap. If I look at slide 10, your 2010 regulated guidance of 205 mid point roughly is an 8% ROE. If I think about the bullet at the bottom of the page that highlights $0.25 of earnings for every 100 basis points of ROE, and these pending rate cases allow you to earn closer to your currently allowed ROEs, are you expecting to get roughly 250 of earnings just for the regulated business by next year?
Tom Voss: That was not the comment. I think the comment here overall was that you know, we do plan to reduce the regulatory lag in the businesses that we have through the pending rate cases, where we expect to improve the returns that last year we're in the 6.5ish percent range. We'd expect to improve those up to the 7.5% to 8.5% range, you know, in the current year and then you know, as we look out over time, we see the opportunity as we close the gap between say that mid-point, let us say, 8% and our allowed returns which in our last series of rate cases in Missouri and Illinois, the ROEs that were allowed were around 10.7%. So you know, what we're seeing there is for every 1% we can close from say that 8% mid-point up through 10% or 10.7% is going to provide us the opportunity to get $0.50 or more of earnings. So it is kind of -- it is just illustrating some of the earnings power of the businesses that we have.
Billy Hagstrom - Catapult Capital: Okay, that's helpful. Good luck guys.
Tom Voss: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please state your question.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Hi guys. On the environmental slide in terms of meeting the NPS [ph] requirements, you talk a good bit about scrubbers, can you talk about SCRs at all? Do you no longer, do you not need SCRs at these facilities because you are meeting your Nox requirements through the scrubber. Talk -- if you mind giving an update on that. And also can you talk about alternative technologies to have looked at, meaning things like turn [ph] injections as a substitute for scrubbing?
Charles Naslund: Yes, Michael. It is Chuck Naslund again. As far as your question on SCRs, we currently have adequate SCRs and Nox burners on all of our units to be able to meet all the Nox requirements in Illinois NPS out through 2017. So we have no additional Capex expenditures in that particular area. As far as alternate technologies, you're right on. We are looking very hard at turn injection or some kind of sodium bicarbonate type of injection where you know, very low Capex expenditure, but more of an O&M component, and we believe some of our older smaller units that may be the best economical approach. And we have plenty of time as that technology shakes out to adjust Capex for those Joppa units out in the future.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Can you talk about the returns on capital you expect to make on the -- if you have to -- meaning if you can’t use (inaudible) and you have to do the scrubbers, what kind of returns on capital you expect to make on that investment?
Tom Voss: Yes, Michael. Could you repeat that question? I apologize.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Sure. I mean, and this is -- lots of companies in the industry face this in terms of whether to scrub plants or shut plants down. Can you talk about the returns on capital you expect to make on the scrubbing on some of your larger units on the non-regulated side?
Tom Voss: Yes, I guess, I don't have the returns off the top of my head in the non-regulated unit side of the business, and I think what we're going to be doing over the next couple of years as we reevaluate and evaluate these plans is certainly look, as I said before, at the power price conditions, fuel cost, look at you know, developments in the regulated areas, and you know, look at whether these incremental investments that we have that you know, today we plan to make, you know, will provide us returns in excess of our cost of capital, and that's what we'll be taking a look at if we you know, make the final decisions as to how to proceed with the capital expenditures that we have planned.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Got it, and last question, this is just a balance sheet one. I was looking at the earnings release and noticed that long-term debt had come down about $800 million, but that the -- I think it is the draw on the credit facility or the borrowing on the credit facility is now about $830 million. Can you just talk about plans for that, meaning are you going to just leave that outstanding or you going to return that out at one of the utility subs?
Tom Voss: Yes, we expect as we said before that overall as we look at you know, this year that we expect to be around cash flow neutral at the overall, at the Ameren Corp. level, and as you look at some of those borrowings that you see there, some of those borrowings are for the Merchant business, support the Merchant business, some of the cash that we have on hand is that the regulated businesses. The regulated businesses, we are expecting as I said before, for them to be cash flow negative, and eat into some of those cash balances this year, whereas on the merchant side of our business, where we expect to be cash flow positive to have the ability to pay down some of those borrowings this year. So you should see the borrowings and the cash balances coming down over the course of the year, and then you know, while we don't have to access the capital markets this year, we just don't have the possibility, especially late in the year of doing some additional debt at the Merchant Generation segment, say a couple of hundred million dollars which that long-term debt might also be utilized to keep the borrowings under the credit facility level.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Okay, thank you guys. Much appreciated.
Tom Voss: Okay. Thank you Michael.
Douglas Fischer:
 :
Operator: Okay. Our last question is coming from Steve Gambuzza from Longbow Capital. Please state your question.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Good morning. Just on the non-reg O&M, I just want to make sure I understood that the answer, that was the prior guidance that 2010 non-reg or Merchant Generation O&M would be roughly flat with 2008 level. Is that correct?
Tom Voss: That is correct.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. Can you just tell me what the number was in 2009?
Tom Voss: Oh boy. I apologize. I don't have that handy. We can try to…
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: I'll follow-up off-line.
Tom Voss: Maybe so. We could try to look it up real quick, but may be following up off-line would be best.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Thanks very much.
Tom Voss: Thank you.
Douglas Fischer: Yes, Steve. This is Doug Fisher. If you'll just give me a call about that, we'll catch up on that. Unfortunately our hour has expired. Thank you for all your interest in participating in this call. Let me remind you again that this call is available through February 24th on playback, and for one year on our website. Today's press release includes instructions. On listening to the playback, you may also call the contacts listed on the release. Financial analyst inquiries should be directed to me, Doug Fisher, media should call Susan Gallagher. Susan’s and my contact numbers are on the news release. Again, thanks for your interest in Ameren and have a good day.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time, and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q3  (2009-10-30 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Voss - President and Chief Executive Officer Marty Lyons - Senior Vice President & Chief Financial Officer Doug Fischer - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board
Operator: Greetings and welcome to the Ameren Corporation’s third quarter earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions)  It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Doug Fischer, Director of IR for Ameren Corporation. Thank you Mr. Fischer, you may begin.
Doug Fischer: Thank you and good morning. I’m Doug Fischer, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today is our President and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Voss; our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Marty Lyons, and other members of the Ameren management team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call will be available by telephone for one week to anyone who wishes to hear it by dialing a playback number. The announcement you received in our news release contain instructions on replaying the call by telephone. This call is also being broadcast live on the Internet and the webcast will be available for one year on our website www.ameren.com. This call contains time sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today’s live broadcast. Redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. To assist in our call this morning we have posted presentation slides ton website that we will refer to during this call. To access this presentation you may look in the investor section of our website under presentations and follow the appropriate link. Turning to slide two of our presentation, I need to let you know that comments made on this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, belief, plans, strategies, objective, events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. For additional information concerning these factors, we ask you to read the forward-looking statements section in the news release we issued today and the forward-looking statements and risk factors section in our periodic filings with the SEC. Tom will begin with an overview of third quarter 2009 earnings guidance followed by a brief business update. Marty will follow with more detail discussion of our third quarter 2009 financial results, our 2009 earnings guidance and a financial update. We will then open the call for questions. Here’s Tom. 
Tom Voss: Thanks Doug. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Moving to slide three of the presentation on our website I am pleased to report that this morning we released third quarter 2009 non-GAAP or core earnings per share of $1.16. That is just $0.01 less than our core earnings in the third quarter of 2008, despite much cooler summer weather and the weak economy. Factors favorably effecting core third quarter 2009 earnings per share verses year ago results included utility rate adjustments in Illinois and Missouri, lower operations and maintenance expenses and the revenue leveling effect of natural gas rate redesign in Illinois. Offsetting factors included lower electricity sales at regulated utilities and lower margins in the merchant generation segment due to much cooler summer weather and economic conditions. Higher interest expense and an increase in average common shares outstanding also impacted comparative results. Turning now to slide four, with our most significant earnings quarters behind us, we are narrowing our 2009 core earnings per share guidance range to $2.70 to $2.90 from our prior range of $2.70 to $3.05. Our new core guidance reflects reduced sales due to much cooler than normal third quarter weather and continued weak economic conditions as well as dilution from our September 2009 common equity offering. The impact to these factors is partially offset by reduced operating and interest expenses as compared to our prior guidance. Marty will provide more details in third quarter earnings in our updated 2009 guidance in his remarks, but before I turn the call over to him I would like to provide a brief business update. Looking now at slide five, you will note a breakdown of regulated electricity sales and revenue levels. This is a topic of great interest in the current economic environment. In the third quarter of 2009, at our regulated utilities, much cooler summer weather and the economic slow down led to a 10% decrease in kilowatt hour sales to residential customers and a 3% decrease in kilowatt hour sales to commercial customers compared to the year ago quarter. These sales changes were more modest on a weather normalized basis with residential sales declining an estimated 2% and commercial sales declining an estimated 1%. Cooling degree days in the 2009 third quarter were 18% below the 2008 third quarter, and 23% below normal. The weak economy continued to affect the level of electric sales of our regulated utilities to industrial customers. These sales declined 13% from the year ago quarter, excluding the impact of reduced demand from AmerenUE largest customer Noranda Aluminum Inc. smelter plant in New Madrid in Missouri. You will recall that Noranda’s plant sustained damage because of a power interruption on non-Ameren-owned power lines during a severe January 2009 ice storm. Including Noranda, electric sales by our regulated utilities to industrial customers declined 18% in the third quarter of 2009, as compared to the year ago quarter. We were pleased that Noranda announced that they’ve recently initiated steps to return operations to full effective capacity. These steps include restarting the third of its three production lines. We expect it will take some time for the third production line to be repaired and return to full capacity. The improved Noranda outlook is a good launching point for comments on our overall outlook for electricity sales at our regulated utilities for the balance of 2009 and 2010. In Illinois, we are seeing signs of a potential recovery in industrial sales including increased load associated with an oil refinery a new ethanol plant, which began operation the middle of this year and several other projects expected in the future. We expect full year 2009 electricity sales to industrial customers of our regulated utilities to be down approximately 11% excluding Noranda. We currently think sales declines associated with industrial customers are slowing, and expect growth in 2010, though at a pace-less than what is typical coming out of a recession. On a weather normalized basis, we expect full year 2009 sales to residential and commercial customers to be down approximately 1% to 2% as compared to 2008. In to 2010, we currently expect a resumption of growth in residential and commercial sales. This expectation assumes a moderate economic recovering. On the plant operation’s front, our AmerenUE base load generating units, posted strong third quarter 2009 equivalent availability of 94%, up from an also strong 92% in the same period in 208. Our Merchant Generation base load fleet had solid equivalent availability of 85% for the 2009 third quarter. This was down from 89% in the year ago period, reflecting plant outages including our September transformer fire at Newton Unit I that resulted in both Units I and II being out of service for a period of time. Due to the hard work of our plant personnel and availability of a spare transformer at our Coffeen Plant both Newton Units are back online. The outages however, contributing to a reduction in our expected 2009 Merchant Generation output. We now estimate that, output will be approximately 27 million megawatt hours, down from our prior estimate of 28 million megawatt hours. On the regulatory front, we have rate cases pending in both our Illinois and Missouri Jurisdiction. We are seeking revenue levels that reflect significant investments we have made in electric and gas utility infrastructure to improve reliability, increases in cost essential to generating and delivering electricity, higher financing cost and in Missouri rising net fuel costs. At our Ameren Illinois utilities, we originally requested a $226 million annual increase in electric and natural gas delivery rates. On October 23, we filed, Rebuttal Testimony with the Illinois Commerce Commission updating our requests. On a comparable basis, our revised request is for our revenue increase of $181 million annually. This includes a $162 million base rate increase request, and $19 million related to 2009 and 2010 Illinois Commerce Commission reliability audit expenditures that we proposed be recovered via a rider. If proved the rider would cover post 2010 reliability audit expenditures as well. The change in the revenue request primarily reflects updated cost of capital and expense numbers, our requested returns on equity now range from 10.8% to 11.7% versus a prior range of 11.25% to 12.25%. The Illinois Commerce Commission is expected to issue an order in time for new rates to be effective in early May 2010. At AmerenUE, we have filed with the Missouri Public Service Commission for an annual electric rate increase of $402 million, more than half of the request is for anticipated increases in normalized net fuel costs. These increased net fuel costs would have within eligible for recovery through the fuel adjustment clause absents this filing. As part of its overall request, AmerenUE has asked for interim rate relief of $37 million, subject to refund with interest. The amount of this interim request reflects the revenue requirement for rate base additions, made between October 2008 and May 2009. The Commission recently established a schedule for considering the interim increase request and a hearing is set for December 7. In the overall rate case, new rates are expected to be effective in late June 2010. As we have previously stated, we’re very aware that the prospect of higher utility rates is difficult for our customers in this tough economy. We are very focused on controlling cost, to moderate our need for higher rates. Our entire management team is also keenly focused on laying a foundation on which we can build and deliver shareholder value in the years to come. In that regard we have taken several steps over the past months to position the company for future success. In early August, we communicated that at our regulated businesses, we expect 2010 non-fuel operating and maintenance or O&M to be at a level close of that of 2008. Further at our regulated utilities, we identified and are carefully evaluating for possible elimination or deferral approximately $1 billion of previously claim capital expenditures schedule for the 2010 through 2013 period. In August we stated that we expect merchant generation non-fuel O&M expenses will decline by 5% to 10% in 2010 as compared to the 2008 level. We also reported that we have eliminated approximately $1 billion in merchant generation capital expenditures from the 2010 through 2013 as compared to prior plans. In our merchant generation business we have taken action to align both our staffing and generating fleet with the current commodity market environment. We have eliminated a total of 145 positions including management support and plant staffing. These alignment efforts include retiring the Meredosia one and two coal-fired generating units which had a combined capacity of 105 megawatts and limiting operation of the grand tower gas fired combustion turbines to the profitable summer months. Meredosia one and two net generation was only about 255,000 megawatts in 2008 and only about 7,000 megawatts over the first nine months of 2009. To achieve the operating cost target to outlined in August for both our regulated utility and merchant generation business we initiated a voluntary employees separation program in September and we will follow it with an involuntary separation program in early November across our organization. As I discussed we are seeking to recover increased costs in our regulated businesses to narrow the gap between our earned and allowed returns. I believe Ameren common shares provide investors with an attractive and sustainable dividend supported by our rate regulated utility earnings. In addition we expect our earnings per share to grow over the long term as a result of narrowing the gap between our earned and allowed returns, investing in our regulated utilities and benefiting from recovery and power prices from our merchant generation business. We are laying a solid foundation for future success. I will now turn the call over to Marty to walk you through the details of our third quarter 2009 earnings, review our narrowed full year 2009 earnings guidance and provide a financial update.
Marty Lyons: Thank, Tom. Turning to slide six, I would like to direct you to the Q3 column, which reconciles third quarter 2008 earnings to third quarter 2009 earnings. Third quarter 2009 net income in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles was 227 million or $1.04 per share compared to third quarter 2008 GAAP net income of $204 million or $0.97 per share. Excluding certain items in each year, Ameren recorded third quarter 2009 core net income of $255 million or $1.16 per share compared with third quarter 2008 core net income of $246 million or $1.17 per share. There are three items in the third quarter of 2009 that we have excluded from our core earns. These items of the net costs associated with the Illinois comprehensive electric rate relief and customer assistance settlement agreement reached in 2007, which reduced third quarter 2009 GAAP earnings by $0.02 per share. The net effects of mark-to-market activities, which decreased third quarter 2009 GAAP earnings by $0.04 per share and the cost of employee separation programs and the retirement of two generating units at Meredosia Power Plant, which reduced third quarter 2009 GAAP earnings by $0.06 per share. Cost of the Illinois electric rate relief settlement agreement and the net effects of mark-to-market were also excluded from core earnings in the year ago quarter. Continuing with the third quarter reconciliation on slide six, the Missouri electric rate increase, which took effect March 1, 2009 raised third quarter 2009 earnings we $0.16 per share net of amortization compared to the third quarter of 2008. The net increase in Illinois electric and natural gas delivery service rates effective October 1, 2008 boosted third quarter 2009 earnings by $0.14 per share compared to the year ago quarter. The effect of seasonally redesigned gas distribution rates in Illinois, which we have discussed with you in previous quarters increased earnings by $0.04 per share compared to the prior year period. The redesign which was effective October 1, 2008, reduces the sensitivity of our Ameren Illinois utilities gas margins to volume metric changes. It is expected to have no net impact on full year 2009 results, with the first quarter 2009 earnings decline offset by higher earnings in the second exam third quarters of 2009. We estimate cooler summer weather reduced earnings by $0.12 per share, compare to the year ago quarter and by $0.16 versus to normal. Moving on to the next line in our third quarters earnings reconciliation, reduced sales to Noranda Aluminum lowered third quarter 2009 earnings by $0.03 per share versus the year ago quarter. Other electric and gas margins for regulated utility operations, excluding the impact of rate adjustments, weather and the lost Noranda sales, decreased earnings by $0.03 per share. Other electric margins for the Merchant Generation business, decreased by $0.07 per share in the third quarter of 2009, this decline was the result of weaker power prices and higher fuel and related transportation prig prices. The next three lines on our reconciliation combined to reduce third quarter 2009 earnings by $0.02 per share, primarily reflecting higher depreciation and amortization as a result of net additions to plant. Financing costs and dilution reduced third quarter 2009 earnings by a combined $0.12 per share as compared to the third quarter of 2008. Of the $0.12, $0.08 of the reduction was due to higher financing costs and $0.04 was the result of an increased average number of common shares outstanding. Shifting now the other taxes line on the reconciliation, higher property taxes reduced third quarter 2009 earnings per share by $0.02 versus the year ago period. Finally, the net impact of other items including lower bad debt expenses and lowers other operations in maintenance expenses, increased third quarter 2009 earnings per share by $0.06 per share as compared to the third quarter of 2008. Moving onto our 2009 earnings guidance reconciliation on slide 7, as Tom stated, we are narrowing our 2009 core earnings guidance range to $2.70 to $2.90 from our prior range of $2.70 to $3.05 per share. Our new core earnings guidance reflects the effects of much cooler than normal third quarter weather, reduced sales expectations due to continued weak economic conditions, reduced merchant generation margins, and dilution from our September 2009 common equity offering. The impact of these factors is partially offset by reduced operating and interest expenses as compared to our prior guidance. As we have said previously, the earnings guidance reconciliation line items are not meant to be pinpoint estimates of the noted earnings drivers. Instead, actual results are expected to be in a range around these estimates. Our 2009 GAAP earnings guidance includes an estimated $0.07 per share negative impact of the Illinois comprehensive electric rate relief and customer assistance settlement agreement and an estimated $0.06 per share negative impact from the cost of employee separation programs and generating unit retirements, which were recorded in the third quarter. Any net unrealized mark-to-market gains or losses will affect GAAP earnings, but are excluded from 2009 GAAP and core earnings guidance, because the company is unable to reasonably estimate the impact of any such gains or losses. We expect our 2009 GAAP earnings will be in the range of $2.57 to $2.77 per share as compared to the prior range of $2.63 to $2.98. Ameren’s earnings guidance for 2009, assumes normal weather for the balance of the year and is subject to among other things regulatory decisions and legislative actions, plant operation, energy and capital and credit market conditions, economic conditions, severe storms, unusual or otherwise unexpected gains or losses, and other risks and uncertainties outlined or referred today in the forward-looking statements section of our press release. At Ameren, we have demonstrated our commitment to maintaining and enhancing our financial strength, liquidity position and earnings with the series of specific and proactive actions. A recent action on this front is the September public issuance of common shares, raising net proceeds of $535 million. The entire proceeds from this equity issuance were invested in our regulated utilities in late September, with $436 million going into AmerenUE, $13 million into AmerenCIPS, $25 million going into AmerenCILCO and $61 million going into AmerenIP. These equity infusions support our credit metrics, rating objectives and operational goals. The funds are expected to earn regulated returns as they are recognized in rates. As Tom stated, our management team is focused on narrowing the gap between our earned and allowed returns at regulated utilities and positioning our merchant generation business to weather current power market and benefit from an expected eventual recovery. We look forward to meeting with many of you at DEI financial conference in Florida next week. This completes our prepared remarks. We will now be happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions)Your first question comes from Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Can you talk about come in the fourth quarter, I mean if hedges back in year fourth quarter guidance, can you talk about the rate, how the rate redesign items impact fourth quarter of ‘09 versus fourth quarter of ‘08?
Marty Lyons: I think if you take a look at our year-to-date results as well as the guidance that we have provided and take a look at the balance of the year, I think you will find that as compared to last year’s say core earnings we expect to be down about $0.10 versus the prior year core net. This is driven we positive impacts of the Missouri rate case of course which happened in March as well as the lack of a Callaway refueling outage which is having a positive impact year-over-year in the fourth quarter, both in terms of O&M costs which are reduced as well as the net fuel costs, you will recall last year we cannot have a fuel adjustment cost in Missouri, which meant that when the Callaway plant went down we had fewer megawatt hours to sale, and therefore higher fuel costs and less off system sales. This year we will recognize in our cost of fuel will be the net base fuel cost that are reflected in the fuel adjustment cost we received earlier this year. So, that’s expected to have a net positive in the fourth quarter. We think those positives will be offset by higher distribution system expenses, higher taxes in the fourth quarter, as well as lower merchant margins and higher financing costs including dilution. So, that’s sort of a summary of what we’re expecting in the fourth quarter versus last year.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: One thick, what are you seeing and what kind of changes on the merchant side of you seen between basis differentials between your plants and kind of the hub.
Tom Voss: I think what we saw earlier this year was that, we were seeing basis differentials that were sort of, I would say 4% to 7% range between our generation and hub. We saw sort of those trends higher in the summer and then kind of drop off a little bit as we got into July and August. In September, they rose a bit again and frankly as a result of that, we reflected a little bit higher basis differential in our forecast for the remainder of the year, but it really as you think about that, the basis differential only really impacts us in a bit of a limited way.  Depending upon which of our plants you are looking at for example our EEI job a plant, the basis differential there between there and synergy is a little bit lower than you see with respect to some of our other generation and then our other generation depending upon how it is hedged we may not see as much basis differential. For example, if the hedge has a settlement at a node that’s on top of our generation, then you’re not going to see a basis differential. It’s only if you get a hedge for that generation that that’s in hub. So, I keep that in mind as you think about the basis differentials.
Operator: Your final question comes from Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Just wondering, have you gotten the staff positions yet on Illinois and Missouri cases?
Marty Lyons: We have received a staff position in Illinois, but staff position in the Missouri case is not due until December.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: So what’s in Illinois, what’s their position and what are the primary drivers of the difference between your request and what they’re recommending?
Marty Lyons: The staff position in Illinois came in at $45 million, and there are a number of drivers to that. One of which is, return on equity where they recommended lower returns on equity. They’ve also normalized a number of expense items and lowered those as well as suggested that certain of the pro forma additions in costs that we recommended be included in rates, be excluded from the overall rate increase.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: How much is due to the lower ROE?
Marty Lyons: The lower ROE versus our Rebuttal case is about $35 million of the overall difference.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: I was curious on the voluntary and involuntary separations, how many positions are you looking for in total and how is that versus what you’re seeing so far in the voluntary program?
Marty Lyons: In terms of the voluntary program, that the program has been completed. We offered it to over 300 employees, and we had about 100 employees except that program. As Tom mentioned, we’ve also reduced positions in our merchant business between 140 and 150 positions. As Tom mentioned in the early November timeframe, we’ll be also implementing some involuntary reduction measures as well.
Dan Jenkins - State of Wisconsin Investment Board: What’s the total amount you’re looking to save through those programs?
Marty Lyons: The target is really is more about the involuntary about making our organization better and more effective. It will be probably somewhere between 50 and 100 reductions.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, there are no further questions at this time. I will turn the conference back to management for closing comments. Thank you.
Doug Fischer: Thank you for participating in this call. Let me remind you again, that this call will be available through November 6, on playback, and for one year on our website. The announcement carries instructions on listening to the playback. You may also call the contacts listed on our news release. Financial analysts, enquiry should be directed to me, Dough Fischer, media should contact Susan Gallagher. My number and Susan’s contact numbers are on the news release. Again thanks for your interest in Ameren.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this does conclude today’s teleconference. You may disconnect your lines at this time. Thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q2  (2009-08-06 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Greetings ladies and gentlemen, and welcome to the Ameren Corporation 2009 Second Quarter Earnings Call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. A question-and-answer session will follow the formal presentation. (Operator Instructions). As a reminder this conference is being recorded It is now my pleasure to introduce your host Mr. Douglas Fischer, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. Thank you Mr. Fischer, you may begin.
Douglas Fischer: Thank you, Claudia and good morning. I'm Doug Fischer, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today is our President and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Voss; our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Marty Lyons, and other members of the Ameren team -- management team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call will be available by telephone for one week to anyone who wishes to hear it by dialing a playback number. The announcement you received in our news release carry instructions on replaying the call by telephone. This call is also being broadcast live on the Internet and the webcast will be available for one year on our website www.ameren.com. This call contains time sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast. Redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. I also need to let you know that comments made on this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives events, conditions and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. For additional information concerning these factors, we ask you to read the forward-looking statements section in the news release we issued today and the forward-looking statements and risk factors sections in our periodic filings with the SEC. To assist in our call this morning, we have posted presentation slides on our website that we will refer to during this call. To access this presentation, you may look in the investors' section of our website under presentations and follow the appropriate link. Turning to slide three, Tom will begin this call with an overview of second quarter 2009 earnings, and 2009 earnings guidance followed by a discussion of our plans for positioning Ameren for long term success. Marty will follow with a more detailed discussion of our second quarter 2009 financial results, our 2009 earnings guidance and commentary on key financial drivers for 2010 and beyond. We will then open the call for question. Here's Tom.
Thomas R. Voss: Thanks, Doug. Good morning all and thank you for joining us. Moving to slide four of the presentation on our website, I'm pleased to report that this morning we released second quarter 2009 non-GAAP of core earnings per share of $0.75, an increase from the $0.67 per share of core earnings we posted in the same period a year ago. This is also inline with our expectations. The increase in core earnings per share in the second quarter of 2009 over the same period in 2008 was principally because of new utility services rates in Illinois and Missouri, as well as lower plant operations and maintenance expenses and vulnerable weather. The favorable earnings impact of these factors was reduced by higher net fuel cost, reduced sales to industrial customers including sales to Noranda Aluminum, higher storm repair cost, and higher depreciation in financing cost. In addition core and GAAP quarter-to-quarter comparisons were negatively impact, as result of income recognized in the second quarter of 2008 related to the termination of a coal contract during that period. Turning now to slide five, and I'm also pleased to announce the company's strong operating performance allows us to reaffirm our core 2009 earnings guidance of $2.70 to $3.05 per share. Break relief, cost control and actions taken reduced our exposure to price fluctuations in the wholesale energy markets are helping us weather the difficult economic and market conditions that are affecting our industry and the entire country. Marty will provide more details on second quarter earnings in our reaffirmed guidance in his remarks. As most of you likely know I assumed the post of President and Chief Executive Officer of Ameren on May 1st of this year. I immediately engaged our management team in an ongoing strategic planning effort to ensure that our company is positioned for a long term success. Moving to slide six, today we will share some of the opportunities we have identified to improve our financial strength and flexibility over the coming years not only to weather the current economic and related power market challenges, but to position our company for perspective earnings growth. Presently our regulated utility business is earning well below their allowed rates of return, largely as a result of regulatory lag associated with investments in utility infrastructure to improve customer service, as well as higher operating and financing cost and lower customer demand. Industrial demand has fallen considerably over the past 12 months, while residential and commercial demand has been relatively stable. As you know last fall, we identified cost control measures in our regulated businesses designed to reduce 2008 and 2009 capital and operating expenses, as compared to prior plans and we took action to reduce such cost by 350 million to $400 million. Now through our recent planning efforts, we have identified further possible opportunities to tighten our belts in 2010 and beyond for the good of all stakeholders. These opportunities include reductions of both planned capital expenditures and in operations and maintenance expenses across our organization. We are carefully evaluating these opportunities which will help lessen the impact of expected future cost increases on our customers while strengthening the financial profiles of the regulated utilities. However we will not reduce cost to a level that would prevent us from providing safe and reliable service. In addition to identifying further possible opportunities to control cost, we have recently filed rate increase request in both of our state jurisdictions. These total over $600 million. The rate request reflect our need to recover the significant investments we have made in utility infrastructure to improve reliability, increases in cost associated to generating and delivering electricity, higher financing cost and in Missouri, rising net fuel costs. We are very aware that this is a difficult time for our customers to face the prospect of higher utility rate. However current rate levels in both Illinois and Missouri are simply not adequate to earn reasonable returns in these businesses and produce the cash flows needed to maintain sound financial health. Adequate returns on investment are essential to our ability to attract the capital needed to continue to make investments required for reliability and environment controls among other things. Turning to our non-rate regulated generation business segment which we now call our merchant generation segment on slide seven. First I would like to say that our merchant generation assets are highly competitive and are very well positioned on the dispatch curve. Our proactive forward sales of expected generation is protecting 2009 earnings in the sharp drop in market prices for power. Further we have hedged a substantial portion of our 2010 and 2011 forecasted generation. However recent prices for electricity for 2010 and 2011 are lower than the prices we are realizing in 2009, power that we have locked into our 2010 and 2011 forward sales. These lower power prices are very much link to weak economic conditions which are reducing the demand for power and other energy commodity. We believe that when the economy recovers, these prices will rise. Nonetheless, we're positioning our merchant generation business to operate in this lower power price environment. We instituted aggressive cost control measures last fall to reduce 2008 and 2009 capital and operating expenditures as compared to prior plans and we took action to reduce cost by 400 million to $450 million. This was achieved through both spending cuts and deferrals. This bring the Illinois Pollution Control Board and subsequently the Illinois Joint Committee on Administrative Rules, reviewed and approved amendments to the Illinois multi-pollutant standard or MPS. These rule changes which are now final allows defer to subsequent years approximately $300 million of merchant generation capital expenditures, originally planned for the 2009 to 2011 timeframe. We have now analyzed further our plans for 2010 to 2013 and put in place significant, additional spending reductions. Including the MPS rule changes, approximately $1 billion of capital expenditure reductions have been made from our previous 2010 to 2013 estimates. These reductions will be achieved by eliminating virtually all capital expenditures other than mandatory environmental and maintenance type projects. While we cannot expect to realize the efficiencies that may have otherwise resulted from the expenditures we have eliminated we do not believe such expenditures are cost justified in the current power market and credit environment. However, as a result of eliminating these capital expenditures we expect to reduce scheduled outage time to more than compensate for increased and unplanned outages and this should improve the net availability of our core base load power plants. In addition, we're also right-sizing our support organization for the merchant generation business. On July 22, we announced a reduction of 55 positions in its business support organization. We're also continuing to evaluate the current economics of our small non-core generating facilities which we do not currently expect to sell. Presently we are considering alternative operating modes for these small plants to improve their profitability. It is our expectation that actions we are taking to address cost in this business segment will result in 2010 non fuel operations and maintenance cost that are meaningfully lower than 2008 levels. Moving to slide 8 at Ameren we understand that financial strength and flexibility is critical at all times but especially in the current environment. I believe that we continue to demonstrate our commitment to maintaining and enhancing Ameren's financial strength, credit quality and earnings with a series of concrete and aggressive actions. We're convinced that these actions will benefit both our investors and our customers. In February of this year our Board of Directors reduced our common stock dividend to strengthen our financial flexibility and free up approximately $215 million annually for reinvestment into our businesses. In June we renewed our credit facilities providing Ameren in each of our business segments with substantial borrowing capacity through mid 2011. In June and July we filed rate increase request in our Illinois and Missouri utility jurisdictions respectively. Further, we have identified approximately $2 billion of potential opportunities to reduce planned capital expenditures for 2010 to 2013 as compared to earlier plans which should substantially improve our cash flows. We are also looking carefully at planned operations and maintenance expenditures across our organization. We are especially focused on our merchant generation business but we know that it’s appropriate to tighten our belt across the company. Finally, we still see growth in our regulated businesses through investing to support customer needs and closing the gap in regulatory lag. And we see growth in the merchant generation business through recovery in power prices and related higher sales levels. I will now turn the call over to Marty to walk you through the details of our second quarter 2009 earnings, review our full year 2009 earnings guidance, provide more color on the cost control opportunities we have identified and discuss key earning drivers for 2010 and 2011.
Martin J. Lyons: Thanks Tom. Turning to slide 10, I direct you to the Q2 column which reconciles second quarter 2008 earnings to second quarter 2009 earnings. As Tom mentioned, our Q2 results were in line with our expectation. Second quarter 2009 net income in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles was $165 million or $0.77 per share, compared to second quarter 2008 GAAP net income of 206 million or $0.98 per share. Excluding certain items in each year Ameren recorded second quarter 2009 core net income of $161 million of $0.75 per share, compared with second quarter 2008 core net income of 142 million or $0.67 per share. There are two items in the second quarter of 2009 that we have excluded from our core earnings. These items are the net costs associated with the Illinois comprehensive electric rate release and customer assistance settlement agreement reached to 2007, which reduced the second quarter 2009 GAAP earnings by $0.02 per share and the net effects of mark-to-market activities which increased second quarter 2009 GAAP earnings by $0.04 per share. These items were also excluded in the prior year. In addition in 2008, we excluded the benefit of the Missouri storm related accounting order and the out of period benefit of our coal contract settlement. You may recall that the coal contract settlement had two parts; one which reimbursed us for higher expected cost in 2009, which was excluded from our core earnings and the other part which reimbursed us for higher cost in 2008. The 2008 portion was considered core, since we did incur those higher costs throughout 2008. However the receipt the benefit in Q2 2008 does affect quarterly comparisons. Continuing with the second quarter reconciliation on slide ten, the Missouri electric rate increase which took effect March 1, 2009, raised second quarter 2009 earnings by $0.12 per share, net of amortization compared to the second quarter of 2008. The net increase in Illinois electric and natural gas delivery services rates effective October 1, 2008, boosted second quarter 2009 earnings by $0.14 per share compared to the second quarter of 2008. We estimate normal weather boosted earnings by $0.07 per share compared to the year ago quarter and by $0.09 per share versus normal. Cooling degree days in the second quarter of 2009 were 23% greater than in the corresponding period in 2008. Moving to the next line, in our second quarter earnings reconciliation, reduced sales in Noranda aluminum lowered second quarter 2009 earnings by $0.03 per share versus the year ago quarter. You may recall that Noranda's aluminum plant sustained damage because of the power interruption on non Ameren owned lines this past January. Other electric and gas margins for regulated utility operation excluding the impact of weather and the lost Noranda sale decreased earnings by $0.20 per share. Of this decrease $0.14 per share was a result of higher net fuel cost at AmerenUE as compared to the year ago period. These higher net fuel costs were reflected in the rate increase we received in Missouri this past March. Although the timing of the receipt of the increase in revenues does not exactly match the increase in net fuel cost by quarter. We expect the increase in revenues to exceed the net fuel cost to increase in the second half of the year due to this timing. The remaining $0.06 per share decline in other electric and gas margins and our regulated operations principally reflects a decline in weather normalize sales reducing earnings by $0.04 per share. Regulated industrial electric sales decreased by 13% in the second quarter of 2009, compared to the second quarter of 2008 excluding sales to Noranda. This decrease in industrial sales had a modest impact on earnings because of the loan margins on these sales and fixed demand charges. Next on the quarterly earnings reconciliation is the earnings impact of the absence of the year ago 2008 portion of a lump sum payment from a coal supplier that I previously mentioned. Again the full benefit of this settlement was reflected in Q2 2008, while the costs were incurred throughout the year. Other electric margins for the Merchant Generation business increased by $0.05 per share in the second quarter of 2009, as a result of higher realized revenues per megawatt hour partly offset by higher fuel and related transportation cost. This benefit reflects the sales prices we locked in when power prices were higher. Plant operations and maintenance expenses were $0.10 per share less in the second quarter of 2009 versus the second quarter of 2008. Primarily because of reduced scheduled planned outages. The remaining six lines on the reconciliation combined to reduce second quarter 2009 earnings by $0.08 per share, primarily reflecting higher depreciation expense on increased plant investment and higher financing cost offset in-part by lower bad debt expenses and lower non-plant O&M expense. Moving on to our 2009 earnings guidance on slide 11. Tom stated that we are reaffirming our core earnings guidance range for 2009 of $2.70 to $3.05 per share. As you know, these line items are not meant to be pin point estimates but instead the estimated impacts to various earnings drivers. Actual results are expected to be in a range around these estimates. While the 2009 earnings per share guidance is unchanged, we've updated a few line items of the reconciliation. Notable updates include a reduction in our expectation of regulated electric and gas margins by approximately $0.07 per share to reflect expected reduced customer demand, and increase in expected distribution system reliability expenditures due in part to storm related expenditures and offsetting decrease and expected other operations and maintenance costs including bad debt expenses due to cost control measures and recent Illinois legislation authorizing a bad debt rider among other things. I'd also note that in the weather Line item, we have included an estimates of the impact of mild weather condition in our service territory during July. Our 2009 GAAP earnings guidance includes the estimated $0.07 per share negative impact of the Illinois comprehensive electric rate relief and customer assistance settlement agreement. Any net unrealized mark-to-market activity will impact GAAP earning, but it’s excluded from our GAAP and core earnings guidance because the company is unable to reasonably estimate the impact of any such gains and losses due to the volatility of market. We expect our 2009 GAAP earnings will be in the range of $2.63 to $2.98 per share. Our segment contributions have also been updated and reflect the items I just mentioned. Ameren's earnings guidance for 2009 seems a normal weather from August through the balance of the year and are subject among other things, regulatory decisions and legislative actions, plant operations, energy and capital and credit market condition, economic conditions, severe storms, unusual or otherwise unexpected gains or losses and other risks and uncertainties outlined or referred to in the forward-looking statements section of our press release today. Turning to 2010 and beyond, Tom discussed the actions we are taking to successfully position Ameren for the current environment as well as future economic recovery. I'll provide a little more detail on some of these of items, as well the traditional drivers of our earnings in cash flow. As mentioned earlier we recently filed rate increase request totaling over 600 million in both Illinois and Missouri. The outcome of these rate case will obviously be key drivers of our financial results beginning in mid-2010. Slide 12 outlines key aspects of our Illinois electric and gas delivery rate request. You can read the details on the slide so I am not going to go through all of it. A couple of things I would highlight. We are sensitive to the impact the increase will have on our customers. Coincidentally the recently completed and successful Illinois power agency procurement process resulted in $100 decline in annual electric rate for a typical residential customer, which would offset the electric delivery rate increase we are expecting for such customer. As part of continuing effort to reduce the sensitivity of revenues to volumetric fluctuations we have requested that regulators approve moving more of the electric delivery charges into fixed monthly rate, similar to the gas rate redesigned change approved by the Illinois Commerce Commission in 2008. The Illinois Commerce Commission is required to issue a rate decision in 11 month and new rates are expected to be effective in May 2010. Slide 13 outlines key of our Missouri rate increase request. I would highlight that the request includes approximately 227 million of anticipated increases in normalized net fuel cost. These costs would have been eligible for recovery through the fuel adjustment log. AmerenUE's filing also includes for the first time a request for interim rate relief which if approved would place into effect of approximately 37 million annually of the requested increase on October 1, 2009 subject to refund with interest based on the final outcome of rate proceeding. The amount of this interim increase request reflects revenue requirement associated with rate base addition made between October 2008 and May of 2009. As part of this filing the company also requested that Missouri Public Service Commission approve the implementation of and Environmental Cost Recovery Mechanism or ECRM and the continued use of the Fuel Adjustment Clause or FAC that the commission authorized in January 2009 order. The ECRM if approved will allow AmerenUE to adjust electric rates up to two times per year outside of general rate proceedings to reflect changes in its prudently incurred cost to comply with federal, state or local environmental laws, regulations or rules above or below the amount that in base rate. ECRM rate adjustments are limited to no more than an annual amount equal to 2.5% of UE's gross jurisdictional electric revenue. Further, the company filed for approval to revive the tariff for Noranda Aluminum, AmerenUE's largest electric customer, to prospectively address the significant lost revenue that UE can experience due to Noranda's operational issues at its smelter plant. A storm cost tracker was also requested. The Missouri Public Service Commission is required to issue a rate decision in 11 months and new rates are expected to be effective in June 2010. Now let's move to a discussion of our merchant generation business and the outlook for key drivers of revenues and expenses. For revenue drivers, please turn to slide 14. We have significant hedges in place for 2010 and 2011 and power prices well above the current market. For 2010, we have hedged approximately 23 million megawatt hours of our forecasted generation sales at an average price of $48 per megawatt hour. For 2011, we have hedged approximately 15 million megawatt hours of our forecasted generation sales at an average price of $51 per megawatt hour. Slide 14 also provides an update on our hedged capacity sales. As you can see, our capacity sales are approximately 70% hedged to 2010 and approximately 40% hedged in 2011. As noted a significant portion of our hedged capacity sales reflect capacity embedded in full requirements contracts. The revenue from these embedded capacity sales is reflected in the prices we provided for hedged power sales. Already hedged capacity only revenues are expected to be approximately 60 million in 2010 and approximately 45 million in 2011. Of course we have additional capacity available for sale, that is expected to add to these revenues. To assist you in understanding our Merchant Generation Segment's earnings potential, we've provided a pie chart that breaks down our forecasted 2009 merchant revenue by type. Turning to slide 15. Actual generation levels in 2010 and 2011 will be significantly impacted by market prices for Power in those years among other things. With very few scheduled outages for 2010 and 2011, we expect to have available generation of 35 million megawatt hours in each year. Now turning to slide 16, in our Merchant Generations segments fuel and related transportations hedges. As you see on this slide we are well hedged for 2010 and 2011. Our hedge costs are increasing from average cost of about $20.50 per megawatt hour in 2009 to approximately $23.50 per megawatt hour in 2010 and $26 per megawatt hour in 2011.Similalry to our previous slide dealing with Merchant Generation revenues, we have a pie chart that breaks down forecasted 2009 all in fuel cost to provide a perspective on how each component contribute to our overall cost. On slide 17 we summarize our plans to further total Ameren capital expenditures from our prior disclosures. As previous stated in total we have identified approximately 2 billion of opportunities to reduce Ameren's consolidated planned capital expenditures for 2010 through 2013 as compared to earlier plans. This amount includes approximately one billion of planned capital expenditure reductions in our Merchant Generation business for this period. In our regulated business, we have identified approximately one billion of potential reduction and are carefully evaluating in which project may get eliminated or differed. On slide 18, we provide a little more detail specific to our Merchant Generation business's new annual capital expenditure plan through 2013. Moving to slide 19, we outline our targets for further non-fuel operations and maintenance cost management. In 2010 we expect a 5 to 10% decline in non-fuel O&M as compared to 2008 levels. Our regulated businesses are also carefully evaluated on opportunities to reduce 2010 non-fuel operations and maintenance expenses to a level that is currently expected to be close to 2008 level. Planned and potential cost containment actions include reduced scheduled merchant power plant averages, wage and workforce reductions, and other cost reduction in business support function. Turning now to slide 20. As Tom discussed earlier, we have successfully renewed our credit facility completing new multi-year agreements with a large and diverse group of lenders providing Ameren and its operating units with substantial liquidity. The extended the new facility cumulatively provide 2.1 billion of credit through July 14, 2010 reducing to approximately 1.9 billion through June 30, 2011. As shown on slide 21 our net available liquidity remained strong standing at approximately $1.4 billion on June 30, 2009. All of the actions we have taken not only demonstrate our commitment to credit quality but also position us for long term growth. These actions are summarized on slide 22. We continue to target BBB flat and BAA2 Ameren Corporation issuer rating and solid investment grade credit rating in all of our rated Ameren companies. Even with the potential of reduction in capital expenditures as compared to prior plan we continue to make meaningful investments in our regulated businesses. As we have said in the past we intend to finance those investments with a blend of equity and debt so that we remain -- so that we maintain solid capital structures at our regulated businesses at approximately 50 to 55% equity. Summing up our second quarter earnings were in line with our expectations we have affirmed our 2009 earnings guidance we are working aggressively to position Ameren for long term success and we remain committed in maintaining and enhancing Ameren's financial strength credit quality and earnings. We will now be happy to take yours.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator Instructions). Our first question is coming from Greg Gordon with Morgan Stanley. Please state your question.
Greg Gordon: Thank you, good morning.
Thomas Voss: Good morning Greg.
Greg Gordon: As I look at the slide 16 as compare to slide 14. You're basically telling us that your hedges are sort of matched up in '09, you're a bit longer on coal than you are on what you've hedged in '10 and also but shorter on call relative to what you have hedged in '11 is that the right interpretation?
Martin Lyons: Greg this is Marty. Yeah I think that is the right interpretation. As you look at slide 14 and you look at the megawatt hours that are hedged, you see there the 23 million megawatt hours of hedged power and as you say in 2010 in terms of fuel hedges about 29. So you're right a little longer on the coal side in 10. And then 2011, about 15 million megawatt hour is hedged on the coal side. But that matches up with 2011 power hedge is about 15 million.
Greg Gordon: Just to be sure I'm reading the foot note on page 16 correctly, these are all in delivered costs per megawatt hours including rail?
Martin Lyons: That's correct.
Greg Gordon: Great. Thank you.
Martin Lyons: Thank you Greg.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc Capital.
Paul Ridzon: How should we think about -- looks sounds as if the coal plans sales are after table but we got significant CapEx reductions. When do you envision the timing of potential equity financing?
Martin Lyons: Paul this is Marty. Yeah in terms of our overall plans obviously throughout this year we've really taken some aggressive actions as you can say to reduce our capital expenditures really twice going back to last year and when again now. We've also as you know reduced the dividend earlier this year and all of those actions are going to reduce our need to access the capital markets as well as enhance our credit profile. That said as we look out to the future as I mentioned earlier in my talking points we do seek to maintain cash structures in our regulatory businesses in the range of 50 to 55% has been a target of ours. We're also targeting and maintaining investment grade credit ratings. And so as we think about the future, obviously a lot of things are changing. A lot of things have changed I should say in terms of the economy, power prices, capital markets and our business plans are changing as well as. And so as we look out in the future, we're going to be evaluating our financing plans and the timing of both debt and equity offerings. As we said in past, as we make investments in our business over the long term, we're certainly anticipating the need for both debt and equity offerings to finance our business.
Paul Ridzon: Okay, thank you.
Martin Lyons: You’re welcome.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Paul Patterson with Glenrock Associates. Please state your question.
Paul Patterson: Hi guys. Can you hear me?
Martin Lyons: Yes Paul.
Paul Patterson: The O&M reductions for 2008 in the merchant side I mean for 2010 prior to 10%, can you just give us an idea about quantitatively what that number is? And also on the fuel cost in the open position, how do those look compared to what you've actually hedged at, when you look at the four group delivering power besides coal to your plant?
Martin Lyons: Yes. Paul, this is Marty. On the first question, I don't think I have the exact dollar amount in terms of overall. What we tried Paul was quantify that was about 5 to 10% below the 2008 level. So you can go back and take a look at what those levels were and Paul could your repeat your second question?
Paul Patterson: The second question was on the fuel cost. When we look at slide 16 in terms of the open position that you guys have in -- is more 11 than in 10. What are you guys looking at in terms of what the market prices out there for the coal versus what you got hedged. You got hedged at $26 a megawatt hour and 23.50 for 2010. Where do those and how are those compared to the market prices that are out there?
Martin Lyons: Yeah. You know, Paul I think as you look at those market prices obviously the stock price of the coal has been lower. But in terms of the long term contracts often times they don't match exactly with the spot prices are. I would generally expect -- well I probably wouldn't want to venture it against on that we may want to get back to you on that.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And the nature of the merchant CapEx reduction other than then stuff that you guys have previously identified? What's helping you out there with all that CapEx reduction, what is it that you guys are doing?
Martin Lyons: Yeah Paul, this is Marty again. We have with us this morning Chuck Naslund who is the President of that business and I'll let him address those capital expenditure reduction.
Charles Naslund: Yes good morning Paul. The CapEx reduction were all related to our planned, capacity additions to our existing units here in the next five years and such things in the turbine upgrade and then boiler upgrade to support those turbine upgrade. And those plans were put in the place back during the time period where the core market price supported those investments and obviously with the significant clients didn't make through the containment of that plan of that plan also all of those projects were better removed from the budget and that's where all of those reductions come from.
Paul Patterson: Okay would that indicate that you guys looking at a less robust with going forward. I mean clearly we have at least temporary depression here or recession. I mean it looked like you guys are more cautious about the long term outlook for power plant?
Charles Naslund: No I would not say that, I would say that just for the reality of the moment is that we have to make prudent investment. It wouldn't be prudent at this time to spend that money given the market price is where they're at today, being in the commodity business we are in. Also I would touch on your previous question you asked the level of reduction are in for Merchant business, basically approximately 355 million in '09 down to 315 and $0.20. So about 40 million reduction.
Paul Patterson: Thank you very much.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs.
Michael Lapides: Hi guys question for you. In the CapEx reductions on the regulated site of the business. Can you give just any flavor or color in terms of where that's actually occurring and is it major projects moving around or moving out or is it just lots of smaller ones?
Martin Lyons: Yes, good morning Michael, this is Marty. Also fortuned to have with me here today Warner Baxter who, you know is the Head of Union Electric Operations. I'll let him touch on the on that question from UE perspective.
Warner Baxter: Good morning Michael, how are you?
Michael Lapides: Yes I'm fine. How are you Warner?
Warner Baxter: I'm great thanks. There are several things that they were looking at in terms of those capital expenditure reductions. One thing that we are looking at relates to some of our environmental projects. We believe obviously with some of the in the rules that we have the opportunity to move some of those around. Especially in light of the fact that we are going to be installing scrubber at our plant. And that going in 2010 and the couple of that with our strong bank of allowances, we have the opportunity to move some of those projects around. Second things that we are looking at as you know that we had some expenditures in our forecast associated with our potential second nuclear unit at Calloway, things for like the color and those types of things. Those clearly are now -- have been eliminated and it can be taken out. Things then beyond that include things like -- excuse me IT projects. But also carefully assessing some of the plans, plans that we have associated with some of our power plants, as well as some of the other projects that we have throughout our operations. We are going to continue to carefully assess those to see what flexible we have around that.
Michael Lapides: Got it and a follow up on the non-regulated side generation to megawatt hours. The 35 million is that an availability or is that an expected output for the -- future years?
Martin Lyons: Yeah Michael this is Marty. That 35 million is an availability number for the next couple of years.
Michael Lapides: Okay, thank you.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Dan Jenkins with State of Wisconsin Investment Board.
Dan Jenkins: Hi good morning
Thomas Voss: Good morning.
Dan Jenkins: I have a few questions related to slide 13 on your Missouri rate case. You are filing for a number of riders, the CCRM and then you mentioned also I think of storm cause tracker and pension OPEB tracker. I was curious, are any of those authorized in the legislation or have they approved those type of writers for other utilities in the Missouri or are these kind of first time proposals.
Martin Lyons: Yeah I think the answer to your question there is your question I believe is have all of those been authorized by the legislature and in fact they have been. We actually have been using for a couple of after last of couple of rate cases the pension and OPEB cost tracker. We also did get in the large rate case, the vegetation management tracker and we had legislation a couple of years ago at the time when the legislature authorized these fuel adjustment clause. They at that time also authorized the ability to put in place environmental cost recovery mechanisms such as that one that we're seeking to utilize as part of this rate case.
Dan Jenkins: Has the commission completed the rule making related to that? I know they took a while to complete the rule making for the fuel cost I know?
Martin Lyons: Yes your recollection is correct but they have completed that rule making.
Dan Jenkins: Okay. Have they approved that for any other of the utilities in this area or will this be kind of a first time to look at it?
Martin Lyons: No. I think this is the first time that the commission will have an opportunity to look at this.
Dan Jenkins: Okay, thank you.
Martin Lyons: Thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Raymond Lowe (ph) with Goldman Sachs. Please state your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi, guys. Can you talk a little bit about your debt financing plans. Looks like you have about a $1 billion as your short-term debt and there's been some movement in your CapEx. I think previously you indicated that you needed to do about 600 million at the Genco (ph) and IT initiatives three to 400 million can you just refresh us on that?
Thomas Voss: Yeah, as I said before, I think in terms of our overall financing plans, we're going to take a fresh look at those. Obviously we've been through a significant business planning process and obviously reduced CapEx materially in our merchant generation business and we're also we've identified opportunities and we're looking carefully after some of those opportunities in regulatory business. And as we look at those and -- we'll also be thinking about what the appropriate financing plans are going forward.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay and just a follow up on Michaels question about availability number ratio? Is that based up on what percentage in of availability?
Martin Lyons: I'm not sure in terms of percentage what you mean but what that is; is the 35 million that you see there is our projected availability of all of our coal fired power plans in our merchant business.
Unidentified Analyst: Assuming like a 100% availability.
Martin Lyons: Its about no, no it's about 86% overall availability.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay great thank you.
Operator: Our next question is coming from Scott Angshun with Glendale Capital Management (ph). Please state your question.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. Paul Patterson must have been looking at my notes here. Same question. I'm going to come out on them a little bit differently. First on the Merchant O&M reduction, in 2008 and Ameren energy generating O&M was a 175 million, I think there will be some O&M embedded in Steel Corp. as well as at pair in (ph) for EEEI but if I added all that up would it be a little bit south of 200 million that the ball park 2008 O&M merchant level?
Thomas Voss: Yeah it seems that I think that information is in the 10-K and 10-Q but I don't think matches up with some of the information Chuck gave a second ago. Chuck would you want to repeat that?
Charles Naslund: Yeah, I -- the number I provided was all of our EEI, O&M and all Genco O&M all together, and that number you were quoting, it was just one of those entities.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay I'm sorry and I must not have been paying attention. What did you say the total number was then?
Charles Naslund: For 2009 for all entities, it’s approximately 355 million.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay.
Charles Naslund: And in 2010, 315.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, alright thank you. I apologize.
Thomas Voss: Follow up, see if you look back at our segment disclosures that are in our 10-K, you can actually go on a column that's labeled non rate regulated generation and you can actually see the total O&M for that entire segment in there and it was about $356 million in 2008.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thanks very much. And then just the second question getting back to the open vision on the fuel hedging in '11. Without, I know you don't have a number there but you were to sort of give the assignment to your traders today to go out and hedge the fuel cost for '11, do you have a sense of whether it would be higher or lower than that $26 number you have in there right now?
Thomas Voss: Yeah. Again I decline to answer to that question, not because I didn't want to. I just don't have that information readily available.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay thanks guys. Appreciate it.
Operator: Our next question is coming from David Frank with Catapult Capital. Please state your questions.
David Frank: Hey good morning guys.
Martin Lyons: Good morning David.
David Frank: Congratulations on a good quarter here.
Martin Lyons: Oh, thank you.
David Frank: So this outlook looks much improved and I guess I mean given the tremendous reduction in CapEx, why are we even talking about issuing equity here. It would appear that if you cut it 2 billion of CapEx and you're looking at funding 50-50 debt equity, I mean I would think you just took at least 1 billion of equity off the table potentially?
Martin Lyons: Well Dave, based on the questions I got earlier it was refining to, I think that again we're looking overall at our financial plan over the next couple of years. We have obviously meaningfully reduced our capital expenditures we've also identified some further opportunities as I mentioned. Inconsistent with our past practice David, as we look at our financing we're going to try to maintain solid investment grade credit ratings. We are going to want to maintain financial strength and flexibility and make sure we have cushion for any unanticipated needs. So as we think about our business going forward we will be thinking all of those things and considering what our best alternatives are in terms of capital market issuances.
David Frank: I guess then it will be fair assumption that there is no need for equity this year next year?
Martin Lyons: David Again I guess I didn't rule anything out specifically it's more as we look ahead. We'll take a look at what our needs are and how to appropriately finance the business
David Frank: All right and Marty I know you talked about -- I think you said consolidated equity to cap of 50-50, 50-55 equity is that what you're looking at? Is that your target?
Martin Lyons: Yeah David. Over time we've talked about maintaining equity in the cap structure of the utility to 50-55% then that's been sort of the stated goal for a while now.
David Frank: And where if you would just I don't know what other internal adjustments you might make to your cap structure that I may not my end but where is your current structure at?
Martin Lyons: I think if you look at the attachment to our press release David on the last page there is some specifics and you can see that where the common equity ratios are there. And you can also take a look at the slides that we have provided on the pending Illinois and Missouri rate cases. And you can see where the equity was in the cap structure of those entities as we follow those rate cases.
David Frank: Okay so 46% so this fits...
Operator: Our next question is coming from Andrew Levy with Incremental Capital. Please state your question.
Andrew Levy: And I don't think David got to finish. I think he was probably kind of getting up a 50-55% versus your 46% so, I'd like you to answer that question. And then I'll ask my own.
Martin Lyons: I think he was probably filling in (ph) David you're out there looking -- getting cut off but not exactly sure how that transpired. But overtime I think your question about the 50 to 55% equity in cash structures. I mean that has been our goal, it remains our goal. We are not there today and as we look at our future financial projections given some of these changing business plans. We'll evaluate how we get to that 50-55%. As I mentioned earlier the reductions in the CapEx do reduce our need to access the capital markets and the dividend reductions we made over to this year does add about $220 million per year to our equity. So, we will be evaluating all those things as we look out our perspective.
Andrew Levy: Okay. Now it's my turn. I mean all of my questions are asked, but this kind of based on some of our comments, and based on some of things even David just asked; I guess it seems to me that sounds like you want to issue equity and if we kind of go in the premise cut CapEx, you've cut the dividend. Looking at some of the numbers that you have outlined and as far as you go hedged numbers and things like that. I just wonder things that I'm coming up with I was curious, where you guys have is that. It can be very challenging to maintain the current level of earnings and because of that it kind of offsets some of the CapEx savings and things like that related to equity and your equity levels plus your desire obviously the get to a higher level. Is that a fair statement that it's going to be challenging the kind of maintain current earnings level based on the current commodity environment?
Martin Lyons: I'll say, we think we have some meaningful growth drivers that we look ahead to be honest with you. Even the -- assuming that the potential reduction that we've identified in the regulated businesses or we're actually achieved, we did see meaningful growth still in our rate base and our regulated utilities. As Tom mentioned in his talking point, we also today have a gap between our earned ROEs and have allowed ROEs in both Illinois and Missouri that we're seeking to close in the rate cases that we filed, as well as through future rate cases. And through the use of some of these mechanisms that we've requested use of that allowed us to earn closer to our allowed ROE. And couple of that with the fact that we do expect to see economic recovery beginning in the later half of 2009 and into 2010 and with that we would expect to see increases in power prices which we believe will enhance the generation opportunities for our merchant business and the earnings opportunities for that merchant business. So, as we look ahead we do see a meaningful growth drivers on horizon.
Andrew Levy: And then just to understand those growth drivers are based on higher commodity prices and that are rate treatments I guess?
Martin Lyons: I think I say its fair treatment in the rate cases and again active management of our cost as we pursue our closing the gap between the earned and allowed ROEs. That's certainly a big part of it and we do believe we have generation assets in our merchant business, that are well positioned, that our competitive assets. And we do believe that with power price recovery we're positioned well to capitalize on that.
Andrew Levy: But absent on that just a kind of go back to my question was. It sounds like its gone be challenging based on the number that you have out there income grow at this point.
Martin Lyons: Again I just stated what I believe are meaningful growth drivers for our business.
Andrew Levy: Okay thank you.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Ben Sung with Luminus Management. Please state your question.
Baehyun Sung: Hey guys. Based on the chart you are detailing the cap -- the merchant CapEx. It looks as if the maintenance CapEx numbers somewhat in the neighborhood of $10 million or something fairly minimal. We recently heard different companies talk about how there's -- there is difference in the way the people look at CapEx or spending on finance whether you capitalize your spend. Is that something that's affecting that number I mean or do tend to expense more than you capitalize, just so its look like a fairly small number?
Martin Lyons: You know I -- this is Marty. I couldn't tell you in terms of our benchmarking how our capitalization policies might compare, or contrast with somebody else's capitalization policies. They are what they are and we stick to them and don't vary from them and I guess that about all I can say.
Douglas Fischer: This is Doug Fischer. I think we have time for two more questions if we're going to stick to our scheduled hour time frame.
Operator: Okay our next question is coming from Greg Gordon with Morgan Stanley. Please state your question.
Greg Gordon: Thanks. Just a follow-up guys. Just to ask you a question that relates some of this debate in the Q&A here. It would seem too clearly that you need better rate treatment, more constructive rate treatment in both states. And at the same time you'd like that the equity ratios and utilities in both those states to grow to a level that's more comparable to where you want your overall credit profile to be. But -- and that all wraps into the question of whether you need equity and how quickly you may or may not want to tap the equity markets. But aren't we putting the cart before the horse here? The regulators don't come around understanding they need you to earn a reasonable return. You should be disinvesting in these businesses, not investing in these businesses. So can you comment on how you plan for your capital, how you plan your capital deployment around and understanding that you need better rate treatment in order to support issuing equity because you're not earning reasonable returns there?
Thomas Voss: Well I appreciate the follow up question. I think as we look at the capital investments in a regulated business, I think first and foremost, we're mindful of wanting to make sure we maintain safe and reliable service. I mean fundamental to our strategy is making sure that we do the right things, make the right investments to make sure that our customer service is solid and that our customers are satisfied. We do believe that that will translate into fair outcomes in our rate cases. So as we plan our business and we look forward, certainly we look for opportunities to tighten our belts in these difficult times for our customers and all of our stakeholders, but we are going to make the investments that are necessary to make sure we maintain safe and reliable service.
Greg Gordon: But if you were to continue to already to -- despite the fact that your investing the what you need to supply reliable service you would continue to be put in a position where you were earning sub par returns. Why would you even remotely consider patenting the equity investment in those businesses and under-earn on that incremental capital?
Thomas Voss: Well I think that fundamental to having good regulatory outcome is maintaining financial strength and flexibility. We believe that that's important to all the stakeholders of our regulated business. And we really believe if you look back at the last rate cases those were constructive rate cases and we believe that if we look ahead to our future rate cases that we will be treated fairly in those rate cases that we've got pending.
Greg Gordon: Thank you I hope you're right
Thomas Voss: Thanks Greg.
Operator: Your next question is coming from Stephen Huang with Carlson Capital. Please state your question.
Stephen Huang: Hi and thanks for the call here. Just a quick question on slide 14. Can you help us understand the -- on the hedges and the pricing that you guys gave is this around the clock that hedging or you guys did a lot more peak load hedging? Can you just help us understand what's in 10-11?
Martin Lyons: I don't really have the break down I'd say on the on peak and off peak what these represent obviously is the price per mega watt hour of the those overall mega watt hours that are hedged.
Stephen Huang: Right I'm just trying to figure out because for example in 2009 going to 10, it drops like 3.5 and going into '11 drops by 8 million but you have a step up in price. I'm just trying to figure out is this, you guys are just hedging more the peak load or you guys are just doing round the clock hedging. I'm just trying to get an understanding of the balance of where this hedging is coming from?
Martin Lyons: Yeah and I'm sorry. I think may be I misunderstood your question. These are around on the clock prices, I apologize.
Stephen Huang: Okay and secondly just going to back to kind of what Dave or Frank was talking about, on talking about the rating industry I know you are on the watch with a couple of them I think. On a consolidated basis, what type of equity capital structure you're looking at versus just on a subsidiary level?
Martin Lyons: I think over time we've been targeting around that 50-50 cap structure, debt-to-equity cap structure.
Stephen Huang: Okay and the agency that are comfortable with that you know the merchant and the utility and 50-50 split on the earnings level that they're comfortable with kind of their 50 because I thought they were raising the kind of the profile -- business risk profile and the all the companies have nowadays with the merchant company as kind of the indication you got from Exxon (ph) and everybody else?
Martin Lyons: I'm not sure. I guess I understood question. Would you mind may be...rephrase?
Stephen Huang: The business risk profile I guess on merchant companies, the companies that generate large chunks of their earnings from merchant arms, but they're taking a better look in terms how they want to capitalize?
Martin Lyons: Yes that probably is the case.
Stephen Huang: Okay. And the last question I have is on your O&M cut numbers. Does that take in to account all the pension expense you going forward?
Martin Lyons: Yes. We've tried to factor in to our expectations, current estimates on prospective pension and push accounted medical expense.
Stephen Huang: Great, thank you very much.
Operator: This does bring us to the end of Q&A session. I'd like to turn the call back over to management for any closing remarks.
Douglas Fischer: Thank you for participating in this call. Let me remind you again that this call was available through August 13th on playback and for one year on our website. The announcement carries instructions on listening to the playback. You can also call the contact listed on our news release. Financial analyst should be directed to me, Doug Fischer. Media should contact Susan Gallagher. My number and Susan's contact numbers are on the news release. Again thanks for dialing in.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen this does conclude today's teleconference. You may disconnect your line at this time and we thank you for your participation.

===== 2009 Q1  (2009-05-01 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Tom Voss - Chief Executive Officer Marty Lyons - Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Jerre Birdsong - Vice President and Treasurer Bruce Steinke - Vice President and Controller Doug Fischer - Director of Investor Relations
Analysts: Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates Daniele Seitz - Seitz Research Reza Hatefi - Decade Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners  Cary St-Louis - Sidoti Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Phyllis Gray - Dwight Asset Management 
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for standing by and welcome to the Ameren Corporation 2009 earnings conference call. At this time all participants are in a listen-only mode. Later we’ll conduct a question-and-answer session and instructions will be given at that time (Operator Instructions) As a reminder this call is being recorded today, Friday, May 1, 2009. Now I’ll turn the conference over to Mr. Doug Fischer, Director of Investor Relations
Doug Fischer: Thank you and good morning. I’m Doug Fischer, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today is our President and Chief Executive Officer, Tom Voss; our Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Marty Lyons, our Vice President and Treasurer, Jerre Birdsong, our Vice President and Controller, Bruce Steinke and other members of the Ameren management team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call will be available by telephone for one week to anyone who wishes to hear it by dialing a playback number. The announcement you received in our news release carry instructions on replaying the call by telephone. This call is also being broadcast live on the Internet and the webcast will be available for one year on our website www.ameren.com. This call contains time sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date, of today’s live broadcast. Redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. I also need to let you know that comments made on this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. For additional information concerning these factors, we ask you to read the forward-looking statements section in the news release we issued today and the forward-looking statements and risk factors sections in our periodic filings with the SEC. To assist in our call this morning, we have posted presentation slides on our website that we will refer to during this call. To access this presentation, you may look in the investors’ section of our website under “presentations” and follow the links for the webcast. In March, Ameren’s Board of Directors announced several changes in Executive Management, all of which became effective today. Tom Voss has succeeded Gary Rainwater as Ameren’s President and CEO. Gary remains at Ameren as Executive Chairman; Warner Baxter who was Executive Vice President and CFO has replaced Tom as AmerenUE President and CEO, and Marty Lyons who was Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer is now Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Tom brings 40 years of experience of the company to the position of President and Chief Executive Officer. Prior to serving as President and CEO of AmerenUE, Tom served as President of a generation segment that included all non-nuclear generation in addition to energy marketing, and fuels and transportation procurement. He also previously served as Senior Vice President over the design, construction, operation and maintenance of all gas and electric delivery systems and also of all customer care activities for Ameren utility companies. Tom will begin this call with an overview of key first quarter 2009 activities and Marty will follow with a more detailed discussion of our first quarter 2009 financial results and updated 2009 earnings guidance. We will then open the call for questions. Here’s Tom. 
Tom Voss: Thanks, Doug. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I am pleased to eager this morning as Doug indicated I’ve been working at this company in my entire career. It’s a great company with excellent people focused on providing customers with outstanding service and a safe reliable, efficient and environmentally responsible manner. I believe that by maintaining that focus we can deliver solid and long term shareholder value. This morning we reported non-GAAP or core earnings per share of $0.54 in the first quarter of 2009, down from the $0.64 we earned in the same period in 2008. The decline in core earnings in the first quarter of 2009 versus the same period in 2008 was principally due to lower electric and gas sales, higher fuel and related transportation prices, the impact of a severe winter ice storm and the effect of gas rate redesign in the Illinois regulated utility segment.  These items more than offset the benefit to earnings of the new utility service rates in Illinois, effective October 1, 2008 and in Missouri, effective March 1, 2009 and other positive factors. Milder weather and the absence of a leap day in 2009 contributed to a 6% decline in kilowatthour sales to residential customers and a 2% decline in kilowatthour sales to commercial customers. Absent these factors, we estimate that first quarter residential and commercial kilowatthour sales each declined a more modest 1% versus the year ago period. The weak economy significantly impacted industrial electric sales. They declined 13% from the year-ago quarter, excluding the impact of the operating capacity at AmerenUE’s largest customer and Noranda Aluminum, smelter plant in New Madrid, Missouri. This decline is certainly significant, but it is important to keep in mind that sales to industrial customers are only 16% of AmerenUE’s and always 6% of the Ameren Illinois Utilities made of load electric revenues in 2008. Turning to full year 2009 expectations, we have updated our core earnings guidance range and now include the effects of the severe January winter ice storm. This includes an estimate of the related full year impact of the reduced electric margins, due to the loss of operating capacity at our customers Noranda Aluminum, which were excluded from our original guidance. Our revised core earnings guidance for 2009 is $2.70 to $3.05 per shares, down from our prior range of $2.75 to $3.15 per share issued in mid-February. Marty will provide more details, on our updated earnings guidance in his remarks. From an operational and regulatory perspective, there were several significant developments affecting our business in the first quarter of this year. On the plant operations front, AmerenUE’s equivalent availability for its coal-fired generating units was a solid 90% in the first quarter of 2009. AmerenUE’s Callaway nuclear unit experienced a 12 day unplanned outage in late February. At our non-regulated generation operations equivalent availability for our coal-fired units was 81% for the quarter, compared to 85% in the same period a year ago. This decline reflects a planned outage to complete insulation of a multi-pollutant control system and major maintenance at the Duck Creek power plant. The outage was very well managed, meeting our outage duration safety and cost coals. This planned outage as well as lower market prices for power and reduced generation at another of our plants due to MISO system transmission congestion issues drove year-over-year decline in generation. During the first quarter of 2009, our non-rate-regulated segment generated approximately 6.8 million megawatthours, down from the 8.2 million megawatthours produced in the year ago quarter. That said though, we continue to believe we are on target to generate approximately 30 million megawatthours during 2009. While non-rate-regulated generation volumes were down in the quarter, our electric margin was only down slightly due to proactive forward sales of 2009 generation made in prior years at higher than current market prices. Turning now to the energy delivery portion of our operations, in January 2009 our Southeast Missouri and Southern Illinois service territories were hit by a severe ice storm that caused devastating damage to our electric distribution systems. We poured substantial resources into the restoration of service, resulting in capital expenditures across our regulated utilities of approximately $75 million, as well as expenses were about $14 million. The first quarter results are active on the regulatory and legislative front beyond the Missouri radar that we discussed with you on our February 17 call. As many of you indubitably know, AmerenUE has been investing in a nuclear combined construction and operating license application, and heavy forgings for a possible second nuclear unit at our Callaway site. We have been doing this to preserve a nuclear option for meeting our customers future energy needs towards the end of the next decade. Last week, we suspended those efforts because proposed legislation that would have allowed utilities to recover financing cost from customers, while building a new plant had been stripped of the provisions we needed most to move forward. AmerenUE will consider all available generation options to meet future customer requirements as part of an integrated resource plan that EU will file with the Missouri Public Service Commission by June 2010. In meantime, we are assessing all options to maximize the value of our investment in this project.  On a regulatory front in Missouri on April 22, the Public Service Commission approved the Environmental Cost Recovery Mechanism or ECRM rules. These rules provide utilities in Missouri like AmerenUE, the opportunity to request in the context of a rate case, the ability to adjust rates between rate cases for changes in cost to comply with environmental rules or laws. We expect these rules to become effective in July and to request the use of them in our next Missouri rate case. In another regulatory matter, the Illinois Power Agency or IPA is administering the 2009 power procurement for the residential and small commercial customers of our Illinois electric delivery utilities. This is being done for the three year period from June 1, 2009, to May 31, 2012 through a request for proposal or RFP process. The IPA has announced the winning bids for electric capacity and we’ll shortly be receiving bids for energy and renewable energy credits for Illinois Utilities. On April 15, the Illinois Commerce Commission approved and made public the average winning capacity bid prices. As a result of this capacity RFP, Ameren Energy marketing company contracted to supply capacity to the Ameren Illinois Utilities that will generate revenue of $21 million for the three years ending May 31, 2012. AmerenUE also contracted to sell capacity as part of this RFP. The energy bids are due May 5, and renewal energy credit bids are due May 18.  Moving now to our Non-rate-regulated Generation business and executing on our strategy of optimizing the assets in a segment, we are exploring the possible sale of three of our smaller Non-rate-regulated Generating assets. The coal-fire Meredosia and Hudsonville plants and the Green Tower combined cycle natural gas plan. We have only begun the marketing and bidding process and cannot predict the outcome. Finally, I would like to update you on our request that the Illinois Pollution Control Board approved revisions to the Multi-Flute and Standard that impact our Non-rate-regulated Generating plants. In preparing this request, we work with the Illinois EPA to make the variance proposal environmentally neutral. In April, 2009, the Illinois Pollution Control Board approved our requested revisions within a rule making dealing with Mercury Regulations. This rule making must now be reviewed and approved by the Illinois Joint Committee on Administrative Rules or JCAR a committee comprised of General Assembly members with equal representation from each Party.  This JCAR review is expected in the second quarter of 2009. This rule amendment will allow us to defer an estimated $300 million of environmental capital expenditures at our Non-rate-regulated operations from the 2011 timeframe to later periods. As I close my formal comments, I want to share you that I am focused on delivering solid long term value to our shareholders.  I believe the best way to deliver that value is the continued implementation of our strategy of prudently investing in our regulated businesses to meet our customers’ needs and expectations, achieving constructive regulatory frameworks in returns and optimizing our Non-rate-regulated Generating assets. I will now turn it over to Marty, to walk you through our first quarter 2009 earnings and full-year 2009 earnings guidance.
Marty Lyons: Thanks, Tom. I’d now like to refer you to the slide presentation on our website that Doug mentioned as I provide a more detailed discussion of our first quarter 2009 earnings. Turning first to page three of our slide presentation, today we announced first quarter 2009 net income in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles of $141 million or $0.66 per share, compared to first quarter 2008 GAAP net income of $138 million or $0.66 per share. Excluding certain items in each year, Ameren recorded first quarter 2009 core net income of $114 million or $0.54 per share compared with first quarter 2008 core net income of $134 million or $0.64 per share. There are two items in the first quarter of 2009 that we have excluded from our core earnings.  These items are the net costs associated with the Illinois comprehensive electric rate relief and customer assistance settlement agreement, which reached in 2007, which reduced first quarter 2009 GAAP earnings by $0.02 per share and net effects of mark to market activities which increased first quarter 2009 GAAP earnings by $0.14 per share. Continuing with slide three of the presentation and focusing on the more significant items, Missouri electric rate increase which took effect March 1, 2009, raised first quarter 2009 earnings by $0.03 per share net of amortizations. The net increase in the Illinois electric and natural gas delivery rates effective October 1, 2008, boosted first quarter 2009 earnings by $0.12 per share. Effective seasonally redesign gas distribution rates in Illinois reduced earnings by $0.05 per share compared to the prior year period. You may recall that in its 2008 rate order, the Illinois commerce commission approved an adjustment in the monthly charge for gas residential customers such that our Illinois utilities now recover 80% of fixed delivery service costs through the monthly charge versus the prior 53%. The remainder is recovered through volume based charges. The redesign gas distribution rates will result in a redistribution of earnings during 2009 and this is highlighted on slide four. The redesign reduces the sensitivity of our Ameren Illinois utilities gas margins to volume metric changes and is expected to have no net impact on full year 2009 results, but the first quarter decline offset by higher earnings of $0.01 per share in the second quarter and $0.04 per share in the third quarter. Returning to slide three, we estimate milder weather reduced earnings by $0.03 per share compare to the year ago quarter and one by $0.01 per share versus normal. Moving to the next line in our first quarter earnings reconciliation, the January 2009 severe ice storm in southeast Missouri resulted in lower sales to Noranda aluminum reducing earnings by $0.03 per share compared to the first quarter of 2008. We recall on January 28, a devastating ice storm knocked on service to Noranda aluminum, New Madrid Missouri smelter resulting in significant damage to their plant and the expectation of a prolong period of reduced electricity demand. Noranda’s power outage was related to the failure of non-AmerenUE lines delivering power to the substations serving the plant. You will also recall that we previously we excluded the impacts of the storm including this impact on Noranda from our original 2009 guidance because we were unable to reasonably estimate the impact on earnings.  Other electric and gas margins for regulated utility operations excluding the impact of weather and loss Noranda sales decreased earnings by $0.17 per share in the first quarter of 2009 compared to the prior year period. This decrease in margins for the regulated businesses was primarily a as a result of lower electric and gas sales volumes, which reduced earnings by $0.12 per share. As Tom mentioned earlier we experienced a significant decrease in sales to our industrial sector. It is important to note as Tom also discussed that the 2009 first quarter 13% decline in electric sales to industrial customers excluding Noranda only reduced industrial margins by $5 million as compared to the year ago period. The balance of $0.17 per share decreased attributed to the other regulated electric and gas margin was due to higher net fuel costs prior to implementation of the FAC on March 1. These higher costs included the effect of the unplanned Callaway outage in the first quarter of 2009. Other electric margins from non-regulated operations rose modestly versus the prior year as a result of higher realized revenue per megawatt hour, partially offset by higher fuel and related transportation costs. While the market price for power fell materially in the quarter, our non-regulated segment earnings were not materially impacted due to proactive forward physical and financial hedges of 2009 generation in prior years at higher than current market prices. Distribution system reliability costs were higher when compared to the 2008 quarter, reflecting the previously mentioned ice storm, which primarily impacted our Missouri regulated operations. Cost for storms in our Illinois regulated operations, were actually lower compared to year ago quarter, because of significant storm activity in the 2008 period. Pension and employee benefits expenses, as well as depreciation and amortization expense and other taxes all varied modestly from the year ago quarter.   Dilution in financing cost reduced earnings by $0.04 per share compared to the year ago period reflecting the refinancing of long term debt and the issuance of additional long term debt to reduce short term debt and to enhance liquidity, both at higher rates. The $0.05 per share improvement in the other net line primarily reflects lower bad debt and decreased plant operations and maintenance expenses over year ago levels. Before moving on to full year earnings guidance, I would like to note that in the first quarter of 2009 our CILCORP subsidiary recorded a non-cash impairment charge of $462 million. Ameren at the consolidated level was not required to reflect this impairment charge in its financial statements because of aggregation of its reporting units. Moving on to our 2009 guidance on slide five; Tom mentioned that we have updated our core earnings guidance range for 2009 of $2.70 to $3.05 per share from our mid-February guidance range of $2.75 to $3.15 per share. The updated 2009 core earnings guidance now includes the effects of the January 2009 severe winter storm, including an estimate of the full year impact of reduced electric margins, due to the loss of operating capacity at the Noranda Aluminum smelter plant. Prior earnings guidance had excluded these storm related impacts. The addition to incorporating the severe storm costs, including the impact on electric margins of the related Noranda outage, revised earnings guidance also incorporates the expected effects, lower sales to industrial customers and lower power prices, including capacity and ancillary services on a regulated and non-rate-regulated generation margins. The updated earnings guidance also includes higher expected financing costs for renewed credit facilities. These negatives are offset in part by higher expected long term sales for resale. Our GAAP earnings guidance includes the estimated $0.07 per share negative impact of the Illinois comprehensive electric rate relief and customer assistance settlement agreement.
 : On slide six of our slide presentation, we have also updated our core earnings guidance by segment. We now expect the Missouri Regulated segment core earnings to be in the range of $1.15 to $1.25 per share down from the prior guidance of $1.25 to $1.35 per share. Earnings guidance for the Illinois Regulated segment is unchanged, while the lower end of the guidance range for non-rate-regulated generation has been increased by $0.05 per share. Ameren’s earnings guidance for 2009 assumes normal weather and is subject to among other things, regulatory decisions and legislative actions, plant operations, energy and capital and credit market conditions, economic conditions, severe storms, unusual or otherwise unexpected gains or losses and other risks and uncertainties outlined and referred to you in the forward-looking statements section of the press release we issued today and the forward looking statements and risk factor sections in our periodic filings with the SEC. Slide seven summarizes our solid available liquidity of approximately $1.7 billion at March 31, 2009. This consists of cash-on-hand as well as available borrowing capacity under our $2.15 billion of revolving credit facilities. As you know, we have taken aggressive and prudent actions to manage our available liquidity position since late last year, including significantly reducing our planned capital and operating expenditures in 2008 and 2009, as well as reducing our common dividend. These actions are designed to reduce the level of reliance on more costly external financing.
 : Our plans may change depending on conditions in the capital markets in business and operational factors. We are also taking steps to extend or replace our $2.15 billion of credit facility that expire in 2010.  While we will be seeking full extension or replacement of our bank facilities on reasonable terms, we anticipate the possibility that we could reduce the amount of our facilities due to challenging credit markets and our expectations that the facilities will be more costly. Given this uncertainty, we plan to continue aggressively terming out our short term borrowings under such facilities. To conclude, we remain committed to our straight forward long term business strategy of investing in our Missouri and Illinois regulated businesses in order to delivery safer liable and affordable energy to our customers. Tom and I look forward to meeting with many of you at the American Gas Association Financial Forum in Las Vegas, May 3 through May 5. We will now be happy to take your questions.
Operator: (Operator Instructions)Your first question comes from Paul Ridzon - Keybanc.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc: Actually, the question has been answered in the commentary. Thank you.
Operator: Your next question comes from Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: The $0.06 of other, I’m sorry if I just had drop off a little bit. What caused that in the quarter?
Marty Lyons: Paul, could you repeat the question? You broke up a little bit.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I’m sorry, the $0.06 for other net in the reconciliation between 2008 and 2009, for the first quarter?
Marty Lyons: Paul, you’re talking about the variance?
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Yes.
Marty Lyons: A big part of that was lower bad debt expense and some lower plant O&M.
Tom Voss: Paul, you may recall that last year that our bad debt expenses, particularly in our Illinois service territory were unusual high. So, we did see a bit of a decline versus last year sort of higher than normal levels.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: Okay. With respect to 2010 and beyond, last quarter I asked you guys about sort of the outlook there and at that time you guys sort of were indicating that maybe at the spring meeting, we’d get a little bit more flavor for hedging prices and what have you. I know we’re not going to have a spring meeting, but I was wondering if you could update a little bit in terms of how the hedging, I think you guys were about 60% for 2010.  Has that changed and can you give us a little bit more flavor on prices and what have you?
Marty Lyons: We did not end up, obviously scheduling a spring meeting and we are certainly going to be looking to, late in the year to potentially have another Analysts Day to provide more guidance. In terms of our hedging, not much changes. In terms of 2010, we’re still about 60% hedged on the power side, as we disclosed in our 10-K, those hedges that are about $51 per megawatthour. As we look ahead, the Illinois procurement agency is going to have a RFP process here and certainly our non-rate-regulated generational look to participate in that process, certainly wouldn’t say at what price level or how many megawatts, but I think that will provide us more transparency into the prices going out into ‘10 and ‘11. What they’re looking to procure there, the IPA is both on peak and off-peak energy for the periods June ‘09 through May ‘10 and then again for June ‘10 to May ‘11. So, that will provide us an opportunity for some price transparency.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: You said regarded to my, what you guys think about the capacity option and what the potential impact of that might be, if you have any commentary on that?  I guess it’s a recap here, other than what you guys provided from the 10-K there really haven’t been much of a change in terms of hedging activity. I assume that’s because the price and look all that attractive I guess right now, but that might change substantially when we depending where the auction results are, I guess for energy and what have you?  Can you give us a sort o flavor as to what you think it might come in at? Maybe you don’t want to, but whatever if you can just give us a little more sort of your outlook on the energy market and then the capacity--?
Marty Lyons: Yes, Paul I wouldn’t comment on what it might come in at. I think in terms of the capacity prices that they realized as part of the IPA process, as you know the balance of ‘09 prices came in around $30, but increased due in 2011 about $60 per megawatt day; and of course, those prices are a little bit softer, maybe more than a little bit softer than what we were seeing summer of last year, but they due start kind of low reflecting I think current soft pricing, but ramp up over the three year period. In terms of power prices right now that we’re seeing around-the-clock when you look at the up pricing, which we often refer to. Pricing right now that you’re seeing for 2010 is in the low-to-mid 30s type of range and in 2011, getting more up into the high $30 is to $40 per range on around-the-clock. So, that’s what we’re seeing right now out there in the market. I would note that especially when you get out to 2011 and 2012 that the market is just not deep in terms of transactions in that time period.
Paul Patterson - Glenrock Associates: I know you don’t want to specifically comment on exactly what you expect out of the early, but it sounds like if you’re thinking that there’s an opportunity to hedge here in that auction that you expect that it maybe giving you a better price? Is that correct?
Tom Voss: I wasn’t saying that now again, I wouldn’t say again in this RFP process again, how much we might offer in or at what price. As you know, our hedge programs that we have in place, our risk management policies do provide us flexibility to either put hedges on when we look at prices and believe they’re good prices to transact at, or give us the flexibility to differ out on our hedging, I’ll share that.  In terms of 2009 of course, I’d remind you that we are 100% hedged for this year. We’ll be looking out into the future and making decisions about when we think it’s prudent to put hedges on for ‘10 and ‘11.
Operator: Your next question comes from Daniele Seitz - Seitz Research
Daniele Seitz - Seitz Research: I was wondering when do you anticipate to file in Missouri and how much of your environmental expenditures have not being rate based yet?
Marty Lyons: Danielle, this is Marty. In terms of the UE rate case, we have not still determined when we might file another rate case as we mentioned on our last call, that we would anticipate filing sometime before the end of 2009. Danielle, I am sorry at the top of my head, I don’t have the amount that we have invested in environmental construction work in process, that’s not yet being raised. I’m sorry.
Daniele Seitz - Seitz Research: The last rate case was based on what year, so just as a recourse so that I can--?
Marty Lyons: It would have been updated through sometime kind of last year, September of last year.
Operator: Your next question comes from Reza Hatefi - Decade.
Reza Hatefi - Decade: What is your current expectation for total generation in 2009 and 2010?
Marty Lyons: I suppose you’re speaking about the Non-rate-regulated generation? Despite the fact that our generation was lower in the first quarter as Tom mentioned in his talking points that, much of that was due to a planned outage. So as far as the year end estimates go, we still believe we’re on track to generate about 30 million megawatthours.
Reza Hatefi - Decade: I think if I’m not mistaken on your last call you expected a little higher in 2010. Is that still the expectation?
Marty Lyons: No, I wouldn’t at this point comment on expected 2010 generation levels.
Reza Hatefi - Decade: I think on the last call you had talked about potential debt financings at the unregulated segments, something like $500 million. Is that still the expectation at some point this year you’ll issue something like $500 million at the unregulated segment?
Marty Lyons: That is correct. Right now, we are looking $500 million at the non-regulated segment. Haven’t disclosed exactly which subsidiary we would be looking to issue that from.
Operator: Your next question comes from David Frank - Catapult.
David Frank - Catapult : I was just wondering if you guys could comment or may be update the guidance, longer term growth guidance you gave on the fourth quarter. I mean I know we’ve seen power markets obviously come in a lot. Are your still standing behind this at least 5% long term growth?
Marty Lyons : The 5% is a long term objective or target of ours, but certainly couldn’t comment given the state of the economy as well as the power prices that we’re facing, in terms of a near term growth.
David Frank - Catapult : I guess just on the financing, you guys have done some fairly costly debt financing recently and I’m sure if you improve your balance sheet that is likely to get better for future offerings I would think. Is this sale of the coal plants, is that going to be enough to you think improve or help you credit quality, help the cost of financings?  Do you envision potentially having to issue equity or what are your plans now as far as dealing with the cost of financing going forward?
Marty Lyons : I think, when you look at our overall plans, obviously you look at some of the actions we’ve taken this past year to enhance our financial strength and flexibility, both the capital reductions, the operating expense reductions, the reduction in our dividend, all of those things were done to enhance the financial flexibility and strength of the organization. As we look ahead, and as we talked about in the last call, we don’t currently have plans for equity or hybrid equity issuances in 2009, but we do remain committed to having that strong balance sheet and financial flexibility and over time we are going to target having capital structures and our regulated business with 50$ to 55% equity, as a percentage of the total capital structure. As you know, we’re going to be focused on having more frequent rate cases to try to close the gap between our earned ROE and our allowed ROE which we also believe will again help to strengthen our financial position and in our credit metric. So, as you look out, while we are working at taking a look at potentially selling these power plants, I would say that’s just, one element to sort of a broader plan for how to improve credit metrics.
Operator: Your next question comes from Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners. 
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners : My first question pertains to the Illinois power authority, RFP that’s coming up. I was wondering if the bidders in to this RFP just gets around the energy price or do they also get a low shipping premium on top of that?
Marty Lyons : I think what you recall is that when we went through the auction a couple years ago, it was more of a vertical slice of the system. It was more of a load following kind of a product. As part of the IPA process, what you actually bid on is more horizontal slices of requirements, so it’s more of a building blocks approach where people would be bidding on those elements that were required.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners : Then the IPA, I guess does the shaping --?
Marty Lyons : That’s correct.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners : In terms of these customer loads in Missouri and Illinois, can you kind of break down what the trends are for especial commercial and industrial in both states?
Marty Lyons : Sure. I’ll talk about that a little bit. On the call we mentioned that industrial sales were down about 13% and that holds true pretty much in both states, Missouri and Illinois. Missouri is down about 13%, and Illinois is down about 14% and we expect these kinds of weak demand conditions to exist really through the end of the third quarter and we’re looking to see some improvements hopefully in the fourth quarter of this year. Overall, our assumption is that industrial could end up down as much as 10% at the end of the year versus prior year levels. I think, what you’ll see is that the comparisons in the early part of the year, this year to last year will look weak and as we get into the second half, we’ll see some improvement in those comparisons because of course in the second half of last year, we began to see weakness in the industrial sector and particularly in the fourth quarter, industrial demand dropped off. That’s kind of what we’re looking at potentially happening in terms of the industrial load. When it comes to residential and commercial sales, we’re a bit more optimistic. We’re not seeing what we consider to be meaningful negative trends in those categories and so we expect residential and commercial sales to either be flat with the prior year potentially even up as much as a percent or so overall.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Would you mind giving us the impact of Noranda, on industrial load?
Tom Voss: Well, what we’ve actually we can broken out in our guidance.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Is the $0.10, you already broken out the earnings impact?
Tom Voss: Let me say, what we’ve done there, is what we’ve assumed there is that Noranda would sort of ratably ramp up their use of electricity between now and the end of the year. So, that’s an assumption that we’ve made and certain actual results could come out different, but that’s what mentioning that the assumption is baked into our estimate.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: So, it’s likely that Noranda would comeback online by the beginning of next year?
Marty Lyons: I wouldn’t really comment on whether it’s likely or not. What we’ve done is, we’ve gone back and looked at their public disclosures and their public disclosures have indicated that it might be back on by the end of 2009, so we’ve just sort of assumed a ratable progression.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Could you just give us some color as to timing of when we’ll share about the generation asset sales?
Marty Lyons: I think that probably by late end of summer, we’d have something to announce on that.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Last question, with regards to the [Silk Corp] debt maturity in 2009, how will the company refinance that? Would that be at the parent or would that at Silk Corp?
Marty Lyons: That will be done at the Ameren parent level and that was included in the anticipated long term debt issuances that I spoke it about earlier.
Yiktat Fung - Zimmer Lucas Partners: Does the company still intend to tender for 2029 bonds at Silk Corp?
Marty Lyons: We are preserving that option at this time.
Operator: Your next question comes from [Cary St-Louis] - Sidoti.
Cary St-Louis – Sidoti: I wanted to kind of go back to Tom Voss’s comments regarding with respect to enhancing shareholder value. As a large bondholder, one thing that I have been concerned about is the -- I know you’ve taken steps to preserve liquidity, but clearly the company is in a challenging situation, especially with the bank line being up for renewal I believe that Marty, you answered the question about the equity issuance. So, I was curious to hear Tom’s views on potential equity issuance, and also to hear what your view is regarding the sale of the coal assets.  From my perspective, it doesn’t seem like these coal assets are tremendously valuable. So I can’t imagine that they’re going to raise a tremendous amount of capital, but maybe on I’m mistaken. So, could you talk to me about, what is the goal of the coal asset sale, is that for cash proceeds or is to reduce business risk or is that a combination of the two?
Tom Voss: I think, Marty outlined our position on equity issuance. The conditions we’ve taken so far we think for us in a strong position right now with cash as far as reducing the dividend and cutting back capital expenditures and things, so we don’t see a need for that this year.
Cary St-Louis – Sidoti: Well, could I ask you specifically with respect your investment grade rating? I mean you do have a below investment grade rating already as apparent. How much more credit deterioration are you willing to sacrifice?
Marty Lyons: This is Marty. I mean, as you know one of the targets we’ve had in terms of Ameren issuer rating is to have some of the BBB flat kind of ratings and we recognize that we’re not there right now, but that is a target of ours in something that overtime, we would seek to work towards.
Cary St-Louis – Sidoti: Okay, but what I guess what I’m saying is if there is more pressure on results and agencies get concerned, is equity issuance a tool that would be used to defend the investment grade rating or the current rating process?
Marty Lyons: Cary, I think that as we look ahead, we’re going to be looking at all portions of our business. Both the expenditures that we have, the capital expenditures that were required as well as our financings and working again towards that target in terms of credit ratings.  We’ve been looking at all aspects of our business with the operations in the financing side to manage towards that. Certainly, equity is a tool we’ve recognized that and as we’ve said in the past, one of our goals that we think aligns with our credit rating objectives is having strong balance sheets. We’ve talked about the regulated business, as I did earlier overtime seeking to have that equity content as a percentage of total cap at 50% to 55%. Now the dividend reduction that we made does help to build the equity content of the balance sheet, but as we look at those capital expenditures to the extent we’ve going to go out and finance those capital expenditure, we are certainly going to do that with a blend of debt and equity financing and again, we’ll be looking that to target cap structures as I have indicated.
Cary St-Louis – Sidoti: With respect tot eh asset sales, so is it a cash driver or business risk reducer? What is the goal there?
Marty Lyons: I think it’s really a blend of both, Cary. I think what we’re looking to do overtime is to focus on growth of earnings coming from our regulated business. I think in terms of these plant assets, it certainly decreases a little bit, our Non-rate-regulated footprint. It would also provide us with cash as you indicate which would help to fund some of the investments we’re making in some of our other core Non-rate-regulated Generation assets.
Cary St-Louis – Sidoti: Could you give us a more specific update on the bank line renegotiation? It was notable yesterday that DTE Energy had made significant progress on their bank line renegotiation, which is highly commendable considering the situation in Detroit and I’m curious how far along your guys are?
Marty Lyons: Yes, sure Cary we’re encouraged by DTE’s announcement as well and we have been in discussions with our lead banks as well as other banks that are in our facilities or that might be our new lenders as we go to renew those credit facilities. We are actively in those discussions, seeking to renew the $2.15 billion of revolving credit facilities that we have today.  We’re frankly encouraged by the discussions we’re having. We’re optimistic that we’re going to be able to successfully renew the facilities, both in terms of amounts and in terms and conditions that are acceptable to us. So we’re optimistic, one of the things that we’re looking to do is to get into multi-year facilities, two year term type facilities and again we think we are optimistic that we’ll be able to get facilities that would be adequate for our needs.
Cary St-Louis – Sidoti: Do you think that this would be contemplated being regard in the second quarter?
Marty Lyons: Yes, I think so, Cary. Again we’re in discussions with the lead banks, but I would imagine by the end of the second quarter we should be there.
Cary St-Louis – Sidoti: Okay and then I am assuming that the financing would come after that? 
Marty Lyons: Yes, I wouldn’t really comment on whether it would be before that or after that.
Operator: Your next question comes from Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: I think on the last call you mentioned that you’d be providing some updates on your coal prices for 2010 towards this time of year. I was wondering if you might be able to share that with us now, for the unregulated generation. You provide an estimate for the coal cost review in 2009, but not 2010.
Marty Lyons: Yes, Steve I don’t have that to share it here at this time. Sorry.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: When do you think you will be in a position to share that?
Marty Lyons: I think that Steve, I don’t have a specific date. I think we’ll be taking a look at our overall thoughts about 2010 at some point coming out with guidance in terms of overall 2010 expectations.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Sorry if you have covered this earlier, but when do you expect to file distribution rate cases in Illinois?
Marty Lyons: We hadn’t covered that yet and consistent with what we said on our last call, we would expect to be doing that late here in the second quarter or early in the third quarter.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: It seems that there’s quite a bit of debt financing that needs to take place this year still and given the huge window that’s opened up in the capital markets and the number of financings you need do, I guess I’m surprised that we haven’t seen any activity yet. Can you just talk about some of the things you’re evaluating and timing the financings?
Marty Lyons: Well, I think that notably we did issue debt at our union electric subsidiary in the first quarter and then of course right now we’re in a bit of a blackout period until we get our 10-Q filed, but as we look ahead to next quarter we both got the maturity at Illinois Power as well as maturity of a term loan at the Ameren Corp level.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: I guess reflecting at some of the commentary in the previous discussion, do you expect the credit profile of the company to improve in 2010, absent equity issuance?
Marty Lyons: Again, we’re not really commenting. I think right now in terms of 2010 guidance in any way. Again, I’d go back to my earlier statement that overtime, we’re targeting those BBB flat kind of issue with credit ratings at Ameren Corpand we’ll be working to it.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Then finally, this Illinois power auction that’s going to happen. Would you anticipate filling out a piece of your 2010 and 2011 open position or how far out does the procurement extend, does it go beyond 2011?
Marty Lyons: Well, what it does is it’s for two MISO planning years, and so it does actually extend out to the first half of 2011, but again I wouldn’t comment again on either how many megawatt hours or at what price we’d offer in for those planning years.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: So, but you have the opportunity to lock in some of your position for the first half of 2011, but not the second half of 2011?
Marty Lyons: That is correct.
Steve Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Can you remind us what your open position for 2011 is?
Tom Voss : The major significant hedges we have out there Steven is the swap that we’re done as part of the settlements which was about 8.8 million megawatt hours.
Operator: Your next question comes from [John Cowan] - Citi.
John Cowan - Citi : I just had a question about your environmental spending in Illinois. Specifically, what was requested from the ICB and what is left to spend?
Tom Voss: John, you are breaking up, could you…
John Cowan - Citi : The request of ICB, what was approved and what is left to spend in order for you to comply with the combined pollutant standard in Illinois?
Tom Voss: John, repeat the question. I think you’re asking what’s -- something about the Illinois MPS
John Cowan - Citi : So, 300 is deferred. What is left to spend in order to be in compliance with the MPS?
Tom Voss: I guess I’d point you to the 10-K and then our 10-Q which will be filed in a week or so here, we’ll have the numbers related to our environmental expenditure. We have a separate table in both by legal entity. So those numbers are pretty current, they do include the amount that we, to the extent we’re successful. The variance were requesting that we be able to remove those numbers from those estimate, but the 10-K numbers, I would again refer you back to those and hopefully we’ll be able to take, as Marty mentioned 300 million out of that for the variance request.
Operator: Your next question comes from Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital: In the event, the sale of the Illinois coal plant went well. Would it be in your strategy to continue to look at divesting out of unregulated generation? Or is that not really the approach here?
Tom Voss : Gregg, we wouldn’t generally comment on potential sales or purchases of assets. We wouldn’t answer that question.
Gregg Orrill - Barclays Capital:  Okay. Related to those assets, how much was in your environmental CapEx budget that you could potentially be divesting?
Marty Lyons: I think the answer to that is it’s probably a minimal amount. I don’t have the numbers right in front of me, but I think it’s a minimal amount.
Operator: Your next question comes from Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: What are you seeing in terms of coal to gas switching in the Midwest right now?
Tom Voss : In what respect, I’m not really sure you of the question. Right now gasses are at a very low level and it looks like it’s going to stay at a low level, so I certainly thin we’ll be on the margin more than has been in the past, but other than that all the commodities are dropping right now. So, I really couldn’t speculate how much switching there would be.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: I’m just curious whether you’re seeing reduced capacity factors out of your non-rate regulated coal plants.
Tom Voss: I think we are assume reduced capacity factors, I think the that’s due to a lot of, it’s not necessarily all due to gas switching. Some of it is just due to less loads that we are seeing on the system and generally people taking less units out for maintenance activities because of the economic conditions right now.
Operator:  Your next question comes from Phyllis Gray – Dwight Asset Management 
Phyllis Gray – Dwight Asset Management: The Noranda plant that has been down, do you know if the repairs have been made such that the plant could be online if they chose to ramp up?
Tom Voss: This is Tom. I guess it’s hard to comment exactly what they’re doing, but they are making repairs. We are seeing improvements in their load as time goes on incrementally month-by-month. How far they go and how quickly they go, we have no control over that we are just watching what they’re doing, but they are continuing to grow their load as we speak.
Phyllis Gray – Dwight Asset Management: So they are able to take power.
Tom Voss: They’ve been taking power through the whole process. It’s just that it’s been a reduced level and then they started ramping up from the reduced level incrementally, day-by-day, week-by-week.
Phyllis Gray – Dwight Asset Management: I had seen in the press that they had opposed that bill in Missouri and wondered if there was any economic connection between the delay and them starting back up again.
Tom Voss: It is correct, they have opposed that bill in Missouri, and they were very active in opposing it. Since really none one of the costs from that would have taken effect until way out in 2013 to 15 timeframes we don’t think it should have any relationship the current economic conditions, but otherwise the reasons for opposing it, you’d have to ask them, I really don’t know.  They’re lines by the way were made up of a lot of little pods they have three major lines and about a 100 pods in each line and one line wasn’t damaged and one line was partially damaged and one line was badly damaged. So that’s kind of how they’re moving things back.
Phyllis Gray – Dwight Asset Management: You mentioned during the prepared remarks, or someone mentioned during the prepared remarks about impairment. Could you expand on what that was non-cash impairment?
Bruce Steinke: We had an impairment of goodwill of $462 million and of course, that’s non-cash and typically the review process for that is an annual process, but at year end we indicated in our 10-K that the fair value of those was only nominally exceeding the carrying value.  So we continue to monitor a possible impairment triggers and in the first quarter we determined with falling stock prices and falling power prices that we needed to take another look at it. So CILCORP level we did determine that both CILCORP Illinois regulated and competitive generation segment goodwill was impaired.  We fully impaired that competitive generation segment and partially impaired the Illinois regulated segment.
Doug Fischer: I just want to thank everyone for participating in this call. Let me remind you again that this call is available through May 7 on playback if for one year on our website. The announcement carries instructions on listening to the playback.  You will also call the contacts listed on our news releases; financial analysts can call me Doug Fischer, Media should call Susan Gallagher. Our number are on the press release that we issued today.  Once again, I want to thank you and we look forward to seeing a number of you at the AGA financial forum. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, that does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q4  (2009-02-18 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Doug Fischer – Director of IR Gary Rainwater – Chairman, President and CEO Marty Lyons – SVP and Chief Accounting Officer Warner Baxter – EVP and CFO
Analysts: Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates Greg Gordon – Citigroup Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Capital David Frank – Catapult Capital Reza Hatefi – Polygon Investment Partners Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs Steve Gambuzza – Longbow Capital Jeff Coviello – Duquesne Capital Scott Engstrom – Blenheim Capital Phyllis Gray – Dwight Asset Management
Operator: Welcome to the Ameren Corporation 2008 year-end earnings conference call on the 17 February, 2009. Throughout today's presentation, all participants will be in a listen-only mode. After the presentation, there will be an opportunity to ask questions. (Operator instructions) I will now hand the conference over to Mr. Doug Fischer. Please go ahead, sir.
Doug Fischer: Thank you and good morning. I'm Doug Fischer, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today is our Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, Gary Rainwater; our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Warner Baxter; our Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, Marty Lyons; our Vice President and Treasurer, Jerre Birdsong; our Vice President and Controller, Bruce Steinke, and other members of the Ameren Management Team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call will be available by telephone for one week to anyone who wishes to hear it by dialing a callback number. The announcement you received in our news release carrying instructions on replaying the call by telephone. This call is also being broadcast live on the Internet and the web cast will be available for one year on our website www.ameren.com. This call contains time sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast. Redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. I also need to let you know that comments made on this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. For additional information concerning these factors, we ask you to read the forward-looking statements section in the news release we issued Friday, and the forward-looking statements and risk factors sections in our periodic filings with the SEC. To assist in our call this morning, we have posted presentation slides on our website that we will refer to during this call. To access this presentation, you may look in the investors' section of our website under presentations and follow the links for the web cast. Gary will begin this call with comments on our recently announced common dividend reduction and provide an overview of 2008 earnings results and key regulatory and operating accomplishments. He will then briefly provide some perspectives on 2009. Marty will follow with more detailed comments on recent regulatory developments. Warner will then provide more detailed discussions of our 2008 results and our 2009 earnings guidance, liquidity, and financing plans and our overall earnings growth objectives. We will then open the call for questions. Here is Gary.
Gary Rainwater: Thanks, Doug. Good morning and thank you for joining us. Last Friday, Ameren’s Board of Directors made the very difficult decision to reduce the quarterly common dividend to $0.385 cents per share, which is consistent with an annualized rate of $1.54 per share. We recognize the importance of our common dividend to our investors and this dividend reduction, while clearly prudent was not a decision that our board took lightly. It was made only after implementing many other less painful steps. We put in place plans to significantly reduce 2008 and projected 2009 capital and operating expenditures by approximately $800 million. We also reduced executive management salaries and incentive compensation opportunities and placed firm controls on headcount and operating expenditures. If you look at slide 3 of our presentation, as you would expect the decision to reduce the dividend was made after careful evaluation. First and foremost, the decision to reduce the dividend was based on the desire to enhance Ameren’s financial strength and flexibility as we manage our company through these unprecedented times. In addition, we recognized that Ameren’s business mix has shifted over the past several years with significant earnings and cash flow contributions coming from the non-rate-regulated generation business. The board also took into account the dramatic changes that have taken place in the economy in the capital credit and commodity markets. It is important to note that while Ameren is a financially strong company with solid current liquidity, we are not immune to the impacts of the current economic environment. Like other companies in our industry, Ameren is being impacted by a general economic downturn resulting from the global economic recession that we expect will lower customer electricity and natural gas usage in the near term and produce some uncertainty around future usage as well. The ongoing requirement to fund significant capital expenditures to meet customer reliability needs and environmental requirements, challenging and expensive capital and credit market conditions, volatile commodity prices, will principally impact the stability of earnings and cash flows of our non-rate-regulated generation business. The need to finance future debt maturities and credit facilities, which expire in January and July 2010, and while improved regulatory frameworks that still result in regulatory lag and inhibit us from earning our allowed return on equity in a rising cost environment. While we have challenges, we also believe that we have a long-term strategic plan that will allow us to meet them head-on. Our strategy remains one that is focused on investing in the energy infrastructure of our regulated businesses in order to deliver safe, reliable, and affordable energy to our customers in an environmentally responsible manner. This strategy will not only allow us to meet our customers’ expectations and grow our regulated businesses for the benefit of our shareholders, it will also be a critical factor in helping maintain and create jobs and provide long-term growth in Missouri and Illinois during this difficult economic period. Another key aspect of our strategy is to continue to optimize our non-rate-regulated generation assets. In that light, we are taking actions to significantly reduce spending while actively managing the existing assets in this business to execute on that strategy. The final key component of our strategy is to enhance our financial strength and flexibility for the benefit of all our stakeholders. The action that our board took in reducing our common dividend will clearly help us execute on this component. Financial strength and flexibility provide near and long-term benefits to our shareholders and customers. A lower dividend rate will allow Ameren to retain approximately $215 million of cash annually, which will help us to invest to improve reliability to meet our customers’ expectations, satisfy federal and state environmental requirements, reduce our reliance on dilutive equity and high-cost debt financings, and enhance our access to the capital and credit markets. The combination of our investment and financing strategies will drive solid long-term earnings per share growth principally from a strong regulated asset base. It is also important to note that our payout ratio has been amongst the highest of our utility peers as you can see on slide 4 of our presentation. In 2008, we paid out 88% of our GAAP earnings and dividends versus 50% to 60% for peer companies. The new dividend level better aligns our payout ratio with industry peers. Turning to slide 5, our adjusted dividend level provides Ameren with a more sustainable dividend payout ratio based upon anticipated earnings from our regulated business. This new dividend rate coupled with our targeted long-term annual earnings per share growth rate of at least 5% of the mid-point of our 2009 core earnings guidance is expected to provide competitive long-term total return potential for our shareholders. Looking ahead, our goal would be to grow the dividend level as the earnings from our rate-regulated operations increase and our overall cash flow profile improves. Of course, as they have done in the past, our board is expected to also consider several other factors including our overall payout ratio, payout ratios of our peers, potential future cash flow requirements and other key business considerations. I would now like to discuss some of our accomplishments in 2008. We reported 2008 core or non-GAAP earnings per share of $2.95, within the range of both the original guidance we issued in January of 2008 and the revised earnings guidance range we provided to the market in early November 2008. Our 2008 results were achieved despite the challenges of weakening economic conditions as well as volatile and uncertain capital, credit, and commodity markets. Importantly, in 2008 and early 2009, we were able to successfully execute on key aspects of our long-term strategic plan. Our strategic plan calls for generation excellence and improvement of customer service and satisfaction. Recall that in October 2008, our Callaway nuclear plant completed its first-ever breaker-to-breaker run and completed a plant record 28 day refueling and maintenance outage this past fall. At AmerenUE, equivalent availability of our coal-fired generating units was a solid 88% as compared to 89% in 2007. At our non-rate-regulated generation operations, we set new generation records producing approximately 31 million total megawatt hours as equivalent availability for our coal-fired units was 85% compared to 81% in 2007. Amidst the economic challenges facing us and our nation, we have remained focused on our customers and have made significant investments in our energy infrastructure to improve overall reliability and customer satisfaction. In Missouri, through the year-old Power On’ Reliability program, we buried more than 100 miles of electric line, trimmed tress along more than 6500 miles of line, tested nearly 100,000 wood utility poles, and inspected over 8000 miles of line. In Illinois, we targeted the worst performing circuits and aggressively trimmed trees in our 44,000 square mile territory, and continued to automate our transmission system to elevate our reliability. We believe that high-quality customer service is essential to earning solid returns in our regulated businesses. On that note, I'm pleased to say that we made meaningful progress on the regulatory front in 2008 and early 2009. On our third-quarter 2008 call, we discussed with you the details of the much-needed increases of approximately $161 million in electric and natural gas rates authorized for our Illinois regulated operations, which became effective October 1, 2008. In Missouri, AmerenUE received approval of an electric rate increase on January 27 of this year with new rates expected to be effective March 1. The authorized increase in annual electric revenues is approximately $162 million. We are also pleased to report that the Missouri rate order authorized a fuel adjustment clause, as well as reliability cost tracker mechanism. Fuel adjustment clause and other tracker mechanisms improve our ability to continue to invest in infrastructure, so that we will be able to meet our customers’ expectations for safe and reliable service. We do consider the Illinois and Missouri rate orders to be clear signs of the progress we are making on the regulatory front in a strong foundation for future growth in our regulated businesses. And while rising operating and financing costs are still resulting in regulatory lag in both Missouri and Illinois, we will be filing rate cases more frequently in the future to minimize regulatory lag as well as to make any bill increases more manageable for our customers. Marty will cover the details of recent rate orders in Missouri and Illinois in a moment. Despite our recently granted rate increases in Missouri and Illinois and our proactive sales of 2009 non-rate-regulated generation in early 2008, we believe our 2009 core earnings will be relatively flat compared with 2008 core earnings. As I mentioned earlier, we are navigating our company through a global recession, volatile commodity markets, and unprecedented strains in the capital and credit markets. We believe these factors will result in lower customer usage versus 2008, lower power prices for unsold non-rate-regulated generation, and higher financing cost throughout 2009 and longer. Warner will walk you through some of our key drivers for 2009 a bit later. In closing, we have taken timely, prudent actions over the past few months to build on our financial strength and enhance our financial flexibility in light of the difficult economic, capital, and credit market conditions. These actions included reducing our common dividend, accessing the capital markets to increase our available liquidity, as well as making significant reductions in our 2008 and projected 2009 spending plans while still meeting our reliability, environmental, and safety objectives. As a result, our current available liquidity, which represents our cash on hand and amounts available under our credit facilities stands at a solid $1.3 billion. The need for utilities to have strong cash flows and good credit ratings, solid overall returns on their investments, and the ability to access the credit and capital markets on a timely basis has never been more apparent. The bottom line is that our management team remains keenly focused on prudently managing our business during this difficult economic period to ensure that we are able to execute on our long-term strategic plan of maintaining solid available liquidity and financial flexibility, so that we are able to invest in our energy infrastructure for the benefit of our customers and to deliver solid long-term returns to our shareholders. I will now turn the call over to Marty to discuss recent revelatory developments.
Marty Lyons: Thanks, Gary. As Gary mentioned we made good progress on the regulatory front in 2008 and early 2009. As we have previously discussed, in late September, the Illinois Commerce Commission or ICC authorized new electric and gas rates for our Illinois distribution utilities, AmerenCIPS, AmerenCILCO and AmerenIP effective October 1, 2008. As summarized on slide six, these new rates provide approximately $161 million in additional annual revenue, allowed returns on equity of nearly 10.7%. The ICC also approved an increase in the monthly charge for gas residential customers, such that it now recovers 80% of fixed delivery service costs versus the prior 53%. The remainder is recovered through volume-based charges. This will make our gas utility earnings less sensitive to volumetric swings. As shown on slide 7, we anticipate the redesigned gas distribution rates will result in a redistribution of margins during 2009. While the redesign is expected to have no net impact on full year 2009 results, we do anticipate margins in the first quarter will be $0.05 per share lower than in the same period in 2008, and that this decline will be offset by higher margins in the second and third quarters as shown on the slide. The increased rates are already improving the earnings and cash flows of our Ameren Illinois utilities from depressed levels. We consider the Illinois rate order a clear sign of the progress we are making towards restoring the financial health of our Ameren Illinois utilities. However, as we have previously discussed, we expect that the new Illinois rates will not fully recover the level of costs we are currently experiencing, especially financing costs. As a result, we expect our Illinois distribution utilities’ earnings to fall short of allowed rates of return. Consequently, rate case filings with the ICC are being targeted for late in the second quarter or early in the third quarter of 2009. Turning now to slide 8 and Missouri, in April 2008 AmerenUE requested an electric revenue increase due to higher costs across its business, including fuel and reliability costs as well as higher infrastructure investments. A critical aspect of this case was AmerenUE’s request for implementation of a fuel adjustment clause. As Gary mentioned, on January 27, 2009, the Missouri Public Service Commission authorized AmerenUE to increase annual electric revenues by approximately $162 million. The new rates reflect an allowed return on equity of 10.76% on 52% common equity ratio and a rate base of 5.8 billion. Importantly, the Missouri rate order authorized AmerenUE to implement a fuel adjustment clause. The fuel adjustment clause applies to net fuel costs, which include delivered fuel and purchased power costs net of off system sales revenues, including Midwest Independent Transmission System Operator or MISO cost and revenues. The fuel adjustment clause passes through to customers 95% of deviations between actual net fuel costs and net fuel costs of approximately $328 million included in base rates, subject to prudency review as shown on slide 9. In addition to the fuel adjustment clause, the Missouri Commission also approved vegetation management and infrastructure inspection cost tracker. The Missouri Commission also authorized continued use of the pension and other post-retirement employee benefits cost tracker first approved in the May 2007 electric rate order. The Missouri Commission also approved amortization and recovery over five years of $25 million of previously expensed O&M related to the January 2007 severe ice storm. In addition, previously expensed MISO Day 2 expenses of $12 million were authorized for amortization and recovery over two years. In total, the portion of the full rate increase granted by the Missouri Commission, which provides a recovery of net additional prior period cost will result in approximately $12 million of additional annual amortization expenses. Overall, we believe this order by the Missouri Commission is constructive, however, because of continuing investments in our utility infrastructure, rising operating costs, and cost of capital we do not expect to earn the return on equity allowed in this proceeding during 2009. As a result, we expect to file another electric rate case in Missouri later this year. At that time, it will depend on the timing and magnitude of cost increases and rate base additions among other things. On January 29, 2009, just one day after the Missouri Commission delivered its order in this case, a severe ice storm hit Southeast Missouri. This severe winter ice storm caused a power outage and AmerenUE’s largest retail customer, Noranda Aluminum. According to Noranda’s January's 29th 8-K filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the outage affected approximately 75% of the smelter plant’s capacity. Further, Noranda stated that preliminary information and management's initial assessment indicated restoring full capacity may take up to 12 months with partial capacity phased in during the 12-month period. AmerenUE supplies electricity to this facility with the transmission and distribution lines that feed the Noranda facility and that failed are owned by others. This is too early to assess the exact impact of the outage on AmerenUE’s business. While AmerenUE expects it will be able to sell the power that would have gone to Noranda into the off-system wholesale power market at prices that are currently about Noranda’s tariff rate, the newly approved Missouri fuel adjustment clause requires that 95% of the incremental off-system sales margins to be flowed through to electric customers. In response to this unanticipated event, AmerenUE filed a request with the Missouri Commission for a rehearing of the January 2009 electric rate order in consideration of revisions to the fuel adjustment clause tariff to mitigate the Noranda issue. Unfortunately, the Missouri Commission expressed its intent to deny the hearing request at a public agenda session last week, and an official vote to that effect is expected later this week. If 75% of Noranda's capacity were down for 12 months, the reduction in AmerenUE’s pre-tax annual earnings could be as much as $73 million due to the loss of up to approximately 3.2 million megawatt hours of retail sale. At this time, we are unable to reasonably estimate that impact of the Noranda outage as well as the impact of other storm related costs on our earnings. UE is currently considering other possible steps it might take to mitigate the loss of revenues from Noranda, including filing for an Accounting Authority Order. Consistent with our past practice, we will exclude the earnings impact of this severe ice storm from core earnings. I will now turn the call over to Warner.
Warner Baxter: Thanks, Marty. Turning first to our 2008 earnings results, please turn to page 10 of our slide presentation. We announced 2008 net income in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles of $605 million or $2.88 per share compared to 2007 GAAP net income of $618 million or $2.98 per share. Excluding certain items in each year, Ameren recorded 2008 core or non-GAAP net income of $622 million or $2.95 per share compared to 2007 core net income of $685 million or $3.30 per share. We recorded several significant items in 2008 that we have excluded from our core earnings. The net costs associated with the Illinois comprehensive electric rate relief and customer assistant settlement agreement reached in 2007 reduced GAAP earnings by $0.13 per share into 2008, which was a $0.21 per share production in 2007. Net unrealized mark-to-market losses reduced 2008 GAAP earnings by $0.07 per share as compared to net unrealized mark-to-market gains of $0.04 per share in 2007. A lump-sum settlement payment in 2008, from a coal supplier for expected higher fuel costs in 2009 as a result of the premature closure of a mine and termination of a contract, benefited 2008 GAAP earnings by $0.08 per share. However, the contract termination will result in higher fuel costs for non-rate-regulated generation in 2009. Missouri accounting and electric rate orders directing our Missouri utility to record a regulatory asset for the January 2007 severe ice storm costs and authorizing amortization and recovery of these costs increased 2008 GAAP earnings by $0.07 per share. The Missouri rate order directing amortization and recovery over two years of previously incurred costs, pursuant to a 2007 Federal Energy Regulatory Commission or FERC order increased 2008 GAAP earnings by $0.04 per share. The 2007 FERC order retroactively reallocated certain MISO costs among MISO market participants. This resulted in a 2007 charge to GAAP earnings of $0.06 per share. Finishing up the non-core items, asset impairment charges related primarily to the Indian Trails Cogeneration Plant resulting from the suspension of operations of the plant's only customer reduced 2008 GAAP earnings per share by $0.06. Then on slide 10 on the presentation, and focusing only on some of the most significant items, the full-year impact of the 2007 Missouri electric and natural gas rate increases raised earnings by $0.08 per share. The net increase in Illinois electric and natural gas delivery rates effective October 1, 2008, boosted earnings by $0.09 per share. Other electric and gas margins increased $0.64 per share in 2008 compared to the prior period, primarily as a result of improved generating plant output and higher realized electric margins at our non-rate-regulated generation operations. More normal summer weather in 2008 compared to the extremely hot summer weather in 2007 was the primary reason that weather reduced 2008 earnings by an estimated $0.16 per share compared to the prior year. For 2008, a weather sensitive residential and commercial electric sales were down approximately 2% and 1% respectively compared to 2007. After adjusting for weather, we estimate our combined residential and commercial electric sales increased approximately 2% in 2008 versus 2007. However, our industrial sales showed the impact of the weakening economy declining approximately 3% in 2008 compared to 2007. Higher costs for fuel and related transportation reduced 2008 earnings by $0.37 per share compared to 2007. In addition, higher plant operations and maintenance expenses reduced 2008 earnings by $0.16 per share versus 2007. Distribution system reliability expenditures reduced earnings by $0.16 per share in 2008 compared to the year ago period as we continued to make significant incremental investments to improve reliability and customer satisfaction. Financing costs also rose in 2008 as we refinanced auction rate debt earlier in the year due to the volatility in the capital markets, as well as higher cost debt later in 2008 under significantly strained capital market conditions. Bad debts, labor, depreciation and amortization, and other expenses also increased year-over-year. Moving onto our 2009 guidance on slide 11, as we stated in our news release from Friday afternoon, we expect our core earnings to be in the range of $2.75 to $3.15 per share. Before I discuss a detailed reconciliation between our 2008 earnings results and our 2009 guidance, I believe it is important to look at 2008 core results and 2009 core guidance by segments. In total, our two regulated segments posted core earnings of $1.36 per share in 2008. We expect results from these regulated units to improve in 2009 to a range of $1.65 to $1.85 per share on a core basis, up approximately 25% to 35% over 2008 results reflecting the benefits of the net rate increases in Illinois and the recently granted Missouri electric rate increase. However, the expected 2009 regulated results, while higher will still fall below the allowed returns on equity authorized by our regulators. The new rates are based on historical test year data, and 2009 costs are expected to be higher than the levels we covered in rates. This is especially true of financing costs in Illinois with sharply higher debt financing costs, which were incurred after our rate cases were filed are not being recovered in rates. Turning now to slide 12, the midpoint of our core guidance range for Missouri regulated operations translates into an estimated return on equity of approximately 8% in the midpoint of our core guidance range for our Illinois regulated operations, translates into an estimated return on equity of approximately 6%. As Marty mentioned earlier, our allowed returns on equity are approximately 10.7% in both jurisdictions. So in summary, we expect earnings from our Missouri and Illinois regulated operations to show marked improvements but still fall short of our allowed return levels. While discouraging, the primary factors resulting in regulatory lag can be addressed in very straightforward manner by freshening up our rates in Illinois and Missouri to reflect our energy infrastructure investments and higher financing costs as well as other higher operating costs. As Marty discussed earlier, this is exactly what we intend to do. It is this straightforward strategy that uses confidence in our ability to grow our regulated earnings from their current levels. Note for every 1% that we narrow the gap between our allowed return on equity and our earned return on equity in our regulated operations, we generate an incremental $50 million and $25 million in pre-tax revenues in Missouri and Illinois respectively. It should be emphasized that the 2009 Missouri regulated operations core segment guidance and the related return on equity estimate exclude the impact of the Noranda outage and the January 2009 ice storm. For the Illinois regulated operations segment, the 2009 core segment guidance and related return on equity estimate exclude an estimated $0.03 per share negative impact on the 2008 settlement agreement among parties in Illinois to provide comprehensive electric rate relief. While core earnings from our regulated segments are expected to grow materially, 2008 core earnings in our non-rate regulated generation segments are expected to decline. We project this segment core earnings will be $1.10 to $1.30 per share this year, down from the $1.59 of earnings per share posted in 2008. In 2009, non-rate-regulated generation segment core earnings guidance excludes an estimated $0.04 per share negative impact in the 2007 Illinois settlement agreement. The decline is expected despite our proactive sales of 2009 non-rate-regulated generation in early 2008 at power prices well above current market prices. However, the combination of lower power prices for our unsold generation, higher fuel costs, and decline in our estimated generation level to approximately 30 million megawatt and higher environmental related costs are the reasons we expect lower core earnings in this segment in 2009 versus 2008. It is important to note, excuse me, it is important to point out that the lower estimated generation level is largely a function of the decline in power prices. We told you in early November 2008 that for 2009 we have hedged approximately 85% of our estimated non-rate regulated generation of 32 million megawatt hours at approximately $53 per megawatt hour. Approximately 2 million megawatt hours of generation output that we had expected as of our November forecast is no longer economic due to the significant decline in power prices since that time. Consequently, should power prices rebound during 2009, we clearly have the capacity and availability to sell more generation, which could result in higher than currently expected margins. Finishing up my discussion of our non-rate-regulated generation business on slide 13, will continue to believe there is meaningful value associated with having iron in the ground at a time when generation capacity expansion is limited due to the state of the capital markets. You can also see that we have been actively hedging our open generation and fuel positions. Through 2010, we have significantly hedged our fuel requirements. In addition, in terms of power, we have significantly hedged our current economic generation as well as have a meaningful portion of our 2010 economic generation hedged. Moving on from the segment perspective to an overall Ameren perspective, we have on slide 14 our earnings per share guidance reconciled between 2008 and 2009. Beginning our discussion with 2008 core earnings per share number of $2.95, which we discussed earlier, I will comment on some of the more meaningful items. First, you see the impact of the recent Missouri electric rate order, which increases retail rates by approximately $162 million annually. We expect the new rates, net of increased amortization expenses to benefit our earnings per share by approximately $0.39 in 2009. The Illinois net rate increases are expected to boost earnings per share by approximately $0.38 per share. For non-rate-regulated generation operations, other electric margins are expected to be lower and reduce earnings by $0.05 per share, reflecting lower expected generation levels and a significant decline in power prices that I just discussed. Regarding our Callaway nuclear plant, we do expect a $0.09 per share earnings pick up because of lower operations and maintenance expenses resulting from no refueling outage being scheduled for this year, something that occurs every third year. We also continued substantial spending on distribution system reliability in our regulated businesses. Increased depreciation and amortization expenses primarily reflect rate-based growth and are expected to reduce 2009 core earnings by $0.15 per share. Net dilution in financing costs are expected to reduce year-over-year earnings by $00.23 per share. In addition to the higher cost of financings recently completed, we expect meaningfully higher interest rates from prospective debt refinancings due to the disruption in capital markets. Further, we plan to issue additional debt to fund a portion of our capital expenditures. It is important to note that approximately $0.12 for the $0.23 projected increase in financing costs is being driven by our regulated operations. Other taxes are expected to reduce earnings by $0.10 per share principally due to higher ad valorem taxes. In addition, other expenses are expected to rise year-over-year. An estimated $0.07 per share negative impact in 2009 due to 2007 settlement agreement among parties in Illinois to provide comprehensive electric rate relief and customer assistance is excluded from core earnings guidance. Any net unrealized mark-to-market gains or losses will impact GAAP earnings are excluded from GAAP and core earnings guidance as the company is unable to reasonably estimate the impact of any such gains or losses at this time. In addition, the effects of a severe winter ice storm, including the impact of the related outage at the Noranda plant, also excluded from GAAP and core earnings guidance. The company is unable to reasonably estimate at this time the impact of the storm and outage on earnings. Bottom line is our core earnings per share guidance for 2009 ranges from $2.75 to $3.15 per share. We expect our 2009 GAAP earnings to be in the range of $2.68 to $3.08 per share. Ameren’s earnings guidance for 2009 assumes normal weather and is subject to, among other things, regulatory decisions and legislative actions, plant operations, energy and capital and credit market conditions, economic conditions, severe storms, unusual or otherwise unexpected gains or losses, and other risks and uncertainties outlined, or referred to, in the Forward-looking Statements section of the press release we issued last Friday in the Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factors sections in our periodic filings with the SEC. Next, turning to slide 15 of our presentation, I would like to discuss our current available liquidity position. As Gary noted, we currently have a solid $1.3 billion of available liquidity. That is comprised of cash on hand as well as available borrowing capacity under our $2.15 billion of revolving credit facilities. As you know, we have taken aggressive and prudent actions to manage our available liquidity position since late last year, including making plans to significantly reduce our capital and operating expenditures in 2008 and 2009 as well as reducing our dividend. These actions are designed to reduce our need to access costly and uncertain capital markets. During our third-quarter 2008 call, we stated that we plan to significantly reduce our originally estimated negative free cash flow for 2008 of approximately $1.5 billion. We delivered on that commitment. Our negative free cash flow at December 31, 2008, approximated $1.1 billion as shown on slide 16. In 2009, we expect that our operating and capital expenditure reductions and coupled with our dividend reduction will drive our negative free cash flow down to approximately $500 million. Moving on to slide 17, you'll note that we have modest debt maturities over the next three years. As we look ahead in 2009, we will focus on $250 million of long-term debt to be refinanced with our regulated utilities as well as $124 million at our non-rate-regulated generation segments, and $300 million for Ameren Corporation. We will also take steps to replace our $2.15 billion of credit facilities that expire in 2010. We recognize that the credit markets are very challenging these days. While we will be seeking a full renewal of our bank facilities on reasonable terms, we anticipate the possibility that the capacity under our revolvers could be reduced and be more costly. Given this uncertainty, we plan to more aggressively term out our short-term borrowings under such facilities, which will provide further financial flexibility. In all, we currently expect to issue approximately $650 million of debt in our regulated utilities, $250 million in Ameren Corporation, and approximately $500 million at the non-rate-regulated generation subsidiaries in 2009. Of course, we expect these debt issuances as well as our borrowings under our credit facilities will be more costly compared to what we have experienced in the past. In terms of equity financings, as a result of the dividend reduction, other than equity proceeds received under our dividend reinvestment and employee benefit plans, we do not currently anticipate the need for additional equity issuances during 2009. Having said that, our actions today clearly point to the value we place on having financial strength and flexibility. As we continue to make meaningful investments in our businesses, most notably our regulated businesses, we intend to finance those investments with a blend of equity and debt in the future that we maintain a solid capital structure in our regulated businesses, which would approximate 50% to 55% equity. Having such a capital structure not only strengthens the financial position of those capital intensive businesses, it also gives us the ability to earn solid returns on those equity investments. Consequently, we do expect to make appropriate equity issuances in the future consistent with this framework as well as to address any unanticipated events should the need arise. The bottom line is that we plan to be proactive and opportunistic as we implement our long-term financing plans for debt, equity, or equity linked securities in order to appropriately finance our operations, reach scheduled maturities, and maintain financial strength and flexibility for the long-term benefit of all of our stakeholders. To wrap up, we remain very committed to our straightforward long-term business strategy of investing in our Missouri and Illinois regulated businesses in order to deliver safe, reliable, and affordable energy to our customers. As you can see on slide 18, we plan to continue to make significant investments in our regulated businesses to improve reliability to meet our customer's expectations as well as satisfy environmental requirements. From 2009 through 2011, we expect our regulated rate base to grow approximately 9% per year, and we will seek to recover those investments and earn solid returns through frequent rate case filings and potential future cost recovery mechanisms. These increased investments and coupled with the fact that our current rates are not reflective of higher operating and the significant financing costs that we are experiencing as shown on slide 12 earlier, gives us the confidence in our ability to achieve our long-term annual earnings per share growth target of at least 5% of the midpoint of our 2009 core earnings guidance. This targeted earnings growth rate when combined with our new dividend rate will provide competitive long-term total return potential for shareholders. Before we open the line-up for questions, I want to let you know that we do plan to hold an Analyst Day in New York City in spring. We will inform you of the details when they are finalized. We will now be happy to take your questions.
Operator: Thank you. (Operator instructions) Thank you. The first question is from Mr. Paul Patterson from Glenrock Associates. Please go ahead.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Good morning guys.
Gary Rainwater: Good morning Paul.
Warner Baxter: Good morning.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: I want to touch basically on I guess, the earnings going forward in 2010 and 2012 you guys gave us a presentation earlier in 2008, and you mentioned also prices going down. How should we think about, excuse me, how should we think about the impact of lower power prices and what your outlook is now?
Warner Baxter: Paul, this is Warner. I think as you recognized power prices have obviously fallen significantly. And so the guidance that we provided to you back in January of 2008 is no longer valid at this point in time, and what we have provided to you is our earnings per share guidance for 2009 and at this point nothing more beyond that.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay.
Warner Baxter: So to address your question with regard to the guidance that we provided in early 2008.
Gary Rainwater: Paul, just to give you a little benchmark on that, you know, we sell a little over 30 million megawatt hours per year from that business and a $10 moment in price then means a $300 million movement in margin in that business. So, relatively small movements in price generate substantial movements in margin. And the price decline that we've seen since about last summer is on the order of $30 per megawatt hour, which is on the order of $1 billion or could be a decline of $1 billion from where we were last year; however, because of our hedging policy, prices were locked in substantially above where the market is and well we will see some decline in earnings this year and we expect to see some weakness in the market in the future years. The hedging, really, has helped sustain earnings in that business.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. You mentioned $53 that is your hedge that I believe for this year, correct.
Gary Rainwater: That is about right.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay, and then what is it in 2010 and how much lesser you hedge then? Could you just give us a little more flavor on that?
Warner Baxter: Sure. If you look at slide 13 Paul.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Right.
Warner Baxter: On our presentation, you will see that for 2009 we are hedged at 95% and that is why there is about a $52 per megawatt hour. In 2010, you know, we are not disclosing the specific hedge number that we have out there in terms of price, but you can see that we have hedged 60% of that already for 2010, and as Gary pointed out we are very proactive while those markets were more liquid especially earlier in 2008 to try and take some of that hedging of, as well as that incorporates the swap agreement that we entered into as part of the electric rate relief settlement in Illinois a couple of years ago.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay.
Warner Baxter: That pricing is out there and very visible.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay, so we will get better ideas, I guess, when you guys have your meeting in the spring about what those prices might be because just looking at the hedge number of 60%, it is really hard for us to sort of, to know what that actually translates into.
Gary Rainwater: Sure. You know, in terms of that when we come back out in the spring, we will be able to provide you as we did last year some more color around not just the hedges, but also on the power side, but also gives you some more color on the fuel side as well.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. Then with respect to the regulated ROE and what you guys have, you know, the challenge there in terms of earning at. When do you think you – do you think there will be an opportunity to catch up. I know you guys have lowered CapEx, etc. But I mean that might probably start up again. I mean I'm just sort of getting – trying to get an idea as to when that regulatory lag will be in a perpetual situation of serve under earning or could you elaborate a little bit on that and just with respect to the dilution of $0.23 per share, how should we think about how much equity is a component of that.
Gary Rainwater: A couple of points Paul to try and address you. First, on the terms of regulatory lag, is there an opportunity for us to narrow the gap. The answer is simply, yes, and we are taking actions to narrow that gap. Number one, through the filing of more frequent rate cases, number two, looking for the ability to implement cost recovery mechanisms that give us more timely recovery. One example of that would be the environmental cost recovery mechanism rules that are currently being under study in the State of Missouri. That certainly is an opportunity as we continue to make meaningful environmental capital expenditures in that business for us to mitigate the regulatory lag that we see prospectively. And certainly, you know, we in terms of how we time the filing of our rate cases, we are going to be mindful of our ability to try and put the most current level of costs as well as update those filings in our rate cases and try and mitigate ultimately that regulatory lag.
Warner Baxter: In terms of the dilution that you asked with regard to 2009, what is reflected in there is the dilution associated with DRIP program, which is about $0.03 to $0.04 per share. Beyond that the rest of that is really related to debt financings that we reflected in there.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Thanks a lot.
Gary Rainwater: Okay.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Greg Gordon from Citigroup. Please go ahead with your questions.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup: Good morning gentlemen.
Gary Rainwater: Good morning, Greg.
Warner Baxter: Good morning, Greg.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup: I know the dividend cut is a very difficult decision guys, but I think –
Gary Rainwater: Greg, I'm sorry. We cannot hear very well. If you can maybe speak into the speakerphone, I apologize.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup:
 :
Gary Rainwater: Yes. Hear you much better now, thank you.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup: I was just going to say I know the change in dividend policy was a very difficult decision for you guys, but I know you made the right decision in the long run for your share holders.
Gary Rainwater: Thank you.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup: The lower – a couple of questions. What is your specific expectation for lower volumes in – what is a specific volume output expectation at the generation business for 2009? You said that you were expecting all things equal, lower volumes because of market conditions.
Warner Baxter: Yes. Greg, this is Warner. The output for our unregulated generations segment is currently expected to be 30 million megawatt hours for 2009. And as we have said, we frankly have the availability and capacity to increase that as power prices increase. We – back in November we had estimated based on market prices at that time that we would generate economic generation of approximately 32 million megawatt hours. Because of that fall in market prices, we are now down at 30 million megawatt hours.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup: So, if prices were to recover, not only would you see higher margins on the 30 terawatt hours of production, but you might be able to increase volumes as well.
Warner Baxter: That is correct.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup: You said $0.03 to $0.04 dilution from the DRIPS. What is that in terms of you know, hundreds of millions of dollars of issuance to the DRIP?
Gary Rainwater: In terms of cash flows, the DRIP is probably going to generate about $80 million of cash under the program, assuming you are at the same level of participation.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup: Thank you, and then final question. When we were – met with you in November, you indicated that you're contemplating a pretty severe cut in capital expenditures, you know, down to as low as $1 billion for 2009 from the prior budget, which looking at your March ‘08 10-K which was a $1.8 billion. It looks like you are now budgeting $1.685 billion. I'm assuming that some of that is a function of the fact that year now moderated the dividend payment. Can you talk about what is in and what is not in for 2009 guidance as it compares to what you said at EEI.
Gary Rainwater: Sure. It is a bit complicating but let me try my best. We came out of the EEI, you know, we said we had a targeted meaningful reductions in both the unregulated generation business as well as our regulated business. At that time, we had actually identified specific reductions that we're going to take actions on in our unregulated generation business, and in fact those range from approximately $300 million to $400 million around 2008 levels. And in fact, when you look at both 2009, you will have to look at just 2009, but you have to also look at the reductions that we made in 2008 because we moved out very quickly to reduce our capital expenditures. And so when you look at both the reductions in 2008 versus our original plan versus where they ended up in 2009, we actually achieved approximately $400 million of both capital and O&M reductions in our unregulated generation business. On the flip side, we had said that we are going – we had identified about $400 million to $500 million of potential reductions in our regulated businesses and that we are going to continue to assess them, and in fact we did. And ultimately, when you look again between 2008 and 2009, you will see a combination of capital and O&M reductions, which approximate $300 million or so compared to our original estimates. However, we did not go all the way up and get all those reductions in our regulated businesses simply due to the fact that the Sioux scrubber project that we had identified. We thought it was more prudent to continue to move forward with that project among a few others. And so all those factors, coupled with the other things that we've done with our financial plans you described, ultimately got us to the decisions that we have made to get to our current capital expenditure and operating expenditure levels.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup: Okay. I see that now, the CapEx for ‘08 actually came in almost $340 million lower than the beginning of the year budget.
Gary Rainwater: Yes.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup: And then you're just over $100 million later in ‘09 than the prior budget.
Warner Baxter: So it is a combination. When we were looking in November, obviously, we were not sure how quickly we can get claim on those capital expenditures out of ‘08, but we were able to make meaningful progress in ‘08 and then obviously again in ‘09.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup: But the Sioux scrubber will continue as planned and the majority of the regulated capital expenditures continue to be in the budget.
Warner Baxter: Yes, by and large the Sioux scrubber was – it is a little bit delayed from what our original plans were but we are going to continue to move forward at Sioux scrubber on a more expedited basis than we had discussed in the fall.
Greg Gordon – Citigroup: Okay, thank you gentlemen.
Gary Rainwater: Sure.
Operator: Thank you, and the next question is from Yiktat Fung from Zimmer Lucas partners. Please go ahead with your question.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Capital: Good morning.
Gary Rainwater: Good morning.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Capital: With regards to the CapEx cuts again, are you assuming that I think during EEI, you mentioned that you could move potentially, I think $500 million of environmental CapEx from the 2009 to 2012 timeframe back to beyond 2012. Is that move assumed in your CapEx guidance that you're currently giving out?
Warner Baxter: Yes. This is Warner. You know, as it reflected right now that you are relating that to the variance request that we made to the Illinois Pollution Control Board. At this stage, our initial variance request was initially turned down what we consider on some of the sort of the technical considerations in terms of how we made the filing, and so we are going to continue to seek that variance request with the Illinois Pollution Control Board, but our existing capital expenditure budgets include those dollars in our current plans until we get a final ruling from the Illinois Pollution Control Board.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Capital: So, if you prevail there is an opportunity to potentially cut the CapEx even more?
Warner Baxter: There will be an opportunity for us to defer some of that CapEx out from the ‘09 to ‘11 time period out beyond ‘12 through ‘13 and beyond.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Capital: And when would you expect a final decision in that issue?
Gary Rainwater: No it is uncertain. The Pollution Control Board has not said a specific date, but we would expect that to be sometime in the second and third quarter, before we get a final determination on that at least at this time.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Capital: Okay. With regards to your second guidance, I was wondering if you could allocate some of those items that you listed on slide 14 that gives 2009 earnings guidance to each segment, was that both the depreciation and the pension and benefit cost. Those items that are not exactly clear where they reside in the three segments.
Warner Baxter: Sure. I guess some of those I think, we've identified as part of the conversation. For instance, the dilution and financing we had identified in our call $0.13 of the $0.23 related to the regulated operations where the rest really related to the unregulated generation. The pension and OPEB costs, Marty do you have more of a breakdown on that one?
Marty Lyons: Yes. I have more of a breakdown in terms of components being you know, active medical and pension, but not so clear of a breakdown frankly on the segment guidance.
Gary Rainwater: You know, what we can do to break that down a little bit for you. We can probably give you little bit more of that information by segment. But certainly when you look at the pension and OPEB cost primarily that in large part will be driven by the unrelated generation segment. Remember, we have this pension and OPEB cost tracker in Missouri. So that is helpful there in part as well as in the distribution system reliability, a good chunk of that still relates to the Missouri operations in Illinois, probably a little bit more in Missouri versus the Illinois at this point in time. We can come back to you with a little bit more detail and we can provide some of that certainly at Analyst Day to kind of help you through some of those specific line items if you would like us to.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Capital: Okay. That will be great. Just a couple of more questions. Can you kind of explain the out performance at the non-rate-regulated segment in 2008? I think that segment beat your – the top end of your guidance by about $0.09 and also the slight underperformance at Union Electric.
Gary Rainwater: Yes, you know, I think there are a couple of things to think about there. With regard to the unregulated generation segment that was principally driven by solid operating performance by our generating units. They delivered record generation levels, and so we are pleased to see not just the record generation levels but the improvement in overall the plan operations. So that was certainly one of the key drivers there.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Capital: Those being the higher output?
Gary Rainwater: Yes.
Warner Baxter: And I think the other thing too that power prices were a little bit better in terms of what we done, and then also we are active at the beginning of ‘08 to really hedge before prices fell later or open generation position. So it is a combination of all those things really drove the performance there. In terms of UE being slightly down, certainly we had some incremental financing cost, we had replaced our auction rate debt earlier in the year at costs, which were certainly higher; and then beyond that, I think they had a few related Callaway outages. So they had a Callaway outage later in December which you know, affected a little bit their operations, and then really it is just a bunch of cats and dogs, including some tax related items that drove it down, but nothing significant.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Capital: And just one final question, with regards to the hedging disclosure that you gave. Is that $53 that you mentioned during EEI for 2009 still valid?
Gary Rainwater: Well, what we have said, I just spoke I believe is to Paul a little bit earlier, that number for 2009 that you see on slide 13 that 95% hedge. That is at $52 per megawatt hour. That number is good.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Capital: Okay, and does that $52, is that just the around-the-clock price or it does also include the margins from capacity payments and ancillary services.
Gary Rainwater: I'm sorry, I didn't hear the question.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Capital: Is the $52 just the around-the-clock component or does that also include capacity prices? Do you also mix in the capacity revenues and the ancillary service revenues?
Gary Rainwater: Yes. Some sort of that. That is all in price.
Yiktat Fung – Zimmer Lucas Capital: All in price, okay. Thank you.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from David Frank from Catapult Capital. Please go ahead with your questions.
David Frank – Catapult Capital: Yes. Hi good morning Warner.
Warner Baxter: Good morning David.
David Frank – Catapult Capital: I guess given all the talk of uncertainties like future carbon regulation, commodity price volatility, has any of this caused the management consider divesting the coal plans, the merchant coal plans, are you married to those plans for now?
Gary Rainwater: Yes, David this is Gary. Actually, we have considered divesting in some of the units and that work hasn’t gone public yet, but we are putting in place a plan to potentially sell some of the smaller units.
David Frank – Catapult Capital: Like the small coal units in Illinois.
Gary Rainwater: The smaller coal units like Meredosia.
David Frank – Catapult Capital: Is there a market out there now for those plants do you think?
Gary Rainwater: There is potentially some market for them and we don't know the full answer to that question, but there is potentially a market. It depends on the buyer and what the buyer like co-ops and munis may be interested in those kinds of units.
David Frank – Catapult Capital: Okay. And just on that note, have you actually refiled yet with the State of Illinois on the delay of the pollution spending or can we expect you to make that filing soon?
Warner Baxter: David, this is Warner. We have refiled that. A few weeks ago, we did make that filing and so, you know, we – the process started and so we anxiously await the Illinois Pollution Control Board’s decision here later this year.
David Frank – Catapult Capital: Do we ever find out why it took them so long just to come back and say you didn't file it appropriately or you made some technical, there were some technical problems, I mean.
Gary Rainwater: You know, David, I think the Illinois Pollution Control Board addressed that in the normal course of their procedures, and so I wouldn't suggest that it was sort of a delay, you know they considered it, they made a decision. And so, we've been working with the Illinois EPA to in terms of making our amended filing, and so I wouldn't suggest that they sat on their hands in any way. I think they just went through the normal course of business.
David Frank – Catapult Capital: Okay, all right. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Jeff Coviello, Duquesne Capital. Please go ahead.
Jeff Coviello – Duquesne Capital: Hello.
Operator:
. :
Reza Hatefi – Polygon Investment Partners: Thank you. Would you also happen to have a forecasted unregulated generation number for 2010, I think 2009 you said 30 terawatt hours.
Gary Rainwater: Yes. At this time we are not providing any guidance beyond 2009 in terms of generation levels. We will be able to give some more color, when we come back to you in the spring in Analyst Day, but at this point we are sticking with just 2009.
Reza Hatefi – Polygon Investment Partners: Okay, and how about percentage hedged for 2011 for power. Is that available now or –
Gary Rainwater: No at this point we, you know, we are not providing the specifics but certainly when you look at it, you know, we already had the swap out there, which we entered into some time ago and that was probably approximately 25% of the overall generation under historical generation levels. But beyond that, no we are not providing any other guidance for 2011 at this point in time.
Reza Hatefi – Polygon Investment Partners: Okay, and back at EEI you had – I think you also spoke about this today a little bit. You had forecasted $50 million to $100 million of operating expense reductions I think at the unregulated operations for 2009. Is that still the range? Is that still good for O&M cut $50 million to $100 million and is that, is that – is it better to – is that a cut versus 2008 levels or is that an elimination of expected higher O&M that is no longer there in ’09?
Warner Baxter: Sure. With regard to the guidance we gave you, we bet those reductions were achieved in the unrelated generation business. In terms of, you know, eliminated versus deferred, I think frankly it is a combination of some of those depending upon certain of the capital expenditures, which obviously drive some of the O&M as well, but I don't have a specific breakdown as to which of that would be entirely eliminated prospectively versus what may show up in the later years.
Reza Hatefi – Polygon Investment Partners: Okay, and do you happen to have a – formulated a new estimate of sorts regarding environmental CapEx going forward. I guess some of that is still up in the air with the Illinois issues, but is there any update on that at all.
Warner Baxter: You know, in terms of the overall environmental, you know, what we will do certainly at the end of this month, we will provide the information in our 10-K that will outline our five-year capital expenditure plan, and we will have some insight in there in terms of environmental, and reflected in there will be some color around the various issues that we’ve talked about including not just the Illinois Pollution Control Board, but obviously care [ph] has been reinstated. So we will have to reflect those provisions in our guidance as well as, you know, other rules associated with the Illinois EPAs rules and regulations. (inaudible) give you some more color here very soon on that and certainly when we come back to you at our Analyst meeting, we will be able to give you even more in-depth discussion around that.
Reza Hatefi – Polygon Investment Partners: Thank you very much.
Warner Baxter: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Mr. Jeff Coviello. Please go ahead with your questions.
Gary Rainwater: Jeff, are you there? We obviously are having phone connection problems with you because if you speaking, we obviously can't hear you. So operator if you can go to the next question please.
Operator: Thank you. Mr. Coviello's line has now disconnected. I do apologize. Again the next question is from Michael Lapides from Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead sir.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Guys, a couple of just CapEx related questions. Can you just refresh our memories which coal plants on the non-reg side you're scrubbing in 2009 and adding SCRs to?
Gary Rainwater: In 2009, we are scrubbing Coffeen plant and Duck Creek plant. And SCRs, we've already added at Coffeen and any others.
Warner Baxter: I don’t recall any other SCRs. I think that is it.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: And how long are the outages at each plant as you are finishing up installing the scrubbers, I mean just on average?
Gary Rainwater: I can’t give you a precise number, but it is in the range of 12 weeks to tie in the scrubber for the final operation.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Got it, and when we think about the Illinois requirements that exist today regardless of, you know, assuming current rules no variance, which are the plants that have to be scrubbed or have SCRs on them by 2013 or 2014?
Gary Rainwater: The Newton plant and Edwards plant and those are the two that we asked for variance from the Illinois Pollution Control Board in order to move those out into the later years. I still am fairly confident that we will get that, but in the meantime we have moved that capital requirement back into the earlier years, and so it is reflected in our current capital estimates for ’09, beginning in ‘09.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Meaning that you’ve got in your ‘09 CapEx guidance some CapEx related to putting scrubbers on either or both Newton and Edwards that may actually get pushed out if you get the variance?
Gary Rainwater: That is correct. It is in ‘09, ‘10 and ‘11 currently and would get pushed on beyond that time period if we get the variance.
Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs: Got it. Okay, thank you guys.
Gary Rainwater: Thank you Mike.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Steve Gambuzza from Longbow Capital. Please go ahead.
Steve Gambuzza – Longbow Capital: Good morning. Following up on Michael’s question, what exactly is the non-regulated CapEx guidance for 2009?
Gary Rainwater: Sure. Why don’t I try and actually just give the specifics for all the segments, because my guess is that that is of interest to the entire group. I mean in general, the Missouri regulated segments will have capital expenditures of about $835 million. The Illinois regulated segment is right around $440 million. The unregulated or non-rate-regulated generation segment is around $400 million, and then we have other capital expenditures of approximately $10 million, which should bring you very close to the numbers that we have identified for our capital expenditures of approximately $1.7 billion.
Steve Gambuzza – Longbow Capital: Okay, and Coffeen and Duck Creek will those scrubber installations be completed in 2009?
Gary Rainwater: Duck Creek is being completed now and Coffeen is in early 2010.
Steve Gambuzza – Longbow Capital: Okay, will – what percentage of Coffeen’s capital cost will be completed by the end of 2009? Will it be substantially complete in terms of the capital spending?
Gary Rainwater: Say, most of it will be done by then.
Steve Gambuzza – Longbow Capital:
 :
Gary Rainwater: I think with regard to – is your question, I mean the Coffeen and Duck Creek are moving forward?
Steve Gambuzza – Longbow Capital: Yes.
Gary Rainwater: So your question relates to Newton and Edwards. Yes, I think with regard to 2009 that number probably ranges between $30 million to $50 million that can be moved out as a result of that. The bigger impact for those frankly are in the ‘10 and ‘11 time period.
Steve Gambuzza – Longbow Capital: Okay.
Gary Rainwater: Okay.
Steve Gambuzza – Longbow Capital: And is the non-environmental kind of maintenance related CapEx at the non-reg is that in the kind of $50 million to $100 million range?
Gary Rainwater: I would say in terms of when you look at the unregulated generation, you look at the discretionary CapEx or the nonenvironmental CapEx that has been taken down very meaningfully in terms of where they are at. So, I'm not sure, it is something less than $100 million in terms of –
Warner Baxter: $100 million would be a more normal number, I think it is in the 20 to 40 range.
Steve Gambuzza – Longbow Capital: Okay. So it looks like there is roughly $300 million in 2009 for finishing Coffeen and Duck Creek.
Gary Rainwater: You know, I think in terms of the specifics, you know, I think we can come back to you in terms of what those specific projects are in terms of ’09. I think that to say that that is exactly that number. I think I'd like to hold off on that and then we can provide some more guidance to you on that specifically later.
Steve Gambuzza – Longbow Capital: Okay, and you pointed about the non-regulated O&M expense reductions of $50 million to $100 million that is embedded in your 2009 outlook, and I guess that is not necessarily $50 million to $100 million sequential decline or it is versus what your old plan was. Is that the way to think about it?
Warner Baxter: Well, you know, I think when we look at the $50 million to $100 million, yes. And indeed that is in our plan, number one, and then two when we talked about that before when you look at overall O&M expenditures compared to ‘08 levels those are the kind of numbers that we are trying to achieve and we did.
Steve Gambuzza – Longbow Capital: Can you give a sense for sequentially what that means of what ‘09 non-reg O&M would be sequentially versus where ‘08 came out?
Gary Rainwater: In terms of the top, I do not have that on top of my head in terms of what that would be. I'm sorry.
Steve Gambuzza – Longbow Capital: Okay, and then finally at your 2008 Analyst Day you provided an outlook on estimated fuel costs for the non-reg business as well as your hedge position, which has been substantially filled out, particularly – essentially all in 2009 and that 2010 piece with the signing of the transport contracts has been substantially filled out, and at that time you forecasted non-regulated fuel costs to rise by $2 a megawatt hour in ‘09 versus ‘08 and then a further $2 a megawatt hour in 2010. This seems – this is obviously very important information. I was wondering if you could provide any additional color on that now or if not should we do know, at least think of those – those increases are still being in the ballpark of what you have locked in.
Gary Rainwater: Sure. I think what we can provide you is ‘09 versus anything beyond that because consistent with what we said, we are going to stick to our ‘09 numbers and then provide the other information in an appropriate fashion either at Analyst Day or even and later, but when you look at ‘09 for the unregulated generation, we expect those fuel costs to come in around $23 per megawatt hour roughly for 2009, which is up a little bit from what I think will were in Analyst Day.
Steve Gambuzza – Longbow Capital: And what was the driver that was just the potential, was it on – can you comment on what diverged in terms of you know, driving those costs higher.
Gary Rainwater: I think, number one, we had some more environmental requirements in terms of what we had to do to increase those costs so that was part of that increase I think in terms of where we ultimately landed. Remember, we still had some of the transportation costs. But then the other piece, remember we had, and we talked about this during the year, was the Exxon contract termination. Remember, we said that we picked up the entire gain.
Steve Gambuzza – Longbow Capital: Okay.
Gary Rainwater:
 :
Steve Gambuzza – Longbow Capital:
 :
Gary Rainwater: That is right.
Steve Gambuzza – Longbow Capital: Okay.
Gary Rainwater: It is an apples-to-apples comparison. So that is one of the biggest drivers and that is probably $25 million to $30 million.
Steve Gambuzza – Longbow Capital: Pre-tax.
Gary Rainwater: Yes.
Steve Gambuzza – Longbow Capital: Okay. That's very helpful and then your –
Gary Rainwater: Steve, we do remember we did get paid for that.
Steve Gambuzza – Longbow Capital: Yes, understood.
Gary Rainwater: We get paid for that.
Steve Gambuzza – Longbow Capital: So that you received the cash in ’08.
Gary Rainwater: That is correct.
Steve Gambuzza – Longbow Capital: Okay, and then your financing plans $500 dollars at the Genco, you know, clearly credit markets have improved and there is kind of a window now that exists. You know, are you – but it seems like this, who knows how long this window will last. Could you comment on what part of the year you might consider doing that that Genco financing?
Gary Rainwater: Do you know, as I said in my talking points, in terms of our overall financing plan, whether it be debt, equity or linked directly, we are going to be opportunistic and proactive and access through the markets to finance our plans including looking at this unregulated generation financings. Certainly, we strongly believe that the actions that we have taken in terms of not just capital expenditure reductions but also the action that we took with regard to the dividend, obviously is credit enhancing and will give us greater ability to execute all of those financings not just in 2009 and beyond. So, in terms of timing, you know, I think that as you point out, we will watch carefully the markets. We will access it when we believe it is appropriate to get reasonable terms to get that across the finish line.
Steve Gambuzza – Longbow Capital: Is it fair to say you like to get the Illinois Pollution Control Board situation resolved before proceeding with that financing?
Gary Rainwater: You know that is a factor. Certainly it is a factor to say that is the factor and the only factor that would not be appropriate to say that.
Steve Gambuzza – Longbow Capital: Okay. Thank you for your time.
Gary Rainwater: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Zach Schreiber from Duquesne Capital. Please go ahead with your questions.
Jeff Coviello – Duquesne Capital: I think let us try this again. Can you guys hear me?
Gary Rainwater: Yes Jeff.
Jeff Coviello – Duquesne Capital: It is actually Jeff.
Gary Rainwater: Hi, Jeff. I am sorry.
Jeff Coviello – Duquesne Capital: Sorry about that. I don’t know what happened.
Gary Rainwater: You beat me here.
Jeff Coviello – Duquesne Capital: I wanted to ask two questions. The first is on the strategic review of the coal plants you mentioned earlier in the call. I'm just wondering if that encompassed all the units or you’re only really looking at the small ones. Or if it could, in fact, give the whole segment and then the second question just has to do with 2010 hedging and I realize you're not going to give out an exact number, but is it – do you think if it being above the 2009 number as far as the price you hedged at or below it.
Warner Baxter: I will address the second question and let Gary, you know, tackle the strategy one here in a moment. In terms of the other, I really don't want to give sort of you know, leaning one way or the other. It is just – it wouldn’t be appropriate at this point in time. I will say as we said in the past that we were aggressively trying to hedge out some of those positions in those outer years. Obviously, as you know, the liquidity in those markets began to dry up more so as the year went on in 2008, but we have put some of those positions on earlier as you even saw some of our earlier presentations in terms of hedge percentages were. So, we will be able to give you some more of that insight, as well as to think that would be helpful when we talk more. We will be, obviously, we are a peak [ph] process, which is going to be taking place in Illinois (inaudible) sometime in the second or third quarter. And so that will be instructed to in terms of not just ‘10 but also some of the years beyond ’09. We will be able to give you some of that. Now, let Gary comment a little bit more on the final strategies and thinking around the unregulated generation plans.
Gary Rainwater: Yes, Jeff as far as the strategic review, we still believe that our merchant generation business is a good complement to the regulated business. It is just as not a business so that we can count on to pay the dividend year-after-year because of the volatility of the commodity cycle. But a good point to note though is that even with this downside market that we are seeing now which is probably the worst recession that the US has experienced in 40 or 50 years and severe down commodity market. You know, we are weathering this reasonably well. We do expect to see an earnings decline this year and soft earnings for a couple of years, but we expect this business to remain positive and be a good earnings contributor to our company long-term. The strategy though that we are kind of moving to with the reduced dividend is the ability to pay the dividend from the regulated businesses. And as the earnings in the regulated businesses grow, we would hope to grow the dividend in the future, and we have materials in fact included in our material. As you can see that with the increase in earnings this year of $1.75, we are able to fully cover the dividend from our regulated businesses.
Jeff Coviello – Duquesne Capital: And so I guess so, on the non-reg strategic review then is just looking at individual assets, I think some smaller assets.
Gary Rainwater:
 :
Jeff Coviello – Duquesne Capital: Okay, thank you very much.
Operator: Thank you. The next question is from Mr. Scott Engstrom from Blenheim Capital. Please go ahead.
Scott Engstrom – Blenheim Capital: Thank you. Good morning.
Gary Rainwater: Good morning Scott.
Scott Engstrom – Blenheim Capital: Question on slide 11 and 14. On 11, you have the segment guidance and on the non-regulated ‘08 was $1.59 and the midpoint of ‘09 would be $1.20. So call that a round number is $0.40 delta year-over-year? And then on slide and I guess these questions have kind of been asked in different ways but maybe I will be more direct. Slide 14, you show, specifically your $0.5 from margin. I'm just trying to pick up the other $0.35. I think what you said is – the dilution is of that dilution $0.23 of $0.11 is at regulated or $0.12 is at regulated. So, I still assume $0.11 is non-regulated. Is that right?
Warner Baxter: Yes. I think the answer $0.23 was the dilution of which – yes, I mean, I think you've got that accurate.
Scott Engstrom – Blenheim Capital: And you said substantially a large portion of the pension would be non-reg. So, if I said that was $0.06 and that gets me – those three items would get me to $0.22. Can you help fill the gap on where the other $0.18 is?
Warner Baxter: If I can try and answer your question, I think that on the pension and OPEB that I would say substantially, obviously a piece of that is part of the Illinois regulated operations as well, and then in trying to fill the rest of the gap, you know, I think you've got the depreciation and amortization is a meaningful number in there too, and a piece of that is not just the regulated operations, but a part of that will also be the unregulated.
Scott Engstrom – Blenheim Capital: Okay. That is $0.15 in total. I assume maybe a third of that is unregulated. Is that going to be ballparkish?
Warner Baxter: I think that, you know, we can – Marty do you have any more specifics on that breakdown?
Marty Lyons: I don't have the specifics but I actually think the depreciation and amortization may be closer to half non-rate-regulated. Some of the projects we discussed earlier like the scrubber project at Duck Creek when those types of assets going to serve us will be using sort of a higher depreciation rate, I would say on those than some of our historical plants. So – okay.
Gary Rainwater: And I think Scott you look at, for instance, the other taxes. I mean, you start picking up cats and dogs. And you probably have $0.03 to $0.04 of those other taxes related to some incremental property taxes we expect to incur at the unregulated generation segment. So, you know, I think that you started picking up those pieces here and there, you just started getting close to that reconciliation. We can, again in terms of the Analyst Day, we can provide some more substantive reconciliation if that would be helpful for you to identify or try to reconcile the numbers on a segment by segment basis.
Scott Engstrom – Blenheim Capital: Okay, and then that will be – I will look forward to that, and if I focus just on the dilution line, say $0.11 just back on the envelope that is about $30 million pre-tax. Does that come from essentially financing negative free cash flows or is that related to higher financing costs. I mean how do you break that down between new financing and higher rates?
Warner Baxter: You know, I think it is really a combination of both of those. I mean, we're going to refinance some existing debt which is out there, as we laid out in the slide coupled with the fact that yes, we are experiencing negative free cash flow. We talked about the negative $500 million cash flow on an Ameren basis, and so as we said we are going to be out there issuing approximately $500 million of unregulated debt financings, and our plan is for 2009 and that is the combination to replace lower-cost, which is existing – which is outstanding already but also to access the markets to finance our existing operation.
Scott Engstrom – Blenheim Capital: Last question, just trying to think about the impact of implementing the fuel cost at Missouri. If I look at on slide 14, the $0.39 impact of the rate case. Does that fix up I assume the uplift from getting the fuel cost and is the $0.06 of other electric and gas margin negative – the $0.06 negative. Does that capture losing some of the off-system sales? Is that how I should think about?
Marty Lyons: Yes. This is Marty. Let me try to help you with that. I think in terms of, you know, the Missouri rate case that what that $0.39 is, it is really the rate increase that we get, which is about $162 million less the amortizations we talked about on the call of about $12 million. And then it is about 10 months of that. That gives you the $0.39. So it doesn't incorporate the switch over to the FAC. That amount is buried down there, if you will, in the $0.06 of negative regulated electric and gas margins, and what you see down there is both the change in, you know, the January and February margins your year-over-year from ’08 to ‘09 prior to the rate increase going into effect and the FAC going into effect. It also incorporates the impact of moving from no FAC to an FAC, and as we provided you, I believe it was on slide 15, where we gave you the break down of the – what was in our 2008 actual income statement in terms of fuel costs in off-system sales, which was $277 million versus what was included in the rates that the commission grant, which was $328 million. That is the delta of about $51 million and that is actually on slide 9, I apologize. I think I directed you to the wrong slide, but that $51 million increase is included in that the rate increase granted by the commission. So, you would actually to figure out the impact again take ten-twelfths of that for the 2009 impact, which is about a $42 million 2009 increase in fuel expense that is embedded in the $162 million increase that the commission granted. So what you're seeing down there is those two items, the 2009 fuel cost increases, the change in January and February margins, and then that has been partially offset by load mix changes, and you know, other elements of margin that are not included in the FAC.
Gary Rainwater: Vivian [ph], we have time for one more question.
Operator: Okay. Thank you very much. The next question is from Phyllis Gray from Dwight Asset Management. Please go ahead.
Phyllis Gray – Dwight Asset Management: Good morning.
Gary Rainwater: Good morning, Phyllis.
Phyllis Gray – Dwight Asset Management: Could you tell me if the cash flow forecast on slide 16 reflects the Noranda outage impact?
Gary Rainwater: I'm sorry Phyllis. Could you – we didn't hear that. Could you say again please?
Phyllis Gray – Dwight Asset Management: Can you hear me better?
Gary Rainwater: Yes. That is much better. Thank you.
Phyllis Gray – Dwight Asset Management: Does the cash flow forecast on slide 16 reflects of the outage at the Noranda plant?
Gary Rainwater: The cash flow forecast. No it does not, it does not reflect that.
Phyllis Gray – Dwight Asset Management: Okay, thank you. And I'm sorry if I missed it, did you talk about any need for a cash contribution to your pension plan this year?
Warner Baxter: No, we haven't addressed that but our practice is to make a cash contribution equal to the expense. So, even though we would not have a required contribution this year, we would plan to make a contribution equal to the expense for the pension plans.
Phyllis Gray – Dwight Asset Management: Okay, and is that included in your cash flow forecast on slide 16?
Warner Baxter: Yes it is.
Phyllis Gray – Dwight Asset Management: Very good. Thanks very much.
Warner Baxter: You're welcome.
Gary Rainwater: We like to thank you all for participating in this call. Let me remind you again that this call is available through February 24th on playback, and for one year on our website. The announcement carries instructions on listening to the playback. You can also call the contacts listed on our news release. Financial analyst enquiry should be directed to Doug Fisher. Media should call Susan Gallagher. Doug and Susan's contact numbers are on the news release. Again, thanks for dialing in.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. And as said, this conference will be available for replay after 9 a.m. Mountain Standard Time today until February 24, 2009, at 23:59 Mountain Standard Time. Thank you. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for your participation. You may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q3  (2008-11-04 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Douglas Fischer - Director of IR Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman, and CEO Warner L. Baxter - EVP and CFO Charles Naslund - Chairman, President and CEO of AmerenEnergy Resources and Chairman and President of AmerenEnergy Generating Company
Analysts: Greg Gordon - Citigroup Yiktak Fung - Zimmer Lucas Capital Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets Daniele Seitz - Seitz Research Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Ben Sung - Luminous Management
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ameren Corporation 2008 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. [Operator Instructions]. This conference is being recorded today Tuesday, November 04, 2008. I would now like to turn the conference over to Doug Fischer. Please go ahead, sir.
Douglas Fischer - Director of Investor Relations: Thank you and good morning. I'm Doug Fischer, Director of Investor Relations for Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today is our Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer, Gary Rainwater; our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Warner Baxter; our Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, Marty Lyons; our Vice President and Treasurer, Jerre Birdsong and other members of the Ameren Management Team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call will be available by telephone for one week to anyone who wishes to hear it by dialing a playback number. The announcement you received in our news release carrying instructions on replaying the call by telephone. This call is also being broadcast live on the Internet and the webcast will be available for one year on our website www.ameren.com. This call contains time sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast. Redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. I also need to let you know that comments made on this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. For additional information concerning these statements we ask you to read the forward-looking statements section in the news release we issued today and the forward-looking statements and risk factors sections in our periodic filings with the SEC. To assist in our call this morning we have posted presentation slides on our website that we will refer to during this call. To access this presentation you may look in the investors' section of our website under presentation or follow the links for the webcast. Gary will begin this call with an overview of key third quarter 2008 operations and regulatory developments as well as comments on the current volatility in the financial markets and our strategies to address this issue. Warner will follow with the discussion of our third quarter 2008 financial results and revised 2008 earnings guidance as well as provide some more detailed comments on our available liquidity and other issues related to the current financial markets. We will then open the call for questions. Here is Gary.
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Doug. Good morning and thank you for joining us. This morning we reported non-GAAP or core earnings per share of $1.17 per share for the third quarter of 2008 down from $1.33 we earned in the same period in 2007. The fact that earnings declined from the year ago quarter was not a surprise given last year's very hot summer weather which drove higher electric margins in the 2007 period. In addition, as we previously discussed with you in 2008, we expected rising costs for, among other things, fuel and enhancements to distribution system reliability. However, the magnitude of the decline was somewhat greater than expected because of weaker than expected power prices and milder that normal weather this quarter. As you all know, we've seen tremendous volatility in power prices this year and most recently meaningful downward pressure on these prices. Lower power prices and the mild third quarter weather are the primary reasons we narrowed our core earnings guidance range for 2008 to $2.80 to $3 per share, which is in the lower half of our previous guidance range of $2.80 to $3.20 per share. Warner will go through these items in more details in his remarks. Turning now to some key regulatory developments, in September, we received a rate order in Illinois. Specifically on September 24th, the Illinois Commerce Commission or ICC authorized increases in rates for AmerenCIPS, AmerenCILCO, and AmerenIP totaling approximately $161 million based on a lot of returns on equity of 10.65% for electric delivery service and 10.68% for gas delivery service; and common equity range ratios ranging from approximately 47% to 52%. These increases were about 78% of our updated 2007... $207 million request. Across the Ameren Illinois Utilities pledged to limit overall residential electric bill increases to 10% in the first year of new rates. AmerenIP's electric rates will be approximately $10 million lower than the authorized level until October 1, 2009. The ICC also approved an increase in the supply cost adjustment or SCA factors which is expected to increase electric revenues by another $10 million per year. The SCA is a change applied only to bills of customers who take power supply from the Ameren Illinois Utilities and it covers the increased cost of administering power supply responsibilities. While the ICC did not accept our gas revenue decoupling proposal, it did approve an increase in the monthly charge for gas, residential customers to 80% of fixed delivery service cost versus the prior 53%. This will make our gas utility earnings less sensitive to volume metric swings. The new Illinois rates went into effect on October 1st. These increased rates will improve the earnings and cash flows of the Ameren Illinois Utilities from their depressed levels. However, we continue to expect that these rates will not keep pace with the level of cost we're currently experiencing. Consequently we are evaluating the timing of our next rate case filings in Illinois. As we've said in the past, we expect to file rate cases more frequently in the future to minimize regulatory lag as well as to make bill increases more manageable for customers. Importantly, we do consider this rate order a positive side of the progress that we're making in Illinois to restore financial stability and help to the Ameren Illinois Utilities. Two of the credit rating agencies concurred with this assessment as Standard & Poor's and Fitch, recently raised their ratings for our Illinois Utilities. Moody's has our Illinois Utilities ratings on positive outlook as well. Turning now to Missouri, AmerenUE has requested an annual electric revenue increase of approximately $251 million due to the higher costs across its business, including fuel and reliability costs as well as higher infrastructure investments. Critical aspect of this case is AmerenUE's request to implement a fuel and purchase power cost recovery mechanism. On August 28th, the Missouri Public Service Commission staff and also the public council and interveners filed their initial recommendations in the case. The staff recommended a $51 million increase based on a 9.5% return on equity and the 51% equity ratio. Further the Missouri Commission staff did not support our request for a fuel and purchase power cost recovery mechanisms. While each utilities situation differs, its worth noting that the Missouri Public Service Commission authorized a 10.8% return on equity for Empire District Electric in late 2008 close to the 10.9% return we've requested in our case. In addition, the Missouri Commission has approved fuel and purchase power cost recovery mechanisms for Aquila and the Empire District Electric in the recent past. For us each case stands on its own merit. However, we believe we presented a strong case to the Missouri Public Service Commission on these issues. As you know, the need for utilities to have strong cash flows and good credit ratings, solid overall returns on their investments, and the ability to access the credit markets on a timely basis has never been more apparent than it is right now, as we try to navigate our business through very challenging financial markets. The bottom line is that achieving a constructive outcome in the AmerenUE rate case is critical to our ability to continue to invest in our Missouri infrastructure. So, that we'll be able to meet our customer's expectations for safe and reliable service, access to credit markets to finance our operations, as well as provide solid returns to our shareholders. Hearings run from mid November through early December and an order is expected from the Missouri Commission in late January or early February 2009 with new rates effective March 1st. Moving on, I am very pleased to say that we have good news to report on the operations front. In October, our Callaway nuclear plant completed its first ever record breaker run. This means the plant operated from one refueling to the next, without ever being out of service. Callaway was online for 520 days. The plant is one of only 26 in the nations 104 nuclear units to achieve a record run of more than 500 days. We are very proud of Callaway's achievements. The unit is now undergoing its scheduled refueling and maintenance outage, the outage is expected to take approximately 25 to 30 days and we expect the unit to be online later this week. We also have good news on the coal fired plant generation front. Our non rate regulated coal fired units turned in solid performance this quarter with equivalent availability rising about 5% to approximately 89%, compared to the third quarter of 2007. Now I'd like to discuss with you our perspectives on the capital and credit markets, as well as the current economic environment we're experiencing and the related impacts on our business. As you know, the global financial markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruption in 2008 and in particular since early September. This disruption has led to major financial institution coming under financial duress, significant strains in the capital and credit markets, deteriorating global economic conditions, and steep declines in stock prices. The United States government and governments around the world have established programs aimed at strengthening the global financial system. We are encouraged by these efforts and we believe that in time, these efforts will benefit the financial markets. However, in the interim these events have impacted our company and we believe they will continue to impact us throughout 2009 and perhaps longer. In terms of the economy, we believe the disruption in the capital and credit markets, will further weaken economic conditions as the more limited access to credit and the higher costs of capital to business will reduce spending, resulting in job losses and pressuring economic growth. This weak economic conditions could lead lower sales and higher bad debt expenses for us among things. In terms of sales growth, we have historically targeted a modest overall electric growth rate of 1.25% annually. For the nine months ending September, our weather sensitive residential and commercial electric sales were down 5% and 3% respectively compared to the year ago period. However, these decreases were driven by the milder summer weather this quarter compared to our very hot summer last year. After adjusting for weather, our combined residential and commercial electric sales increased approximately 1% for the first nine months of 2008 compared to the year ago period. Separately, our industrial sales were down about 4% for the first nine months of 2008 compared to the year ago period reflecting the soft economy. While these lower sales have had minimal impact on our operation so far in 2008, it is a situation that we will continue to closely monitor. With regard to the extreme disruption in the capital and credit markets, we believe this has made our ability to access the capital in credit markets to support our operations and refinance short-term debt more challenging. To navigate through these markets, we are proactively managing our finances while remaining sharply focused on continuing to provide our customers with safe and reliable electric service as well as comply with Federal and State environmental reliability and other regulations. On October 31, 2008, our available liquidity which represents our cash on hand and amounts available other our credit facilities, stood at approximately $1.45 billion, that's up about $550 million from the same time last year. Despite the solid available liquidity, we have identified opportunities and are developing contingency plans that would defer or reduce planned capital spending and operating expenses to reduce our financing needs in these uncertain markets. Specifically, we are reducing expected 2009 operating and capital expenditures and our non rate regulated generation business segment by a total of $400 million to $500 million. Other meaningful cost deferral and reduction opportunities have been identified throughout the rest of our business that we will execute in the event that capital and credit markets continue to be disrupted. In our regulated businesses and administrative support functions, we've identified approximately $400 million to $500 million of planned 2009 expenditures which maybe deferred into future periods. These expenditures are primarily capital, primarily generation related and are discretionary. Separately, because the Federal Clean Air Interstate and Mercury rules were vacated by the courts. We are seeking a variance from the Illinois Pollution Control Board through an environmental requirement in Illinois for our non rate regulated generation business. In preparing this request, we worked with the Illinois EPA and agreed to some additional emission rate reductions, make the variants proposal environmentally neutral. As a result, the agency has indicated they will not oppose the variance. These variance would allow us to defer approximately $500 million of environmental capital expenditures that were scheduled in the 2009 to 2012 timeframe. Warner will go into some more detail on these matters in a moment. However, the important point is that we are proactively taking prudent actions to modify our short-term plans to address the current economic and financial market uncertainties. It's important to note that any expenditure control initiatives would be balanced against our continued long-term commitment to invest in our energy infrastructure to provide safe, reliable service to our customers to meet Federal and State environmental reliability and other regulations and the need to maintain a solid overall liquidity and credit profile to meet our operating capital and financing needs. To wrap up, our management team remains very focused on successfully navigating our company through the current challenging market and economic conditions and executing our long-term strategic plan for the benefit of our customers as well as to enhanced shareholder value above current depressed levels, which I believe do not reflect the strong underlying value of our company. I'll now turn it over to Warner to discuss in more detail our third quarter results as well as our current available liquidity position and future plans.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Gary. I would now like to refer you to the slide presentation on our website that Doug mentioned, as I provide a more detailed discussion of our third quarter 2008 earnings. Turning first to page 3 of our slide presentation. Today we announced third quarter 2008 net income in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles of $204 million or $0.97 per share compared to third quarter 2007 GAAP net income of $244 million or $1.18 per share. Excluding certain items in each year, Ameren recorded third quarter 2008 core or non-GAAP income of $246 million or $1.17 per share compared to third quarter 2007 core net income of $277 million or $1.33 per share. We recorded several significant items in the third quarter of 2008 that we have excluded from our core earnings. Net unrealized mark-to-market losses from non-qualifying hedges produced third quarter 2008 net income at $0.17 per share as compared to net unrealized gains of $0.03 per share in the third quarter of 2007. These unrealized mark-to-market losses in the third quarter were primarily driven by a decline in the value of heating oil option contracts as well as the decline in the cash surrender value of company owned life insurance policies offset in part by unrealized mark-to-market gains related to power sales contracts. As you know, we're utilizing heating oil option contracts to hedge the volatility of diesel fuel price adjustments embedded in coal transportation contracts for the period 2008 through 2012. The value of these non-qualifying hedges will vary overtime based on then current prices. You may recall we had significant gains earlier in the year. Of course in the long run, a decline in diesel fuel prices is beneficial for our company. Continuing with non-core items, Red Cross associated with the Illinois comprehensive electric rate relief and customer system settlement agreement reached in 2007, reduced GAAP earnings by $0.03per share in the third quarter 2008 and $0.18 per share in the third quarter 2007. As Gary said earlier, our core earnings per share in the third quarter 2008 were lower than core earnings per share in the same period in 2007. The negative impacts of milder summer weather, higher fuel prices, and increased spending on utility distribution system reliability among other things more than offset the positive impacts of higher electric margins from our non rate regulative generation operations and the timing benefit of seasonally redesigned electric rates in Illinois. Continuing with slide 3 of the presentation and focusing only on some of the more significant items. The effect of seasonally redesigned rates in Illinois raised earnings by $0.11 per share compared to the prior year period. We have recalled that in late 2007, the Illinois Commerce Commission authorized redesigned electric rates, reduced seasonal fluctuations for residential customers, use electricity to heat their homes. Over the course of the full year, this rate redesign is not expected to have any net impact on earnings. Other electric and gas margins increased $0.16 per share in the third quarter of 2008 compared to the prior period primarily as a result of higher realized electric margins. Higher margins were primarily driven by the solid performance of our non rate regulated generating units where their equivalent of availability rose to 89% up 5% from last year third quarter. Mild summer weather had a significant impact on the third quarter reducing earnings by an estimated $0.18 per share compared to the prior year period. Cooling degree days in the third quarter of 2008 were 27% below those in the third quarter of 2007 and 6% below normal. We also continue to experience higher costs for fuel and related transportation which reduced third quarter 2008 earnings by $0.08 per share compared to the prior year period. Distribution system reliability expenditures reduced earnings by $0.06 per share in the third quarter of 2008 compared to the year ago period and continued to make significant incremental investments to improve reliability and customer satisfaction. Net debt, depreciation and amortization, financing, and other expenses also increased year-over-year in the quarter. Before I move on to an update of full year 2008 earnings guidance, I'd like to remind you of a few factors that will impact fourth quarter results. As we discussed earlier, our Callaway Nuclear is in the midst of a refueling and maintenance outage. We estimate that the cost of this outage will reduce fourth quarter 2008 earnings by approximately $0.10 per share versus the fourth quarter of 2007. In addition, as we have previously disclosed, seasonally we design electric rates in Illinois are expected to reduce fourth quarter 2008 earnings by $0.05 per share versus the prior year quarter. Of course, power prices remain volatile. However, our exposure to changing market prices for the rest of the year is mitigated in part by the fact that we have hedged all but approximately $2.5 million megawatt hours, our company wide expected fourth quarter generation. Moving onto our 2008 guidance on slide 4, as we stated in our news release this morning, we now expect our core earnings to be in the range of $2.80 to $3 per share which represents a narrowing of our guidance range. Revised guidance takes in to account the mild summer weather and lower than expected power prices in the second half of the year. Our prior guidance range was $2.80 to $3.20 per share. On our second quarter earnings conference call, we stated that the then recent significant declines in power prices if they persist could have meaningful impacts on our financial results for 2008 and beyond. We would expect to see a modest strengthening in power prices as we move through the summer, cooling and tropical storm seasons. This expected strengthening in 2008 power prices has not materialized due in part to generally mild summer weather and the impact of the economic slow down from commodity prices including the price of natural gas which impacts power prices. We also adjusted our expectations for 2008 GAAP earnings in the range of $2.80 to $3 per share versus our previous estimate of $2.80 to $3.20 per share. Our GAAP earnings guidance includes the estimated $0.12 per share negative impact for the Illinois comprehensive electric rate relief and customer assistance settlement agreement, the $0.08 per share benefit from the coal contract settlement related to expected 2009 costs, and the $0.04 per share positive impact for the Missouri storm accounting order. Any net unrealized mark-to-market gains or losses will impact GAAP earnings, but are excluded from our GAAP and core earnings guidance as the company is unable to reasonably estimate the impact of any gains or losses due to the volatility of markets. On page 5 of our slide presentation, we've also updated our core earnings guidance by segment. Ameren's consolidated end segment guidance for 2008 assumes normal weather and is subject to among other things regulatory decisions and legislative actions, plant operations, energy and capital market conditions, severe storms, unusual or otherwise unexpected gains or losses, and other risks and uncertainties outlined or referred to in the forward-looking statement section of our news release. Next, I would like to continue our discussion of the current capital and credit markets as well as the weak economic environment, related implications for our business, and our plan to address these issues. Gary discussed earlier the impacts that economic conditions had on our customer sales. Another area, we are closely monitoring is bad debt expense. This year, we have seen bad debt expenses rise most notably in our Illinois regulated operations. While it's too early to predict how the weakened economy will impact our future bad expenses, we continue to proactively work with our customers and local agencies to help develop payment plans for our customers who are in need of assistance. In addition as you well know, the deteriorating global economic conditions have had a severe impact on financial markets worldwide. This has resulted in sharp decreases in the value of the investment portfolios, of many pension and post-retirement benefit plans. We continue to assess the impact of these poor investment returns, as well changing discount rates could have on our future benefits expenses and funding requirements. However, it is important to note that we currently have a pension and post-retirement benefit plan tracking mechanism in Missouri that would mitigate any potential increases and expenses. Further, we expect our pension and post-retirement benefit funding levels in 2009 to be consistent with our expenses through our regulated operations. However, we do not anticipate any meaningful minimum required funding in accordance with the rest of 2009. Next and turning to slide 6 of our presentation, I'd like to discuss our current available liquidity position. In October 31, 2008, our available liquidity under our existing credit facilities coupled with cash on hand approximated a solid $1.45 billion. As Gary noted earlier, our available liquidity position has improved meaningfully since this time last year. This is consistent with our plan to enhance financial flexibility during these challenging markets. In addition, our available liquidity improved from September 30th. We will be able to access the long term debt markets in October and completed a $400 million senior secured financing for AmerenIP. Of the interest rate we will pay for this debt is certainly higher that what we have seen for sometime. Key point is that we were prepared and able to access the credit markets to reduce our short-term borrowings and finance our operations. One of our key strategies going forward is to have the necessary regulatory approvals and financing documents, prepared well in advance to planned financing, maximize our flexibility to access these choppy markets. Importantly, we continue to believe that we will be able to access the capital markets especially for our regulated utility operations. As we look ahead to the end of 2008, we now expect our full year negative free cash flow amount to approximate $1 billion meaningful improvement from the estimates we provided you earlier this year. This improvement in our cash flows is being driven by lower than expected capital expenditures of approximately $150 million as well as increased funds from operations. The expected higher fund from operations is due to several factors, including the coal contract settlement payment we received earlier this year related to 2009 expenditures, preferred tax benefits, and other working capital improvements. Consequently, we expect our available liquidity to remain solid through year end and throughout 2009 as we strategically access the capital markets and execute the plans that Gary laid out a bit earlier. On slide 7, we list our 2008 and 2009 debt maturities. It is important to note that we have rather modest debt maturities through the end of 2009. Regarding our existing credit facilities, $1 billion does not expire until January 2010, the $1.15 billion does not expire until July 2010. As noted on the previous slide, the size of our facilities was effectively reduced by $121 million due to the Lehman bankruptcy filing. In total, 18 banks, including Lehman subsidiary participated in these facilities with no one institution providing over 11% of the total credit under these facilities. As you would expect we're actively developing plans and strategies, to renew these facilities prior to their expiration dates. While we are proactively managing our financing plans and strategies, we have also taken a hard look to what we can do to manage our capital and operating expenditures to address the significant levels of uncertainties in the capital and credit markets. As Gary mentioned earlier, we're already executing on plans to reduce our 2009 operating and capital expenditures in our non rate regulated generation business by a total of $400 million to $500 million. Our plan in 2009, operating and capital expenditures are now expected to be $300 million to $400 million below 2008 levels for this business. We need these expenditure reductions resulting from the changes in planned outage schedules which we expect to result in approximately 3 million megawatt hours of additional generation from the estimate we provided to you earlier this year. We expect that this additional generation will provide an incremental $60 million to $70 million of electric margins in 2009 visiting today's market prices. Importantly, we do not expect that these expenditure reductions will impact our ability to meet the Illinois environmental regulations. We have also already taken steps that could allow us to defer $500 million capital expenditures in our non-regulated generation business that was scheduled in the 2009 to 2012 time period and periods beyond 2012. In addition, we have identified further meaningful expenditure reductions throughout the rest of our business. As Gary mention, we have identified $400 million to $500 million of primarily discretionary capital expenditures in our regulated businesses and administrative support functions that were originally scheduled for 2009, which maybe deferred to future periods. These capital expenditure reductions will also be $400 million to $500 million below 2008 levels. These reduction initiatives were primarily generation related, include projects such as the scrubbers at our Sioux power plant. In addition, we are reviewing information systems related projects among other things. We expect to take action on many of these initiatives in anticipation that the turbulent capital market conditions will persist through 2009. We will finalize our plans for these areas later this year or early next year. As a result, we believe we have the ability to execute on plans across our company that will reduce our expected operating and capital expenditures by approximately $1 billion in 2009 in the event the capital and credit markets continue to be disrupted. Of significance, we believe these steps are simply prudent actions made during these uncertain and volatile capital market conditions. Importantly and as Gary said earlier, we will carefully balance any expenditure control initiatives against our continued long-term commitment to invest our energy infrastructure, to provide safe, liable, electric and gas delivery service to our customers, meet Federal and State environmental liability and other regulations, and the need to maintain a solid overall liquidity and credit ratings profile to meet our operating, capital, and financing needs. In closing, we believe that capital and credit market conditions are likely to improve gradually overtime. But we expect that these markets will remain challenging throughout 2009 and potentially longer. We have plans to strategically access the capital markets through 2009 come out of our borrowings under our credit facilities. With system funding our capital expenditures, these scheduled maturities and maintain solid available liquidity levels. We are executing on plans that we believe will materially reduce cash outflows for operating and capital expenditures in our non-rate generation business. We have identified opportunities across the rest of our business which we believe will result in further meaningful expenditure reductions in 2009. The bottom line is that we are going to proactively manage all aspects for our business in a prudent fashion during these unprecedented times for the benefit of all of our stakeholders including our customers, employees, and shareholders. We look forward to meeting with you all at the EEI financial conference in Phoenix, Arizona from November 9th through 11th. This completes my prepared remarks. We will now be happy to take your questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions]. Our first question comes from the line of Greg Gordon with Citi. Please go ahead.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Thanks. Good morning gentlemen.
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning Greg, how are you?
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: I'm good. Not to beat a dead horse because I know you reiterated it a couple of times, but you've already identified 4 to $500 million of capital and O&M cost at these non-regulated business, correct?
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer: That's correct.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: I was hopping back and forth to another call, did you breakout how much of that is capital versus how much of that is O&M?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I have not, but I'll give that to you now. In terms of the unregulated generation business, and again this is related to 2009 expected spend that of the $400 million to $500 million, we estimate that the O&M piece of that is $50 million to $100 million and that the capital piece ranges from $350 million to $400 million.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Thanks. And are these deferments necessary expenditures or you have some flexibility on timing or are these expenditures that you have sort of be permanently shelved if economic conditions don't improve?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We know certainly that the majorities are deferments that we have some flexibility in terms of timing, but as we calibrate our plans; and certainly some of these expenditures could be reduced for some period of time. That piece is still under review, but its deferment as well as the potential reduction in future spending.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: And what's the total targeted megawatt hour production in deregulated business for 2009 with the $3 million... with the 3 million megawatt hours added, how much total are you expecting now?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, I think in general, as we went into the beginning of the year Greg, we expected their generation levels will be around 30 million or so. With this additional 3, we expected it to be 33 million to 34 million megawatt hours.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Thank you. And then, the $400 million to $500 million that you're contemplating potentially deferring or cutting at the regulated businesses, should I assume that there's a similar sort of percentage breakdown of operating versus capital cost as you identified on the Genco?.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, in terms of those numbers Greg, that we mentioned, those are primarily capital versus the other had a more meaningful opponent and components. But the numbers I gave was primarily capital for under regulated businesses.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Thank you. And then, you said on the pension that Missouri has a tracker. I would presume that Missouri is the vast majority, and may be it's a wrong presumption, but it is a vast majority of your pension expenses, what percentage of pension is in Missouri versus in other areas, whether there will be some lagging effect, because you have regulatory lagging in Illinois, where you'd have to manage it because it is a Genco?
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. In Missouri, I would ask about half, little more flattish roughly is the pension and post retirement benefits in that regulated business.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: And then how much in Illinois versus how much at Genco?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, with regard to that specific breakdown, I'm not quite sure maybe about 25% would be my estimate in terms of the Illinois regulated operations with Genco being the other 25%. But on that one, we will have to get back to you more specifically on that Greg.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: I'll talk to you about it. Final question, then you may not be able to answer this on the call, but if I think about your analyst presentation you gave in January and the earnings aspiration that you laid out to them, power prices were higher in Powder River Basin, coal prices were lower at least based on fuller curves. So, as we look at generation market pricing today and we look at Powder River Basin coal prices today, would you still be able to endorse the sort of $4 earning power guidance you gave for... I think it was 2011 today if you were looking the current order curves and reassessing that guidance?
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer: Greg, I think you have answered a little bit of your own question at the outset. As we said here today, its probably difficult to say how all of those factors sort of weigh in because now when you look at the changes in the power prices but as well as the coal commodity prices, but obviously we are modifying some of our short-term spending plans that we laid out in January. And so, a lot of things have changed and so we are in the process of recalibrating all of our plans across our entire enterprise and we will be able to give you a better look at all of these things when we come out and talk about our future guidance in early next year.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Alright. I do have one more question, I apologize. The... if the CapEx cuts and the O&M cuts here are meaningful and from my perspective necessary, the stock is trading frankly at the yield its trading because of investor concern over whether in a long run a company who is evolved from being a regulated company... primarily a regulated to a company that's got a significant portion of its earnings now coming from lot of the cyclical business and I think there was an implicit question as to whether the current dividend policy is the correct policy, given your... the capital intensity of the business, the volatility of the cash flows. Can you comment on how you guys are thinking about that, obviously the CapEx and O&M because you have identified, created a lot of head room in the short run, but how are you thinking about dividend policy in the long run?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. I guess I'll answer that in a couple of ways. Number one, as we laid out in January and as we still sit here today, we see that primary growth from our business is really going still come from our regulated business. That's where we are allocating the majority of our capital and that's where we expect to see our growth from what are currently depressed levels up to, to more appropriate levels in the future. And so, our level of cash flows that have come from across our businesses are going to become more regulated compared to where they are today, at least this is what our expectations are. Secondly, with regard to how that then implies... impact the dividends as we discussed in January, we believe that with greater contribution from the regulated businesses, from an earnings perspective as well as from a cash flow perspective, that obviously gives greater comfort in terms of our overall dividend levels. And of course as you point out with our current stock levels the yield is obviously very high, but the bottom line is as you said, we have created meaningful head room in terms of the capital expenditure reductions that we are making as well as O&M. We were mindful of our dividend payout and as we recalibrate those plans, we will continue to be mindful and focused on maintaining a strong dividend for our shareholders. So really beyond that, I think that as we discussed in the past, our policy is to remain focused on that and we will continue to be and of course we can't guarantee any future dividend levels, but as you know that's an important aspect of our investment profile and we will continue to be mindful of that.
Greg Gordon - Citigroup: Thank you Warner.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Of course.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Hashar Kin [ph] with SAP Capital Management. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. Warner if... could you just... if I look back to what guidance was provided earlier this year and what's the changes nearly all of the shortfall is coming from the Illinois regulated area and could you just go over why there is like a $0.20 drag from what you contemplated in the beginning to present, I just wanted to get a sense of as to why the Illinois regulated operations fell apart?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, and thanks Hashar [ph]. Yes and I think that's a good point. I would point to really three areas; one, we've talked a little bit about this quarter, certainly weather has a had a negative impact on the Illinois operations. Two, as we look over the entire year, bad debt expenses are higher than we had originally anticipated they will be and then thirdly, recall at the beginning of the year our Illinois regulated operations held at auction rate debt securities and we went in and refinance those when those markets became very destructive. So if you look at those three pieces and you look at the change in the Illinois earnings profile, those are impacting that. So as we look ahead while we're here with suggestion and experience from regulatory lag in terms of bad debt expenses as well as higher financing cost as we continue growing with more frequent rate cases in Illinois. We believe that those increased expenditures will ultimately have the opportunity to recover in the regulatory framework.
Unidentified Analyst: Let me ask you, in case of the rate case decision that you got recently, is there higher cost of debt and the bad debt expense recovery factored into it, or it was too late to include it into this rate case that got just decided?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hashar, it is clearly the latter, they were not factored into the rate case of higher cost of capital with the refinancing or the increased bad debt expense that we have incurred this year.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And Warner, just wanted to, I think so I got a little bit missed these numbers. What is the free cash flow of short fall for 2008, it was like 1.455 in the Jan, I guess January presentation. What is it expected to be in '08?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We expect it now to be at the end of the year approximately $1 billion.
Unidentified Analyst: $1 billion. And that's what you expect in '09 as well?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I've not given the specifics for '09 at this point in time. Of course, our free cash flow, I gave you some of the numbers in terms of how they compared to 2008 spending levels and clearly if we execute all those plans, our level of spending in both the O&M and capital stand point will be meaningfully below 2008 levels.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And then, could you just remind us how much of this billion is being funded with the grip 401 equity and debt?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah in general, about --
Unidentified Analyst: In '08
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: About a $100 million a year Hashar, comes from our grip program.
Unidentified Analyst: And the remaining 900 is coming from the debt?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. It is principally debt re-financing is correct. Even through the credit facilities are terminated out long term.
Unidentified Analyst: Is it fair to say that the debt costs are running above 200 to 250 basis points higher than what was planned, if you look at it what you just, did some bond offerings recently?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Certainly, when you look at the most recent offering, those debt costs were probably 2 to 300 basis points what we had seen historically. And whether there'll be prospect remains to be seen, but certainly, we'd expect that as we said earlier, that the capital markets will continue to be disrupted and consequently we expect higher cost of capital still, as we go into 2009.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thanks.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Yiktak Fung with Zimmer Lucas. Please go ahead.
Yiktak Fung - Zimmer Lucas Capital: Good morning.
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Yiktak Fung - Zimmer Lucas Capital: With regards to the $50 million to $100 million decrease in... generation, are these... is that one time kind on MR, should we expect it to carry forward into 2010 and 2011?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think with regard to the O&M, I wouldn't characterize it as necessarily one time O&M. As I said before, we're recalibrating all of our plans and so if you look at the plans that we laid out again in January, and see how they affect the plans that we'd originally expected to take place in '09, '10, '11, and '12 how that O&M ultimately rolls through those other years, frankly remains to be seen as we finished our work.
Yiktak Fung - Zimmer Lucas Capital: Okay. And the $350 million to $400 million other reduction and expenditures that's related to capital expenditures, how much of that is related to environmental?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, we haven't finalized those plans, we haven't turned to the specificity. We certainly pointed out that the most significant environmental project that is going on in the regulated business relates to our new scrubber project. And that's obviously, a meaningful expenditure that we have there, if you're talking about the regulated businesses. Was that your question?
Yiktak Fung - Zimmer Lucas Capital: No, I was actually talking about the unregulated, but that was kind of my next question.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Excuse me.
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer: Warner obviously anticipated that one.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think the other one with regard to the scrubber projects in our Illinois operations, we're gong to continue to move forward on those to meet the environmental regulations. Now, we maybe moving some of those capital expenditures in terms of what we're spending specifically in '09 and '10 a little bit, but the bottom line, we're going to meet those environmental requirements in Illinois.
Yiktak Fung - Zimmer Lucas Capital: Okay. There might be just one to two year slowdown on that, in the implementation of those scrubbers?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Right. I think that those numbers in general, when you look at what we have moved out, its probably$50 million to $100 million in terms of those scrubber projects. Now, keep in mind too, the other thing that we pointed out is that we're seeking a variance of an incremental $500 million that we were seeking to move outside of the 2009-2012 time frame, largely incremental with the numbers I just gave you. And we are awaiting to... we'll seek approval of that. So, that could be... while, that may not effect 2009, but could have a meaningful effect on '09 through '12.
Yiktak Fung - Zimmer Lucas Capital: With regards to Sioux scrubbers, it seems that the bulk of that $400 million to $500 million CapEx cuts related businesses is really just that scrubber right?
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer: Well, I wouldn't characterize necessarily as the $400 million to $500 million or the bulk of that project in itself, it's a big piece certainly and in terms of environmental project, it was private, clearly the single biggest environmental project that we're doing on the regulated business.
Yiktak Fung - Zimmer Lucas Capital: And with that, I guess deferred the need for another rate case?
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer: Well in terms of rate case, as you know again, we are in the middle of our existing rate case in Missouri and so I wouldn't necessarily say that these expenditures will impact our future rate case plans. As we said before, we expect to file more frequent rate cases in all of our jurisdictions and so it's too premature to certainly say that.
Yiktak Fung - Zimmer Lucas Capital: Does it cause anything to... do you have any like contracts or rate lined up to build these scrubber projects and does it cause anything to cancel these contracts that you have them?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Was your question do we have contracts to...
Yiktak Fung - Zimmer Lucas Capital: Do you have contracts to raise up to build these scrubbers and does it require you to I guess break these contracts in order to move these scrubbers project past 2009?
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer: Well on the Coffeen and Duck Creek scrubbers, we are moving forward on those who were not affecting the contracts. On the Sioux contracts, we do have flexibility in the contract to delay the project. Our plan is to stop construction; complete the engineering of the project, and then when the engineering is a 100% completed at some point come back and complete the project. We haven't determined exactly when that will be.
Yiktak Fung - Zimmer Lucas Capital: And just one last question, you said that there were still some power unhedged for 2008, for fourth quarter, how much was that?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We've said that for 2008 well we have not hedged for the remainder of the years, its 2.5 megawatt hours of our generation across the enterprise.
Yiktak Fung - Zimmer Lucas Capital: Okay. Thank you very much.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Good morning Warren.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning Paul, how are you?
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: When are you going to file in Illinois? I'm sorry if I missed that.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Paul we have not stated when we are going to file in Illinois at this point in time. We said that we are evaluating when we're going to file the next rate case in Illinois. As you know we just wrapped our last one up just about a month or so ago. So we are evaluating that and we'll take a look at are capital on O&M expenditures and make a decision on that here sometime in the near future.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: And you gave a lot of opportunities to reduce CapEx, have you finalized an '09 CapEx number or range yet?
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer: No. Paul we have not. I think in terms of the unregulated generation piece of the business, we certainly were clear in terms of the plans that we were moving forward and executing there. We identified several meaningful opportunities in the regulated business. Those plans will be finalized later this year or early next and then we'll be able to give that to you when we come out later.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: But over about 750 to 900 less than your previous subject to change?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. I mean I think when you do that math what I just gave you, that's right, below 2008 levels throughout this, right.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: And then I understand that some resurrection of care seems to be somewhat high legislative priority in Washington, what are you hearing on that front?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Gary, I know you've been closest to that, you want to touch on that one.
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer: I have not heard anything on care. I think the focus today is on the economy and the election and environmental issues have kind of taken a backseat and I would not expect any new environmental legislation any time in the near future.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer: Welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Daniele Seitz with Seitz Research. Please go ahead.
Daniele Seitz - Seitz Research: I just want to ring regarding possibly due next filing in Illinois. Would you ask for an automatic rider on bad debts or is it something that you feel is temporary?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah, Daniele. With regards to the bad debt rider, that's something that we've explored in the past and that's something we continue to look at in terms of future rate case filings. So, I wouldn't necessarily say that there's a lot of bad debt expense here, sort of one-time, it's too early to say at this point in time. Certainly, you've seen a meaningful increase and certainly a rider maybe a appropriate in those circumstances but we've not made a decision on that.
Daniele Seitz - Seitz Research: You don't anticipate to have some sort of a tally at the end of the year to start the year fresh, can you carry those bad debts for a while?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I guess, Daniele, in terms of carrying the bad debts I'm not quite sure I understand.
Daniele Seitz - Seitz Research: Of the expense dramatically as they come along, are you deferring some of them?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, I mean in terms of the bad debt expenses we're certainly recognizing those as incurred and those are reflected in our financial results and so they are not being deferred. Of course in the next rate case we would seek recovery of these incremental revenues.
Daniele Seitz - Seitz Research: I understand. And just on the point of financing, do you anticipate that you may have to at the end of the year, you may have to issue equity, or is it something that you think the grip will be sufficient? So the 1 billion financing you were talking about?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes. That's right. In terms of the overall financing plan, as we said in the past and as we said early today, we are taking aggressive actions to do several things. One is certainly to reduce levels of spending to limit the need for incremental financings or to reduce the level of financings that we have to make across our enterprise during these choppy and turbulent markets. And so, we think those plans certainly go a long way in terms of what plans we may have to do in terms of equity, or really frankly debt financings. So, as we said earlier in the year, we had no plans for the rest of 2008 to issue equity. And as we sit right there, the answer to your question is we have no plans to issue any additional equity in 2008.
Daniele Seitz - Seitz Research: Thank you.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Hey, guys. I apologize if this is rehashing stuff. I just want to make sure, I understand a handful of things, first of all, what are the major projects you're deferring in 2009, if you're going forward with Duck Creek and Coffeen?
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer: Primarily, their plant maintenance projects that would have been done in 2009 are slipping in to 2010 and then we would expect projects that would have been done in 2010 to slip a year in to 2011 kind of just moving out the planned maintenance that we have on all of our large co-units. And then on the regulated business side, in addition the Sioux plant, because Care was vacated, we no longer had a requirement to complete that project, so we are going to defer the Sioux plant scrubber project for sometime.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Okay. I want to make sure you are saying roughly $400 million of lower CapEx at the non-regulated business, how much lower at the regulated?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes Michael, what we had said was that the $400 million to $500 million that we quoted earlier that was primarily all capital expenditures.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Right.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And so with that,... to answer your question its 400 to $500 million for the regulated business and then $350 million or $400 million of capital in the unregulated generation business.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Right. But the $400 million to $500 million at the regulated is capital enough, but in the number you just quoted on the non-regulated is also capital?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's correct.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Okay. So,...
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Remember on the O&M side, we also had quoted $50 million to $100 million on the unregulated generation business as well.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Okay. So, it's a net cut of over $750 million of capital for next year?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, two things; number one, we are executing on the plans for the unregulated generation business. Two, we expect to make meaningful reductions in the regulated business. Those plans will be finalized. And three, when you sum it all, when you look at both capital O&M as well as when you look at the incremental revenues that we make, the plan looks in excess of or close to $1 billion.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Okay. One last item, can you repeat what the expected output, megawatt output for '09 and beyond is likely to be at the non-regulated coal units?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: At this time for 2009 O&M, we expect it to be around 33 million to 34 million megawatt hours.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Okay. Thanks.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We have not updated that beyond that.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Okay. Thank you, guys. Much appreciate it Warner.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen, if you queued off, we ask that you limit yourself to one question. Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Greg Koral [ph] with [indiscernible] Capital, please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks very much.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning Greg.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. I was wondering if... back on the care issue, if the delays and spending you're seeking on various product, how would they... how would that impacted if the core were to reinstate care?
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, Greg in Illinois we're subject to a multi pollutant standard legislated by the state. However, we're seeking to defer some of the requirements of that. And as I said, we've gotten the support of the Illinois EPA, the Illinois EPA will not oppose the deferral. It's up to the pollution control board but we believe we have a fair chance of getting that requirements slipped.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, and maybe if I could just ask one another. Its... as you went through the positive and negative drivers incremental on the call what I heard were on the positive side, additional megawatt hours of generation as well as some cost cuts, and on the negative side potential pension increases in Illinois and at the unregulated business and weakness in the economy, is it your intention to sort of be up guiding down on the EBITDA level on this call?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: In this particular call, the message simply is to give you some of the key plans that we're moving forward with into 2009 to address the issues in the financial markets. Obviously, there are a lot of moving pieces as you just described including what we hope to use to obviously not just reduce some of the capital spend to give us greater financial flexibility in the markets. But beyond that with regard to 2009, what we've said is that we expect to come out in early 2009 after we... after trying in early February to provide you a more thorough outlook for 2009 and give you the specifics on EBITDA, earnings, and the like. So, we're here to give you some of the meaningful pieces, some of the things that we're working on, and some of the proactive things we are doing in our business to address these conditions.
Unidentified Analyst: Thanks Warner.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. I think we have time for one more question because we're running over time and others trying to be moving on to other calls, so if there is one more question we can take it otherwise we'll close out.
Operator: Okay and our next question comes from the line of Ben Sung, Luminous Management.
Ben Sung - Luminous Management: Hi, on the environmental CapEx reduction or deferral that you guys talked about, you said that you'd be taking other steps to make sure that you're admission is neutral, is that correct and if it is then what are the actions that you guys are taking to do that?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hi, Ben. This is Warner Baxter. We have Chuck Naslund who is our President and CEO of Unregulated Generations. He will probably give you little more insight in terms of those specifics that we are talking about.
Charles Naslund - Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of AmerenEnergy Resources and Chairman and President of AmerenEnergy Generating Company: Yes, as far as keeping emissions neutral, the Illinois EPA is looking at a time frame of 2010 through 2020, so it's a long time horizon. Basically, we adjusted our plan so over that long time period we kept our SO2 nox emissions again neutral ton wise and that was actually not too difficult to do by tightening up on some of the facilities that were installing and getting better reduction out of them
Ben Sung - Luminous Management: Got it, thank you.
Operator: Thank you and I'll turn the call back over to management at this time.
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman, and Chief Executive Officer: Great. We want to thank you all for participating in this call this morning. Let me remind you again that this call is available through November 11th on playback for one year on our website. Announcement carries instructions on listening to the playback. You can also call the contacts listed on our news release. One final matter, as we announced on our second quarter call, Doug Fischer is now heading up our Investor Relations group and Bruce Steinke is focusing on his control responsibilities. And hence analyst inquiries should be directed to Doug rather than to Bruce. Media should call Susan Gallagher. Contact numbers are on the news release please. Again thanks for dialing in and we look forward to seeing you down at DEI later this week and early next.
Operator: Thank you ladies and gentlemen. This concludes the Ameren Corporation 2008 third quarter earnings conference call. The phone numbers for the replay are 303-590-3000 or 1-800-405-2236 followed by pass code 11121637 followed by "#". AEE would like to thank you for your participation, you may now disconnect. .

===== 2008 Q2  (2008-08-01 17:00:00) =====
Operator: Good morning, ladies and gentlemen and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ameren Corporation Second Quarter 2008 Earnings Conference Call. During today's presentation, all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation, the conference will be open for questions. [Operator Instructions]. As a reminder, this conference call is being recorded, today, Friday, August 1, 2008. I would now like to turn the conference over to Bruce Steinke, Vice President and Controller. Please go ahead sir.
Bruce Steinke: Thank you, Metchen. Good morning, everyone. I'm Bruce Steinke, Vice President and Controller of Ameren Corporation. On the call with me today is our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Gary Rainwater; our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Warner Baxter; our Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, Marty Lyons and other members of the Ameren management team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call will be available by telephone for one week to anyone who wishes to hear it by dialing a playback number. The announcement you received and our news release carry instructions on replaying the call by telephone. This call is also being broadcast live on the Internet and the webcast will be available for one year on our website www.amn.com. This call contains time sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast. Redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. I also need to let you know the comments made on this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. For additional information concerning these factors, we ask you to read the forward-looking statements section in the news release we issued today and the forward-looking statements and risk factors sections in our periodic filings with the SEC. To assist in our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on our website that includes a slide that reconciles our earnings per share for the second quarter and first six months of 2008 to our earnings per share for the second quarter and first six months of 2007 on a comparable share basis. And a slide that compares our full year 2008 earnings per share guidance to full year 2007 earnings per share, again on a comparable share basis. To access this presentation, you may look in the Investors section of our website under Presentations or follow the link for the webcast. Gary will begin this call with an overview of key second quarter 2008 activities and Warner will follow with a discussion of our second quarter 2008 financial results and 2008 earnings guidance. We will then open it up for questions. Here is Gary.
Gary L. Rainwater: Thanks, Bruce. Good morning and thank you for joining us. This morning, we reported core earnings per share of $0.67 in the second quarter of 2008, which were comparable to the same period in 2007, and in line with our expectations. However, our GAAP earning improves significantly, as there were some unusual items related to unrealized mark-to-market gains, a coal contract settlement and a Missouri Public Service Commission order. Warner will go through these items in more detail in his remarks. From an operational and regulatory perspective, a great deal of activity took place in our business in the first half of this year. Compared to the first six months of 2007, the equivalent availability of our coal-fired units rose nearly 2% to 84% through June 2008. Importantly, our effective coal procurement and management strategies allowed us to run our coal plants at full available capacity, despite meaningful delays in coal deliveries at some of our plants due to significant flooding in the Midwest. In addition, we successfully negotiated a coal contract settlement with a coal supplier over a higher fuel cost we expect to incur in 2008 and 2009 due to the coal supplier's premature closing of a mine in termination of a contract. The settlement compensates us in total for the incremental fuel cost we expect to incur. Warner will also discuss this in greater detail a bit later. Increasing cost of the fuel we need to run our business, are indicative of the rising cost environment that our entire industry is facing. In particular, like our customers are seeing for every day items, our business is experiencing significant cost increases across the board. This is occurring during the period when we also need to make substantial investments in our infrastructure for improved reliability and cleaner air. We've proactively taken actions to manage these cost increases, especially as they relate to our fuel cost. To-date, our actions have been very effective and this is reflected in parts in the larger unrealized mark-to-market gains we recorded in the second quarter related to the hedging of our diesel fuel cost exposure on coal transportation contracts. However, our hedging activities and other proactive cost control activities cannot entirely eliminate the rising cost, which are impacting all aspects of our business. These cost pressures coupled with significant investments in our utility infrastructure have required us to seek rate increases for both our Illinois and Missouri regulated operations. In Illinois, the situation is particularly acute with our utility operations recording a loss in the second quarter of 2008 and projecting returns on equity of less than 4% for the year. Simply put, these results are not sustainable. The current requested electric and gas annual revenue increase for Ameren's Illinois utilities is approximately $207 million and the Illinois Commerce Commission staff has recommended an increase of approximately $87 million. The major differences are related to costs and plant additions that the Illinois Commerce Commission staff has recommended be disallowed from recovery for a variety of reasons. We clearly disagree with the staff's recommendations on these allowances and we put forward a solid case to address these issues. The Ameren Illinois Utilities have also requested gas revenue decoupling and electric distribution plant infrastructure rate adjustment mechanisms. We expect recommended orders from the administrative law judges in mid-August and final orders from the Illinois Commerce Commission in September, with new rates expected to be effective in October. In Missouri, AmerenUE has requested an annual electric revenue increase of approximately $251 million. AmerenUE has also requested implementation of a fuel and purchased power cost recovery mechanism in this case. We expect to see the Missouri Public Service Commission staff's and other intervener's initial recommendations at the end of August. And order is expected from the Missouri Public Service Commission in February 2009. The bottom line is that achieving constructive outcomes in these cases is critical to our ability to continue to invest in our infrastructure, so that we are able to meet our customers' expectations for safe and reliable service as well as provide solid returns for our shareholders. On other regulatory matters, earlier this week, we filed a combined construction and operating license application with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission for a potential new unit at AmerenUE's Callaway Nuclear Plant site. Although we've not made a decision to build a second nuclear power plant at this time, seeking NRC approval and a license this week will preserve the nuclear generation option for the future. It also will position our company to seek nuclear specific federal loan guarantees and production tax credits, made possible by the Energy Policy Act of 2005. It's estimated that NRC review may require up to 42 months for completion. The company's decision on whether to build the second nuclear power plant depends on a number of factors, including state and federal regulatory, and legislative actions, the forecasted demand for power, the effectiveness of energy efficiency initiatives and the projected cost and financing challenges of building an advanced nuclear plant compared to building facilities powered by other fuels or developing renewable resources. On the environmental front, on July 11, 2008 the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia issued a decision that effectively vacated the federal Clean Air Interstate Rule or CAIR and earlier this year, a court had vacated the federal Clean Air Mercury Rule, or CAMR. USCPA has 45 days from the date of the court's decision to file a petition for rehearing. After this, the remaining court appeal is to file a petition for review with the U.S. Supreme Court. This decision surprised many in the industry and we are currently evaluating the impact that these court decisions will have on our environmental compliance strategy. Included in the evaluation will be a review of other relevant environmental regulations. Under Illinois regulations, Illinois generators may defer until 2015, the requirement to reduce mercury emissions by 90% in exchange for accelerated installation of NOx and SO2 controls. In addition, Illinois and Missouri must also comply with the existing federal ozone ambient standard and federal fine particulate ambient standard and the Clean Air Visibility rule. Both Missouri and Illinois were effectively relying on the implementation of CAIR and CAMR for a compliance with all these other regulations. The bottom line is that it's now very unclear how this matter will be resolved. We expect this uncertainty to persist until the matter of further court appeals are played out. And it's also quite possible that Congress now will get involved. As I said a moment ago, this uncertainty has let us to review our environmental compliance strategies as well as the amount and timing of related costs. In addition, this uncertainty has affected the NOx and SO2 admission allowance trading markets, where market prices have decreased dramatically. Forward off-peak power prices have also been negatively affected by the July court ruling. Warner will discuss the potential financial implications of these matters in a moment, but we believe that some form of NOx and SO2 regulation will ultimately be enacted through legislation or some form of EPA regulatory proceeding. Despite these uncertainties, we remain focused on our plan to generate meaningful shareholder value. Our plan includes making regular levels of investments in our regulated businesses in response to customer needs and expectations, seeking rate increases and cost recovery mechanisms to reduce the impact of regulatory lag and optimizing our non-rate regulated generation business. I strongly believe we can successfully execute this plan and that we'll be able to deliver strong long-term shareholder value in the years ahead. I will now turn it over to Warner to walk you through our second quarter 2008 earnings and 2008 earnings guidance.
Warner L. Baxter: Great. Thanks, Gary. I would now like to refer you to the slide presentation on our website, as I provide a more detailed discussion of our second quarter 2008 earnings. Turning first to page three of our slide presentation, today we announced second quarter 2008 net income, in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, of $206 million or $0.98 per share, compared to second quarter 2007 GAAP net income of $143 million or $0.69 per share. Excluding certain items in each year, Ameren recorded second quarter 2008 core net income of $142 million or $0.67 per share compared with second quarter 2007 core net income of $138 million or $0.67 per share. We reported several significant unusual items in the second quarter of 2008 that we have excluded from our core earnings. Net unrealized mark-to-market gains from non-qualifying hedges boosted second quarter 2008 net income by $0.23 per share as compared to net unrealized gains of $0.02 per share in the second quarter of 2007. These unrealized gains primarily related to financial instruments that were acquired to mitigate the risk of rising diesel fuel price adjustments embedded in coal cost transportation contracts for the period 2008 through 2012. These financial instruments effectively warped [ph] in diesel fuel transportation prices at the time we entered into the contracts. Large unrealized mark-to-market gain was driven by the skyrocketing value of the heating oil option contracts utilized to hedge this risk. Of course, the value of these non-qualifying hedges will vary over time based on current market prices. Another significant item excluded from core earnings in the second quarter was a lump sum payment from a coal supplier for expected higher fuel costs for our unregulated generation operations in 2009 as a result of the premature closure of a mine in May 2007 and the resulting termination of the contract. We had mentioned this issue in our analyst day, and our 2008 earnings guidance and 2009 fuel cost guidance assumed we would be made whole by the supplier, in deed this was the case. However, based on the terms of the settlement, the entire $60 million we received was recorded in the second quarter. We estimate that approximately $27 million or $0.08 per share of the settlement relates to 2009 costs, and we have excluded that portion of the settlement from our 2008 core earnings. While we have not yet provided earnings guidance for 2009, you should note that whatever you were assuming for earnings in our non-regulated generation segment, those earnings will now be an estimated $0.08 per share lower because of the lump sum settlement benefit we received this quarter. Again we've been fully compensated for the impact of the mine closure, and the 2009 earnings impact has been fully offset by funds received in 2008. In our first quarter call, we also highlighted the storm-related order we had received from the Missouri Public Service Commission and the possible earnings impact. This order gave AmerenUE the ability to seek direct recovery in its pending electric rate case of, and record as a regulatory asset, all or a portion of the AmerenUE's 2007 severe storm costs, of about $25 million or $0.09 per share. In the second quarter of 2008, AmerenUE recorded the minimum amount it expected to receive in the current May proceeds [ph]. This is $13 million or $0.04 per share. We strongly believe that full recovery of these storm costs is appropriate and are seeking recovery of the entire $25 million of costs in our pending May case. Since we originally carved out the severe storm costs as an unusual item in 2007, we've similarly carved out the expected recovery of these costs this year. Finally, the net cost associated with the Illinois comprehensive electric rate relief and customer assistance settlement agreement reached in 2007, reduced GAAP earnings by $0.04 per share in the second quarter of 2008. As Gary said earlier, our second quarter 2008 core earnings were comparable with the same period in 2007. Net earnings for both the second quarter and first half of 2008 were consistent with our expectations. To summarize our results, high electric and gas margins and the benefit of not having the Callaway Nuclear Plant refilling and maintenance outage in the second quarter of 2008, as occurred in the second quarter of 2007, largely offset by higher fuel prices, increased spending on utility distribution system reliability and coal-fired plant operations and maintenance as well as higher other operating expenses. Continuing with slide three of our presentation, results of the 2007 Missouri electric and gas rate cases added $0.02 per share to earnings in the second quarter compared to the year ago period. The effective seasonally redesigned rates in Illinois do not have much impact on earnings in the second quarter. You may recall that in May 2007, the Illinois Commerce Commission authorized redesigned electric rates, to reduce seasonal fluctuations for residential customers who use electricity to heat their homes. The impact of this rate redesign is expected to be revenue neutral for the year. Other electric and gas margins increased $0.18 per share in the second quarter of 2008, primarily as a result of higher power sales and higher realized electric margins. Weather was a modest negative in the second quarter, reducing earnings by $0.03 per share compared to the prior year period. Cooling degree days were 26% below 2007 and 2% below normal in the second quarter. However, the milder weather resulted in greater excess generation being available for our system sales. Consequently, higher power prices for our system sales significantly reduced the impact of weather. We continue to experience higher cost for fuel and related transportation, which reduced second quarter 2008 earnings by $0.08 per share. This increase was split evenly between our Missouri regulated and our non-regulated generation segments. As previously discussed, the coal contract lump sum settlements associated with our increased 2008 cost, favorably impacted second quarter core earnings by $0.10 per share. The lump sum settlement effectively offsets the fuel price increases we're experiencing and expect to experience for the balance of the year as a result of the premature contract termination. Earnings were also favorably impacted by the fact that there was no refueling and maintenance outage at the AmerenUE's Callaway Nuclear Plant in the second quarter of 2008 as occurred last year. This increased earnings by $0.16 per share. The Callaway plant is schedule for 25 to 30-day outrage in the fourth quarter of this year. Plant operations and maintenance expenses increased by $0.06 per share in the second quarter of 2008 as compared to the same period in 2007, as a result of increased maintenance activity. Distribution system reliability and maintenance expenditures reduced earnings by $0.08 per share in the second quarter of 2008 compared to the year ago period as we continue to make significant incremental investments to improve reliability and customer satisfaction. Financing costs increased $0.03 per share in the second quarter of 2008 over the prior year period, as a result of the refinancing of auction rate securities and other long-term debt financings. Labor and employee benefits, bad debt, depreciation and amortization and other expenses also increased year-over-year in the quarter. Moving on to our 2008 guidance in slide four, as we stated in our news release this morning, we reaffirmed that we expect our core or non-GAAP earnings to be in the range of $2.80 to $3.20 per share. We also increased our expectation for 2008 GAAP earnings to be in the range of $2.80 to $3.20 per share, up from the previous estimate of $2.68 to $3.08 per share. The increase in our GAAP earnings guidance was driven by the $0.08 per share benefit from the coal contact settlement related to expected 2009 costs, and the $0.04 per share positive impact for the Missouri storm accounting order as previously discussed. The estimated $0.12 per share negative impact from the Illinois comprehensive electric rate relief and customer assistance settlement agreement has been excluded from core earning guidance since the beginning of the year, and offsets the new items I just mentioned, resulting in a current GAAP and core earning guidance being the same. Ameren's consolidated and segment guidance for 2008 assumes normal weather and is subject to, among other things, regulatory decisions and legislative actions, plant operations, energy market and economic conditions, severe storms, unusual or otherwise unexpected gains or losses and other risks and uncertainties outlined or referred to in the forward-looking statements section of our press release. I'll also note that any net unrealized mark-to-market gains or losses from non-qualifying hedges will impact GAAP earnings are excluded from our GAAP and core earnings guidance, as the company is unable to reasonably estimate the impact of any gains or losses due to the volatility of markets. We've adjusted a few line items on our reconciliation of 2008 earnings guidance to 2007 actual earnings. Most noteworthy is an increase in estimated bad expenses and other expenses, which are reflective of the rising cost environment and economic conditions we are facing in our businesses, as Gary described earlier. These were offset by the expected improvements in several other areas. Again, as we've stated in the past, there is a range of outcomes that could occur around any of these points [ph]. As Gary noted earlier, we have recently seen some very volatile markets for power and NOx and SO2 emission allowances. This July 1st, power and emission allowance prices have fallen sharply. Several factors appear to be driving this volatility including the recent CAIR ruling, oil and natural gas and crude oil prices, and the economy among other things. Due to the potential for these types of volatile market conditions, our risk management practices have historically required that we proactively sell-forward our excess generation to mitigate the impact of these market uncertainties. Such a policy is intended to mitigate deep declines in the markets as we have recently seen. It also accepts the fact that sales may not be made at market peaks as well. To illustrate, entering 2008 we had hedged approximately 85% of our system wide generation. And currently, we have hedged approximately 95% of our expected total 2008 generation. Looking ahead, now focusing only on our non-rate-regulated generation business, we currently have hedged approximately 80% of this expected generation for 2009. This is up from 60% at the beginning of the year. And while we have hedged most of exposure to declining market prices, we still have approximately 5 million megawatt hours of our total generation unhedged for the balance of 2008, and about 6 million megawatt hours unhedged in our non-rate-regulated generation business for 2009. Consequently, the deep declines in power prices that we recently witnessed, should they persist, would still have meaningful impacts on our financial results for 2008 and beyond. Having said that, and as we have stated before, we remain bullish on long-term power prices. In addition, we believe that short-term power prices will see modest strengthening from product levels as we move through the rest of the summer cooling and tropical storm seasons. Of course, we can't predict with certainty what power prices and for that matter, what other commodity prices will be in the future. Market conditions are unpredictable and that is why we employee the risk management practices that we do. We will provide greater levels of specificity around our view of future power, fuel and other commodity prices, when we update our long-term guidance later this year. Turning now to the recent significant market decline for emission allowance credits, we are certainly aware these declines have resulted in other companies announcing potential large impairments of their emission allowances. As a result of the recent market declines, we have also evaluated our emission allowance bank for possible impairment. The bottom line is that we do not foresee any impairment of our allowances, based on our intension to use our bank allowances as part of our generation emission compliance strategy. One final thing before we turn it over to questions. I would like to announce that Doug Fisher has joined Ameren to head up our Investor Relations Group as Bruce focuses on his new Controller responsibilities. I expect many of you know Doug very well from his years of experience as one of the leading sell-side analyst in the utility sector for A.G. Edwards and most recently, Wachovia. And we are excited to have Doug join our team. Bruce and Doug will be working over the weeks ahead to transition responsibilities. In the mean time, continue to call Bruce with any questions. We would send out a note to our distribution list when it is the right time to begin communicating directly with Doug. This concludes my prepared remarks and we'll now be happy to answer your questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions]. Okay, and our first question comes from Greg Gordon with Citi. Go ahead please.
Greg Gordon: Good morning, gentlemen.
Gary L. Rainwater: Good morning, Greg. How are you doing?
Greg Gordon: I'm hanging in there.
Gary L. Rainwater: Good.
Greg Gordon: How about you guys?
Gary L. Rainwater: Well, great. Thank you.
Greg Gordon: I was just looking at the forward power curves in relation to the commentary you made about your incremental hedging. And it doesn't... I know markets have been extremely volatile, but it doesn't look like 2009 around the clock, prices in Illinois or the Midwest are meaningfully different today and they were January... first couple of weeks of January, which you know right before you gave your analyst presentation. So we had a huge run up in prices, we know prices have come back down, but as you look at the guidance you gave for short and long-term earnings, based on the markets at that time, are you seeing something different than I'm seeing or prices materially lower and is that why you thought you have to disclose it.
Warner L. Baxter: Yeah, Greg thanks. This is Warner. And... now your observation I think is accurate. On analyst day, we gave ranges for the future ranging between $48 and $54 per megawatt hour. That included 2008. If you look today, you'd see a range approximating 50 to $52 per megawatt hour. And as we said even then and as we even said just few moments ago, we think that the fundamentals of the marketplace will continue to drive those prices upward. But by a large, we're very consistent with what we have said before.
Greg Gordon: So if anything, incremental hedges that you did, if you're putting them in sort of on a ratable basis over the course of the year, there were several prolonged trading periods where you could have gone out higher prices in that range?
Warner L. Baxter: Yeah, that's certainly... we will give more specificity around it. But certainly, earlier in the year, our hedge strategy was to try and take some of that risk off and certainly as you pointed out, the power prices were stronger in the first half of the year. So we had those opportunities, absolutely.
Greg Gordon: Alright, thank you.
Warner L. Baxter: Sure.
Operator: Thank you and our next question comers from Dan Jenkins with the State of Wisconsin Investment. Go ahead please.
Dan Jenkins: Good morning.
Warner L. Baxter: Good morning, Dan.
Dan Jenkins: First of all, I was wondering, could you give a little more color on what the issues were in with regard to the court decision on the environmental laws or regulations and...
Gary L. Rainwater: Dan, this is Gary Rainwater. I won't profess to be an expert on environmental rules. But my take on it is that the courts decided the rule making was fundamentally flawed because it didn't address emission reductions on a state-by-state basis. And the court's interpretation was that it should have addressed those reductions state-by-state rather than over a broad region. So for that reason, the court send it back to EPA was, somewhat with guidance that it needed to take an entirely different approach, which then raises a whole lot of questions about where we are because it took years to develop the CAIR ruling. Our industry felt it was in general a pretty good ruling. We really didn't expect it to be thrown out in the way it was, and now it's... we have no idea how long it will take to develop another rule making. Ultimately though, we have to do something to reduce SO2 and NOx, there is no question about that, just the question about how long does it take for the EPA or for the legislature to decide what the final requirements are going to be.
Dan Jenkins: Okay. Does that change your environmental CapEx plans in any way?
Gary L. Rainwater: we are evaluating our environmental CapEx plans and the question there is well, what do we evaluate them based on. There is a possibility that some of our scrubber projects could slip. And of course we would like to be able to defer those CapEx requirements if it is at all possible. There's probably a greater possibility that it could slip in... those requirements could slip in Missouri because Missouri adopted the federal Clean Air and Mercury standards pretty much straight in line with the federal requirements, while Illinois set requirements that were somewhat more stringent and developed its own multi-pollutant rulemaking. Now the online rule making though, was also based on CAIR and CAMR in the assumption that those rulemakings would stand, so we are uncertain where the Illinois requirement leaves us as well. But, you know we are certainly focused on deferring any capital expenditures here that we can.
Dan Jenkins: Okay. The other thing I was curious about is your Illinois rate request and you mentioned U.S. for 207 and the staff was at 87 I think. And so I was curious, if you could break down the main items that are behind that difference?
Gary L. Rainwater: Yeah. Warner can probably fill you in on the detail there. There are a couple of big ticket items. One is allocation of A&G cost and one is the inclusion of additional planned investment in the rates. But Warner?
Warner L. Baxter: I think Gary, you hit on really the two main items that are out there and so indeed we have put our case before the administrative law judge now on those particular issues and we expect to hear from the Ministry of Law judge here in August, what the final decision come from the ICC in September. And those are really the two big ticket items among other small or less, but those are the main drivers.
Dan Jenkins: So what were the plant disallowance... what was kind of the idea behind that? Was it just...
Warner L. Baxter: Yes, part of the issue related to the plant disallowances related to a documentation issue, for lack of a better term in terms of some of the invoices that were reviewed by the staff and were I guess in dispute. We believe we have satisfactorily provided that documentation to show that the investments that we've made that were indeed put into the ground, if you will. And so, we feel strongly that that documentation is going to be satisfactory, but of course it's ultimately up to the Illinois Commerce Commission to review those facts and circumstances.
Dan Jenkins: Okay. And then on... I know there's... the industrial sales were down, is that... do you think that's impact from the economy or is there a specific factors going on in...?
Unidentified Company Representative: I am sorry, Dan, you are breaking up. Could you repeat that question?
Dan Jenkins: Yeah, the industrial sales, I noticed were down and I just wondered, do you think that's impact from the economy or are there specific factors going on in your service territory which caused the industrial to be down?
Gary L. Rainwater: Again we really haven't seen much decline, and when we look at sales in general, we see pretty solid growth in the residential commercial sector with just a moderate downturn in industrial and net-net some positive growth. So I wouldn't say that our economy has been in recession, but it's just sluggish. And your guess is as good as mine, where the economy will go over the next year. Speculation is all over the map on that.
Dan Jenkins: Okay. And the last thing I was wondering is your short-term debt is well over 1 billion. Do you have any plans to term that out or how you're going address that?
Gary L. Rainwater: We'll let Jerre Birdsong address that one, who is our VP and Treasurer.
Jerre E. Birdsong: Yes, we do have plans on terming that out. On our analyst day presentation, we gave the information on what the expected negative free cash flow was for the year and we have termed out approximately half of that amount that was just over $1 billion in total. And we will continue to term that out and complete the rest of it during the remainder of the year.
Dan Jenkins: Okay. Thank you.
Unidentified Company Representative: Welcome Dan.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And our next question comes from Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc. Go ahead please.
Paul Ridzon: What level of EA sales were kind of in this year's budget or guidance?
Warner L. Baxter: I am sorry, Paul repeat it again?
Jerre E. Birdsong: Paul, we had included just the 5 million that we are allowed to sell in Missouri under the last rate order.
Warner L. Baxter: I am sorry, I disallowance as of site [ph], yes, that's correct.
Paul Ridzon: And then how much of the mine settlement did you book in this quarter?
Jerre E. Birdsong: $0.10 per share.
Paul Ridzon: And you're calling that ongoing?
Jerre E. Birdsong: Yeah. There was two parts to it, Paul. There was the $0.08 that we carved out that relates to '09 and the $0.10 that is related to higher costs we expect in current 2008. We're calling that current year piece ongoing and then 2009 piece non-ongoing.
Warner L. Baxter: As simply as I said, Paul, this is Warner. As you know, we are incurring incremental costs in both 2008 and 2009. And so the piece that we are really, that we are paid for in the second quarter for 2008, and those monies well go to offset the incremental costs we'll incur throughout this year. And then for those that we were paid in advance for 2009 that's what we've carved our of core earnings for 2008.
Paul Ridzon: But you have put that back in '09.
Warner L. Baxter: At this point in time, what we simply do, we just carved it out as an item. Certainly, we've identified it as a difference compared to where we were in analyst day, whether we'll end up carving it out or not, I guess that remains to be seen. I think the most important thing is that people are aware that the fuel cost information that we've given you at the beginning of the year had already factored that Exxon settlement out. But on a GAAP basis that will not show up that way next year.
Paul Ridzon: Okay, I understand. So that could be a [indiscernible] sense that disappears from earnings if you don't... you had to factor next year?
Warner L. Baxter: I mean, if you had factored that into your non-rate-regulated generation that's what we said, you had that in there on the GAAP basis that will go away.
Paul Ridzon: Okay, thank you very much.
Warner L. Baxter: Sure.
Operator: And thank you. And our next question comes from Yiktak Fung with Zimmer Lucas Partners. Go ahead please.
Yiktak Fung: Good morning
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning
Yiktak Fung: I just have a couple of quick questions with regards to the Missouri rate case filing. I think Union Electric updated their filing in the middle of June. I was wondering if there is another opportunity for an update as when your case progresses because of the test year?
Warner L. Baxter: I am sorry, you are breaking up little bit. You're asking the question whether there was an opportunity to update further existing rate case in Missouri and maybe Marty, you can address, I was a little...
Martin J. Lyons: Sure. Right now as we mentioned earlier on the call, the rate request stands at around 250 million, and there will be pro forma adjustments made to the test year through September of 2008.
Yiktak Fung: Okay. And those pro forma adjustments, those have already been made in the update that was filed in the middle of the June of this year, right?
Unidentified Company Representative: I am sorry, you were breaking up. Could you mind repeating that question?
Yiktak Fung: The June filing, sorry. Does the June filing already include these pro forma adjustments through September '08?
Martin J. Lyons: No, I don't believe it does.
Yiktak Fung: Okay.
Warner L. Baxter: The June filing Yiktak was basically when we make the file and used nine months of actual and three months of budget. And for the June filing, we're replacing that three months of budget with three months of actual essentially through March 31st?
Yiktak Fung: I see. So there will be yet another update that updates that performance with September '08?
Warner L. Baxter: Yes, there will be.
Yiktak Fung: Okay, thank you. And just one clarification question, before you were talking to Greg about power pricing and you gave some sort of range of 52 to $62 per megawatt hour. Can you just remind me what years is that for?
Warner L. Baxter: That was really for 2009 and 10.
Yiktak Fung: 2009 and '10.
Warner L. Baxter: That we're talking about there.
Yiktak Fung: Thank you. That's all.
Warner L. Baxter: Sure.
Operator: Okay, thank you. And our next question comes from Steve Gambuzza with Longbow Capital. Go ahead please.
Steven Gambuzza: Good morning.
Unidentified Company Representative: Hi Steve, how are you?
Steven Gambuzza: Good, thanks. Just you've actually you're going to update your longer term earnings guidance later this year. You usually provide full guidance with the first quarter earnings release is that... or with the fourth quarter earnings release, is that correct?
Warner L. Baxter: Yeah, with regard to this year, as you know we did it in January. And we've provide that in advance of our year-end conference call, about a couple or three weeks. Our expectation would be that we would come in either late this year or early next to in a manner similar to where we provide 2009 and beyond earnings guidance. And then of course if there is a meaningful update to 2008, we'd do that as well.
Steven Gambuzza: Okay, great. And then just to make I understood some of the commentary regarding the CAIR changes and its impact on your CapEx budget. Is it fair to say that it's unlikely to have a significant impact on your Illinois spending, but may have more of an impact on your Missouri spending long term?
Warner L. Baxter: Steve, I wouldn't characterize that at all, I think we are looking at both Missouri and Illinois. I think Gary said that this is likely it could be more Missouri, we don't disagree with that. But I think that is re-step back, we are looking at all of our alternatives, we have to think about the changes in laws. So it would be premature to speculate in terms of magnitude, but I wouldn't say that it would not have... it couldn't potentially have a material impact on Illinois, just too early to say.
Steven Gambuzza: But does this impact the settlement agreement that you signed with the Governor?
Warner L. Baxter: You know certainly that agreement is out there, and it is part of law or regulations if you will. And so, but having said that, there still may be some opportunities for us to manage our capital expenditures within that framework.
Steven Gambuzza: Thank you.
Warner L. Baxter: Sure.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And our next question comes from David Grumhaus with Copia Capital Partners. Go ahead please.
David Grumhaus: Good morning, guys.
Unidentified Company Representative: Hi, David. How are you?
David Grumhaus: Good, how are you?
Unidentified Company Representative: Good, thanks.
David Grumhaus: A couple of questions on the rate case. You've touched a little bit on Illinois, obviously you have got these two large items. Do you see where the... with the staff coming on these things or is the staff just missed some thing? I mean I know you talked a little bit about giving them some receipts on the plans and that type of thing, but what's your confidence level that you are going to be able to get the commission...?
Warner L. Baxter: Well, I am sorry to interrupt you. I think the bottom line is that we strongly disagree with the views ever expressed. We've put forth what we believe is very good evidence to address the A&G cost issue as well as the capital rate based addition issue. And so we've... so in terms of confidence, we feel confident in the position that we think and that ultimately will be up to the Illinois Commerce Commission to assess that. But you know when we look at the positions taken, we think that our view is the correct one.
David Grumhaus: Okay. Overall Missouri, I saw that Empire got their fuel cost this week. Does that give you more confidence that you are going to be a little get something like that as yours had done after that? I mean do you have any reactions to it?
Warner L. Baxter: So. As you know, Empire just received their order the other day and we are still on the process of reviewing the details. But, from what I have seen in terms of the fuel adjustment clause, their order looks very close to the request that we've made in our pending rate case. And similarly, the ROE that they receive, which is 10.8% is very similar to the ROE that we requested in that rate case. So, while we don't know the details, it certainly appears that they received a constructive regulatory order and that's certainly what we are seeking in Missouri as well, as a constructive regulatory order so we can continue to do the things we are doing in terms of making investments in the infrastructure and improving customer service and satisfaction. So always precedent I believe is a good thing and as we've said before as Tom Voss has said at our analyst day and we've said it consistently through out that we feel confident that we will have fair treatment in the Missouri rate case as well as the opportunity to receive a fuel adjustment clause.
David Grumhaus: Are settlements possible in either of these two cases, what is your expectation that they will go through this?
Warner L. Baxter: I would say with regard to Illinois, settlement is really past that stage at this point in time. I think we are at the stage where it's going to be put ALJ in the Illinois Commerce Commission here very shortly, and Missouri certainly. I mean I think there is always the opportunity to settle certain aspects of the case as well as potentially the entire case. But I'll tell you where we sit today is very early in that process, as you know. We are still going through the data request process and we expect to see the staff's position and others a little bit later in the summer. But if you recall in Missouri, they actually put on their agenda, settlement dates where the parties actually do get together to try and talk about the issues, to try and minimize the level of... that ultimately go before the commission and potentially settle the entire case.
David Grumhaus: Okay, that's very helpful. Thanks guys.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Go ahead please.
Michael Lapides: Hi guys. Quick question on your non-rate-regulated generation. Can you give an update or you may have it, I just missed it, on coal hedging increment to what you talked about in January, coal and rail I am sorry, all in?
Warner L. Baxter: Yeah. You didn't miss it, but we can give you an update on some of that in terms of what we've done on the coal and transportation side. As you know, we've historically, have a historical approach to where we try and layer in our hedges for coal and transportation over time and consistent with that approach, we've done more since the beginning of the year Now going into 2008 and focusing on unregulated generation which is what I think your question was, basically for 2008 in the analyst day we are 100% hedging and of course that's we are basically at now. During analyst day, we're out there for coal and transportation, for 2009 net range in around 70%, it is around 72%. We have done... we have increased our hedge percent closer to 85, approximately 85% today. And then in 2010, we're... for the non-regulated, we had hedged 16% of our total coal and transportation costs. That number has now moved up to in excess of 25%. Now, that seems like the low number, let me tell you why that seems like a low number. It's because out in 2010, we have not locked up our transportation contracts yet for our unregulated generations, which as you know is a meaningful portion of our costs. Having said that, we have on the coal commodity side, hedged up to 70% of our coal commodity for 2010. So we have made meaningful progress and we are currently in good faith negotiations with our rail suppliers to try and secure our needs for a little bit of 2009 and than for 2010 and beyond.
Michael Lapides: Got it. And can you just give roughly what the break out, PRB coal right now is around 15 or 16 bucks with the break out how much of the total cost is coal versus rail?
Warner L. Baxter: Generally speaking, a rule of thumb in the past has been about two-thirds of our costs has been rail and a third coal.
Michael Lapides: Okay, got it. Thank you, guys.
Warner L. Baxter: Welcome Michael.
Operator: Thank you. And our next question comes from Alex Kania with Merrill Lynch. Go ahead please.
Alex Kania: Hey, good morning.
Unidentified Company Representative: Good morning.
Alex Kania: A quick question just on the 2008 guidance and how things were shaping up year-to-date. Just one that kind of stood up for me and I was just wondering if you could give a little more detail on it was just the dilution and financing. You're running about $0.03 down for the year-to-date period and I think the full year balance is still about $0.12. And I was just wondering what are the pieces of that we should be looking at in the second half of the year?
Warner L. Baxter: Sure. I'll tell you the principal driver that change related to the refinancing of auction rate debt. If you remember obviously the credit markets would happen to them earlier in the year, we had a fair amount of that auction rate debt primarily in both our Missouri regulated and Illinois regulated businesses. And we very quickly went out and refinanced that debt during the first half of the year. And obviously at rates that were higher than what were probably very low rates historically run, 3 to 4% if not then refinanced it, 5 to 6% type of rates. So that incremental piece is what's driving it. And then... so therefore those increases are primarily in the Missouri regulated and Illinois regulated businesses, that's what it's been driven by.
Alex Kania: Okay. Great. And just another question was just on the just any updates on the development of capacity in kind of the ancillary markets and how you see it right now?
Warner L. Baxter: Okay. Andy Serri, who you met at analyst day, who is the President of our AmerenEnergy Marketing Company can frankly give the best update in terms of what's going on in the ancillary services market, a little bit of an update on capacity as well.
Andrew M. Serri: Yeah Alex, good to hear from you. MISO did certify, John Bear, their Chief Operating Officer did certify that they are ready for a September 9 start of the ancillary services market in MISO. And so, we are as other market because has been and the whole industry is preparing for that start on September 9. MISO is probably talking of a year, year and a half, two years before a formal capacity markets develops in MISO. Right now there is a capacity market, it is fairly robust but it is strictly bilateral at this time.
Alex Kania: Great. And just the last follow-up question would be... so have you seen any strengths in those bilateral capacity prices recently over the past quarter or two?
Andrew M. Serri: Yeah, the bilateral capacity market for say, in 2009, 2010 is in that 60 to $70 per megawatt day range and for '10, '11 we are seeing that range in the 70 to $80. And as we said back on our analyst day, we are shooting for that 75 to 80% edge on our capacity.
Alex Kania: Great, thanks guys.
Andrew M. Serri: No problem.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions]. And we have no further audio questions at this time. I would like to turn the conference back over to management for any closing statements.
Warner L. Baxter: Right, and thank you all for participating in this call. Let me remind you again that this call is available till August 8 on playback and for one year on our website. Announcement carries instructions on listening to the playback. You can also call the contacts listed on our news release. For those on the call who are financial analysts, please call Bruce Steinke, media should call Susan Gallagher. Contact numbers are on the news release. Again, thanks for dialing in.
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen, this concludes the Ameren Corporation second quarter 2008 earnings conference call. If you would like to listen to a replay of today's conference please dial 800-405-2236 or 303-590-3000 with the passcode 11117661. ACT would like to thank you for your participation and you may now disconnect.

===== 2008 Q1  (2008-05-02 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Bruce Steinke - VP, Controller and Head, IR Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman and CEO Warner L. Baxter - EVP and CFO Martin J. Lyons - VP and Controller
Analysts: Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc Scott Engstrom - Blenheim Capital Management Douglas Fischer - Wachovia Securities Gregg Orrill - Lehman Brothers
Operator: Good morning ladies and gentlemen; thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Ameren Corporation 2008 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. During today's presentation all parties will be in a listen-only mode. Following the presentation the conference will be open for questions. [Operator Instructions] This conference is being recorded, today, Friday, May 2nd, of 2008. I would now like to turn the conference over to Bruce Steinke, VP and Controller. Please go ahead sir.
Bruce Steinke - Vice President, Controller and Head, Investor Relations: Thank you, Marry and good morning everyone. I'm Bruce Steinke, Vice President and Controller of Ameren Corporation and Head of Investor Relations. On the call with me today is our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Gary Rainwater; our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Warner Baxter; our Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, Marty Lyons; our Vice President and Treasurer, Jerre Birdsong, and other members of the Ameren management team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call will be available by telephone for one week to anyone who wishes to hear it by dialing a playback number. The announcement you received and our news release carry instructions on replaying the call by telephone. This call is also being broadcast live on the Internet and the webcast will be available for one year on our website, www.ameren.com. This call contains time sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast. Redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. I also need to let you know that comments made on this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. For additional information concerning these factors, we ask you to read the forward-looking statement section in the news release we issued today and the forward-looking statements and risk factors section in our periodic filings with the SEC. To assist in our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on our website that includes a slide that reconciles our earnings per share for the first quarter of 2008 to our earnings per share for the first quarter of 2007 on a comparable share basis. And a slide that compares our full year 2008 earnings per share guidance to full year 2007 earnings per share, again on a comparable share basis. To access this presentation you may look in the Investors section of our website under presentations or follow the link for the webcast. Gary will begin this call with an overview of key first quarter 2008 activities and Warner will follow with the discussion of our first quarter 2008 financial results and 2008 earnings guidance. We will then open the call for questions. Here's Gary.
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Bruce. Good morning and thank you for joining us. To begin I'm pleased to say that we're off to a good start in 2008. Our core earnings in the first quarter this year were solid and overall consistent with our expectations. Our base-load generation was up 4% and hydro plant output was up 55% over the prior year. Weather was also favorable and market prices for power were higher. However, rising cost throughout our business combined with significant levels of investment in our Illinois and Missouri regulated businesses continue to negatively impact earnings. This is because our current utility rate levels are not sufficient to recover our costs and provide reasonable returns. As many as of you know in November of 2007 our Illinois utilities filed electric and gas delivery service rate cases with the Illinois commerce commission to increase their revenues by an aggregate of $247 million. We certainly recognized that our Illinois electric customers have experienced sizeable rate increases beginning in 2007, primarily because of higher power supply costs on which our utilities do not make a profit. During settlement talks with stakeholders last summer we pledged to keep the overall annual residential electric bill increases in Illinois to less than 10% in the first year for each utility's residential customers, and our filings were consistent with that pledge. In March the ICC staff filed their direct testimony in the cases and recommended a total increase in electric and gas delivery service revenues of $48 million. The ICC staff recommended the disallowance of a portion of administrative and general cost, cost of plant additions, storm costs, and post test year reliability expenditures. The ICC staff also opposed our Illinois utility's request to implant cost recovery mechanisms for bad debt expenses and electric infrastructure investments. However, the ICC staff offered limited support for our proposal to implement a rate adjustment mechanism for the decoupling of natural gas revenues from sales volumes, which is the key step necessary to actively pursue energy efficiency initiatives that can help our customers. It's important to note that the ICC staff and other interveners' recommendations in this case are just the start in the multi-step process. In April our Illinois utility's through the bottle [ph] testimony reduced these electric and gas revenue increase requests by about $27 million in the aggregate, as they modified certain positions in response to proposals made by other parties. We also withdrew our request to implement cost recovery mechanisms for bad debt expenses. However, we vigorously defended rest of our positions and filed additional support testimony with the ICC for other areas of proposed revenue increases, which we believe should clearly be allowed and are supported by the evidence. The next key dates in these cases are the ICC staff and intervener testimony due on May 14, hearings in June and an expected proposed order in August. Final decision from the ICC is required by the end of September. We look forward to continuing to present our case over the next several months. And as we said in the past we believe the ICC will fairly assess these issues in this case. In Early April AmerenUE filed their request with the Missouri public service commission to increase its annual electric revenues by $251 million. The increase request was driven by, among other things, higher fuel, greater reliability and other expenditures and increased investments to meet environmental requirements and also meet our customers' expectations. In the filing, AmerenUE also requested implementation of a fuel and purchase power cost recovery mechanism. We expect staff and interveners testimony by late summer and the decision by the Missouri public service commission is required by March 2009. This past Wednesday we received an accounting order from the Missouri public service commission that will give AmerenUE the ability to seek direct recovery of, and record as a regulatory asset, all or a portion of AmerenUE's 2007 storm costs. Those costs approximated $25 million. The amount of these costs that will be ultimately allowed to recover will be determined in our pending electric rate case. We continue to evaluate the commission's order; however, in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles we may record a regulatory asset in the second quarter of 2008 representing the minimum amount that we expect to recover. Needless to say achieving constructive regulatory outcomes in both Missouri and Illinois are essential in order for us to meet our customers' rising expectations, invest in our energy infrastructure on a timely basis, and deliver solid long-term returns to our shareholders. In the first quarter of 2008 we also continued rebuilding the upper reservoir or our Taum Sauk pumped-storage hydroelectric plant. The cost of the rebuild is still expected to be in the range of $450 million, but completion is now scheduled for early 2010 due to weather-related delays this spring in summer. We continue to believe that substantially all damages and liabilities caused by the breach, including the cost of the rebuild, will be covered by insurance. We also continue to proceed towards filing this summer a construction and operating license application with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission for a new unit and AmerenUE's Callaway nuclear plant site. As we've noted before this filing does not mean we have made a final decision. It merely preserves the option for us to build a nuclear unit. Finally our Illinois utilities successfully procured the remaining energy and capacity they need for the period June 1, 2008 through May 31st, 2009. Beyond the purchases made through the option and swap agreements. For energy, the around the clock price averaged approximately $60 per megawatt hour, and for capacity the price averaged around $50 per megawatt day on an annualize basis. Our non-rate regulated generation marketing subsidiary participated in this process and was awarded a mix of on-peak and off-peak contracts totaling about 2 million megawatt hours for energy and the mix of various seasonal contracts totaling $6 million in capacity payments. Next year the newly formed Illinois Power Agency will be responsible for managing the power procurement process in Illinois. Recently a Director has been named to head that agency and the planning process continues to move forward for next year's procurement activities. As you can see we are moving forward with the plan we outlined for you in January, to generate meaningful shareholder value. Our plan includes making greater levels of investment in our regulated businesses in response to customer needs and expectations, seeking rate increases and cost recovery mechanisms to reduce the impact of regulatory lag and optimizing our non-rate regulated generation business. And of course we are in the very early stages of executing this plan and I look forward to updating you on our progress. As I said in January, I strongly believe we can successfully execute this plan that will be put... be able to deliver strong long-term shareholder value in the years ahead. I will now turn this over to Warner to walk you through our first quarter 2008 earnings and 2008 earnings guidance.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Gary. I would now like to refer you to the slide presentation on our website as that provide a more detailed discussion of our first quarter 2008 earnings. Turning first to page 3 of our slide presentation, today we announced first quarter 2008 net income, in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles, of $138 million or $0.66 per share. Including the first quarter 2007 GAAP net income of $123 million or $0.59 per share. Excluding certain items in each year, Ameren recorded first quarter 2008 core or non-GAAP net income of $134 million or $0.64 per share compared to first quarter 2007 core net income of $145 million or $0.70 per share. We had several non-core items in the first quarter of 2007 and 2008 that we have excluded from our discussion of core earnings. In first quarter of 2008, the cost of the 2007 Illinois comprehensive electric settlement reduced earnings by $0.03 per share; however, this was more than offset by net mark-to-market gains from non-qualifying hedges which benefited first quarter 2008 earnings by $0.05 per share. This is the first period in which we have eliminated mark-to-market gains or losses on non-qualifying hedges from our core earnings, because the amounts in the past have been immaterial. This quarter we recorded significant mark-to-market gains, principally on option contracts to hedge diesel fuel costs imbedded in our transportation contracts for coal we ship from the Powder River Basin. The sharp run-up in diesel fuel prices drove this gain in 2008. For comparative purposes we also carved out the net mark-to-market loss we had in the first quarter of 2007. This loss of $0.02 per share related primarily to energy swap transactions. Accumulatively, the current and prior year mark-to-market impact caused $0.07 per share favorable variance in year-over-year GAAP earnings. Other items which we excluded from core earnings include the impact of severe ice storms in the first quarter of 2007, which reduced earnings by $0.09 per share. In addition, a Federal Energy Regulatory Commission order retroactively adjusting prior year's regional transmission organization costs reduced first quarter 2007 earnings by $0.05 per share. Finally there was a benefit of $0.05 per share in the first quarter of 2007 for the reversal of a 2006 charge related to funding commitments, below income energy assistance energy efficiency programs. Again we've excluded all of these items from our core earnings comparisons. As Gary said earlier, our first quarter 2008 core earnings were consistent with our expectations. Core earnings in the first quarter of 2008 were below the same period in 2007, principally because of higher fuel prices, increased distribution system reliability spending and the impact of electric rate redesign in Illinois. The earnings impact of these unfavorable items was reduced by, among other things, improved generation levels, higher power sales prices, the impact of colder than normal weather on natural gas and power demand, and the benefit of the 2007 Missouri rate cases. The results of Missouri electric and gas rate cases added $0.06 per share to earnings in the first quarter compared to the year ago period. This includes the benefit of higher electric and gas rates as well as lower depreciation and decreased tax expenses pursuant to Missouri Public Service Commission electric and gas rate orders affective in June and April 2007, respectively. In late 2007, the agency [ph] authorized redesigned electric rates to reduce seasonal fluctuations for residential customers who use electricity to heat their homes. The affect of these redesign rates shifted $0.05 per share of earnings out of the first quarter of 2008. The new rates were also expected to shift earnings out of the fourth quarter of 2008. These earnings are expected to be recovered during the third quarter of 2008 with no impact on full year earnings. I should note the magnitude of this quarterly variances on earnings are lower than previously indicated, because the power cost associated with the rate redesign are being recorded as a regulatory asset. Other electric and gas margins increased $0.16 per share in the first quarter of 2008, primarily as a result of increased generation output and higher power sales prices. As Gary said earlier, our base-load generation was up 4%, as base-load plant capacity factors increased from 79% to 82% and hydro plant production was up 55% due to heavy rains. In addition, power prices were stronger in the first quarter of 2008 over 2007, but it [ph] was also a benefit in the first quarter of 2008, earning $0.03 per share over the prior year period and $0.02 per share compared to normal. Heating degree-days were 11% above 2007 and 6% above normal. As expected we experienced higher cost for fuel and related transportation which reduced first quarter 2008 earnings by $0.09 per share. Two-thirds of this was in our Missouri regulated operations, and about a third was in our non-rate regulated generation segment. Plant operations and maintenance costs increased $0.02 per share in the first quarter of 2008 compared to the year-ago period due to increased outage costs between periods. Distribution system reliability and maintenance expenditures reduced earnings by $0.06 per share in the first quarter 2008 compared to the year ago period, as we continue to make significant incremental investments to improve reliability and customer satisfaction. In addition we had several smaller storms that added to these costs in the current year quarter. Finally other labor and employee benefits, bad debt expenses, depreciation and amortization, other taxes and other expenses increased year-over-year and the quarter. Moving on to our 2008 guidance, and slide 4. As we stated in the our news release this morning, we reaffirm that we expect 2008 GAAP earnings to be in the range of $2.68 to $3.08 per share and core or non-GAAP earnings to be in the range of $2.80 to $3.20 per share. The $0.12 per share difference between GAAP and core earnings guidance is because of the estimated negative impact in 2008 on GAAP earnings of the 2007 comprehensive electric settlement agreement among parties in Illinois. We've also not assumed any net mark-to-market gains or losses in our guidance. Regarding specific items on the reconciliation of 2008 earnings guidance to 2007 actual earnings, we have increased expected margins to both realized and expected higher power prices. In addition, we also increased our estimate for depreciation and amortization expenses as well as financing costs. Financing costs are higher as a result the recent refinancing of our option rate debt. Since the beginning of the year, we have been very active in the capital markets as we've issued nearly $900 million of debt to refinance outstanding option rate securities and to repay short-term debt secured to fund out construction program. As you know early this year the auction rate securities market collapsed. We moved quickly to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals to refinance approximately $600 million of the $800 million auction rate that we had outstanding. I am pleased to report that our auction rate securities that had high default interest rates, in the event of an auction failure, have been successfully refinanced. The remaining $200 million of our auction rate securities have reasonable default interest rates. However, we will continue to monitor market conditions for these securities. We have also modestly revised the expected contribution to 2008 core earnings by Illinois regulated and non regulated generation business segments as shown on slide 5. We have lowered the range by $0.05 per share for the Illinois regulated segment. Primarily because of higher financing and bad debt costs and raised the non-rate regulated generation segment by the same amount, because of higher power prices. Ameren's consolidated and segment guidance for 2008 assumes normal weather and is subject to, among other things, regulatory decisions and legislative actions, plant operations, energy market and economic conditions, severe storms, unusual or otherwise unexpected gains or losses and other risks and uncertainties outlined or referred to in the forward-looking statements section of our press release. This concludes my prepared remarks and we will be happy now to take your questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you sir. [Operator Instructions] And our first question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with KeyBanc. Please go ahead.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Warner, can you run through the rate redesign impacts again. I kind of missed that.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure Paul. Happy to do so. I think what we'll do... I'll have Bruce run through some of the specifics on a quarter-by-quarter basis.
Bruce Steinke - Vice President, Controller and Head, Investor Relations: Paul, on the first quarter we had a nickel impact to rate redesign. And I think if you go back to our Investor Day we had $0.13. And for the full year at the Investor Day I think we had indicated kind of $0.20 swing and this year it will be about $0.10. And if you want to see the specifics quarter-by-quarter, I guess, I'd refer you to the slide presentation that we put up on the website, which we kind of put that text, graphic back up there again.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Of course, as we've said in the past, Paul, that this has no impact on full year earnings, this is just a shift between quarter-and-quarter.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Warner, you mentioned something about bookings on to the reg asset.
Bruce Steinke - Vice President, Controller and Head, Investor Relations: Yeah, Paul, what that is, is basically when you look at the impact. The amount we gave you in the first quarter was the revenue impact. And a piece of that, of course, is the power supply cost which is just effectively a pass through to the customers. So what we have done is the amount that we are under-collecting on the power supply cost, we've hung up as a regulatory asset. It will be recovered during the third quarter. So, again those numbers are negative 5 now in the first quarter; no impact on Q2, positive 10, on Q3; and a negative 5 on Q4.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Okay. So, this is just shifting timing around.
Bruce Steinke - Vice President, Controller and Head, Investor Relations: It's just timing, yes.
Paul Ridzon - KeyBanc: Thank you very much.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Scott Engstrom of the Blenheim Capital Management. Please go ahead.
Scott Engstrom - Blenheim Capital Management: Hi, good morning.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning.
Scott Engstrom - Blenheim Capital Management: Just looking for reporting segment or filing company breakdown by net income? And then additionally do you have with you there how the mark-to-market would break out between the reporting subs.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: With regard to the first question let me try and answer that, then we will see if have that segment, otherwise we may have to do that one offline. But with regard to the three months ended 2008 for our legal reporting segment UE was at $63 million, CIPS was at $2 million, Genco was at $46 million, Sauk Core [ph] was $20 million, IT was $2 million, and then other Ameren Corporation was at $5 million for a total of $138 million.
Scott Engstrom - Blenheim Capital Management: Okay. So is it fair to say that the SIPS and IT were most hit by the timing issues of the rate design.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yeah there has been most significant impacts there were certainly rate redesign as well as incremental reliability spending year-over-year and they were favorably offset generally by some improved weather conditions in this quarter.
Scott Engstrom - Blenheim Capital Management: And the $0.03 of rate relief kind of spreads proportionally across the Illinois subs to their size.
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: The Illinois rate relief of course is partly in our unregulated generation business probably [ph] in the Illinois.
Scott Engstrom - Blenheim Capital Management: Yeah. I am sorry. Okay. Do you have the $0.05 there where with you or should I follow up later.
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Basically two-third UE; one-third, Genco.
Scott Engstrom - Blenheim Capital Management: Okay. Great. Thanks a lot guys.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure you are welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of, excuse me, Dan Jinken [ph] with State of Wisconsin. Please go ahead.
Bruce Steinke - Vice President, Controller and Head, Investor Relations: Good morning, Dan.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning. I was just wondering on the rate cases in Illinois and Missouri, if for each of them you could give me the requested ROE, and then the prior allowed ROE, and then if you have what the revenue impact would be of the 1% change ?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure, with regard to Missouri, the requested ROE was 10.9% with the capital structure of approximately 51%. In Illinois the requested was 11% with the capital structure ranging for those entities, ranging between 51% and 53% equity content. When you look at the 1% changed that we talk to you about in the past. And that's comparing what we are currently earning in our existing business to get to a allowed ROE, a 1% change in the Illinois business represents about $27 million of pre-tax income or approximately $0.09 per share. Whereas in Missouri operations the 1% change is $50 million and that's about $0.16 per share.
Unidentified Analyst: What was the prior ROE allowed for
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The prior ROEs that we're allowed in Illinois generally were around 10% and in Missouri were 10.2% in the last rate case.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Doug Fischer with Wachovia Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Douglas Fischer - Wachovia Securities: Good morning. Lot of the questions have been asked, but just a quick question on the storm reg asset. Remind us what your total expense was and how much... what the range might be of actual potential recovery? And then I assume that potential regulatory asset is not in your GAAP guidance for the year?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Let me answer... start from the very top. With regard to the overall impact on Missouri, the storm costs were $25 million, those are pre-tax dollars. And so our range of potential outcome in the rate case is up $25 million and that's what will be considered in the next rate cast. And then, you are correct, with regard to any regulatory asset that we would establish that is not included in our GAAP guidance for the recovery, the potential recorded as regulatory assets.
Douglas Fischer - Wachovia Securities: And what on the... was there are any particulars as to what criteria the commission might use to decide between 0 and 25 or is that all left to the rate case?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Doug, when you look at the order, I would say, there were no specifics in there. I mean one of the major issues that is being addressed relates to the appropriate amortization period for those regulatory assets. The staff believes that the amortization period for that $25 million of regulatory asset should commence... should have commenced back in January of '07. Our view is that the amortization of that regulatory asset should commence as of the date of the final order in our next rate case. And so that obviously would be a difference between the amortization periods, where you might have in excess of year or two of amortization, which would lower the $25 million found ratably then. So that's really the substantive difference. In terms of that, I think the Commission obviously will have the ability to look more closely and connect with [ph] the rate case in terms of the appropriateness of those costs and whatever regulatory policy they deem appropriate for the recovery of those unusual cost or extraordinary costs, in this case.
Douglas Fischer - Wachovia Securities: Okay, thanks Warner.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You are welcome, Doug.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question comes from the line of David Grumhel with Wachovia Capital [ph]. Please go ahead.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, David.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning guys. Nice start to the year.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thank you.
Unidentified Analyst: Couple of quick questions for you. Following up on the ROE question, with you taken down Illinois on the year. What sort of ROE are you implying in guidance? I think you sort of been around five or six?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well I think with regard to guidance, of course. We said at the beginning of the year in Analyst Day that we expected the Illinois regulated segment to earn 5%, we've lowered that to 4% because of these incremental financing costs and some incremental bad debt expenses that we cited in our talking points as well as the press release and so our original guidance was closer to 5% ROE for them.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. And you are expecting a rate order there, I think, in time for the fourth quarter?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: That's correct.
Unidentified Analyst: So, I am assuming guidance reflect some pick up in rates from Illinois?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Overall guidance would reflect some constructive regulatory outcome in Illinois. Absolutely.
Unidentified Analyst: Settlement in either state. Are those possible, are those... is that something you look for, is that's something that's unlikely, can you give us any assessment on that?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure, with regard to settlement, and as you know in the past we've always sought to work constructively with interveners in the case or parties to the case. To try and settle either the entire case or certain issues. And so I wouldn't suggest that either in Missouri, Illinois that we don't have that possibility to move forward and would welcome any of those opportunities... at a minimum to limit some of those, the issues which are pending. In terms of... in Illinois, typically, even if you have a settlement or even a partial settlement, historically that... the case would run its full course, the 11 months, and so therefore you go through the normal regulatory process. In the past, the Missouri, in the last case we settled certain issues with certain parties throughout the case, but that case of course ran its full course that could still indeed be the case in this particular Missouri case. But with the Illinois we've obviously further along down that process. In Missouri we are just getting started. So the possibilities are certainly there, but the handicap well [ph] that's indeed distinct possibilities, it's just too difficult to say.
Unidentified Analyst: And then last question for you. Can you just talk a little bit about usage trends? I guess weather normalize... to your best guess on whether normalized, both on the gas distribution and on the electric side?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. I think overall, David, what we are seeing and maybe your question gets to some of the impacts or potential of the economy. We are still seeing relatively solid sales. We have seen a little bit of pullback in some of our industrial sales this quarter. As you know one quarter is kind of difficult to sort of peg that and say you really have a trend. So, as we've said in the past when you look at overall usage as an organization, even as an area. Whether we have an economic boom or an economic downtime, we typically don't have the spikes, one way or the other, in our business then maybe some others and higher growth regions may see.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, and gas distribution side, same thing, not too much conservation, you felt pretty good about demand on that side?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: So far that's true question. Of course, you know we've had stronger weather, but even when you normalize it we haven't seen a meaningful change, I would say here in the first quarter that would effect things. And Gary I don't know in terms of the overall economic situation in the reason, do have any other comments on that.
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well, David, the feeling by most people in our area is that the economy is soft, but not really in a recession and we are seeing in that in the numbers that we're looking at for sales growth. We are seeing some growth still in residential and commercial with industrial down just slightly which is typical for us. And I think as Warner mentioned that we are not affected very much by the economic cycles in St. Louis. The economy here never seems to drop quite as low as it does in other parts of the country. And then when we rebound, it doesn't rebound quite as vigorously as other parts of the country. So we just are not very sensitive with that, don't pay a lot of attention to it.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, that's helpful guys, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Gregg Orrill with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Gregg Orrill - Lehman Brothers: Thanks a lot. Good morning.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Good morning, Gregg.
Gregg Orrill - Lehman Brothers: In the Missouri case what would be the ultimate updated timeframe you'll be looking at to give a price of your coal usage and then for that period what's hedging level?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I guess in terms of the case itself. I'll have Marty touch on, sort of, what the test chair [ph] we found and what the known and measurable updates are that we found in the case or at least what we... that we proposed in the case, I think he can mention some of those [ph].
Martin J. Lyons - Vice President and Controller: Sure Gregg... this is Marty. In the case that we filed, as you are probably aware we had a rate base of about $5.9 billion which represented a test year of March 31 with updates, however, to June 30th. In terms of your fuel cost question, the fuel cost that are locked in, are those up really through January 1st. We would of course update through June 30th. And to the extent that the Commission allows us to update further to the end of September, we would do that as well. However, as you probably know most of our... really, all of our coal and coal transportation contracts which are the largest component of our overall fuel costs in Missouri. Those rates generally change around the first of the year and then pretty stable throughout the years, so effectively its January 1st, 2008 cost that are reflected in the rate case.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I'll also add to that, Gregg, in terms of where we're at and hedged. I means those are known and measurable, we are 100% hedged for our coal and transportation costs of Missouri as well as when you look out to '09 we have the vast majority of that already taken care of for both coal and transportation in excess of 85%, 90% hedged entirely for both of those. So those amounts are out there in our normal measurement.
Gregg Orrill - Lehman Brothers: And the way the fuel cost is going to work going forward in Missouri. Is there any... I guess the question is, is there any potential to get that without having to come in for a full case or to look at it on a multiyear basis. More inline with what other states would have.
Martin J. Lyons - Vice President and Controller: Gregg, this is Marty again. Under the state law that established and enabled fuel adjustment clauses. There is a requirement that fuel adjustment clause be established in the context of a rate case, so it really can't be established outside of a normal rate case. Additionally, under that law, rate cases are required, every four years, why you are using a fuel adjustment clause. And to the extent that we would come in for a rate case in between those two sort of milestones, we would also be required to again re-file for these, the fuel adjustment clause, so that all the costs that electric is incurring can be considered at that time. So, the short answer to your question is, no. We really don't have the ability to establish a fuel adjustment clause outside of a rate case.
Gregg Orrill - Lehman Brothers: Okay, thanks.
Operator: Thank you. [Operator Instructions] And our next question is a follow-up from the line of Doug Fischer with Wachovia Capital Markets. Please go ahead.
Douglas Fischer - Wachovia Securities: Good morning again.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Hi Doug.
Douglas Fischer - Wachovia Securities: Hi. Just while we are talking about the fuel clause, maybe you can just update us, refresh us, on the environmental clause situation and where we are at and how that might play forward here over the next few years?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure, with regard to the environmental clause, the Commission did issue rules associated with the environmental clause within the last 30-60 days. As we have stated, we did not file for an environmental cost recovery mechanism in this particular case. Number one, because the existing rules that were approved by the Commission actually are going to be rather difficult to administer going forward. And in fact, we have raised some of those issues with the Commission in an agenda session made. They looked like they were... they in their discussions looked like they may indeed consider modifying those rules to be more user-friendly prospectively. But then secondly the other point from our perspective on the environmental clause is that most of our environmental capital expenditures, frankly, are occurring in years 2009 and beyond. And so when we step back, we decided not to proceed... to seek for the environmental clause in this particular case. However, it is certainly an important mechanism that we will seek to potentially use in future rate cases. So the Commission is... we believe the Commission will reconsider the existing rules. If they do so, they will have to go through the typical rule making process. But the Commission has not made a final determination on that as of yet.
Douglas Fischer - Wachovia Securities: And then remind us of the nature of the fuel clause that you requested to the degree that is inline with or varies from what Aquila got?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure, I'll let Marty address that.
Martin J. Lyons - Vice President and Controller: Yeah, Doug, this is Marty again. In terms of the fuel cost that we have purposed... we've proposed to run through the fuel clause our fuel costs as well as our off system sales in the way it would be proposed to work is in this case they would establish sort of a net based fuel cost amount which would be fuel cost less all system sales. And then prospectively after the new rates are set any deviation in those net based fuel costs, whether they go up or down, 95% of those changes would run through the fuel adjustment clause. And we've requested to be allowed to adjust rates up to three times annually for those changes. The 95% that we would be allowed to turn through the fuel clause is consistent with the Aquila fuel adjustment clause that they received.
Douglas Fischer - Wachovia Securities: And what's you argument. Obviously they didn't... haven't given you that in the past. And I think the argument has been that you have coal-based generation and lot more base-loads in some of the other utilities and a few of the other small utilities in the state. What's your argument to overcome that objection to giving you the fuel clause?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I think Doug... this is Warner again. As we look at it, we clearly believe, we put evidence in this case to show that not only those costs significant, but they are also volatile. And I think just evidence in the recent marketplace just continues to show that the overall volatility of coal related transportation costs. So we think that case is even stronger in terms of where we are at. I think the other piece to remember is that in the last case issues surrounding the fuel clause in general, there were several that made it a more complicated issue. Things like the joint dispatch agreement. Being the first time it was really considered and reviewed by the commission, in the context of determination of fuel cost and off system sales margins as well as the EEI contract, among other things. So those issues have now been resolved, and in fact we have better historical data that will make those issues, we believe, an easier exercise not just for the Commission but also for the other parties in the case. And then lastly, is the fact that indeed there is a utility in the State of Missouri that has a fuel adjustment clause already, whereas in last case we were the first one to seek that in the state. So all of those things we believe give us confidence that we will be successful in this upcoming case associated with fuel adjustment cost.
Douglas Fischer - Wachovia Securities: Thanks.
Operator: Thank you. And there are no further questions at this time. I will turn it over to Mr. Baxter for closing comments, please go ahead sir.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Great, and thank you all for participating in this call. Let me remind you again that this call is available through midnight on playback, and for one year on our website. The announcement carries instructions on listening to the playback. You can also call the contacts listed on our news release. For those on the call who are financial analysts, please call Bruce Steinke or Theresa Nistendirk. Media should call Tim Fox. Contact numbers are on the news release. And again, thank you for dialing in.
Operator: Thank you. Ladies and gentlemen that will conclude today's teleconference. If you would like to listen to replay of today's conference, you may dial in 2303-590-3000 or 1-800-405-2236, and enter the access code of 11112418 followed by the pound sign. We thank you again for your participation today, and at this time you may disconnect.

===== 2007 Q4  (2008-02-14 10:00:00) =====
Executives: Bruce Steinke - VP, Controller and Head of IR Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman and CEO Warner L. Baxter - EVP and CFO
Analysts: Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose Ashar Khan - SAC Capital Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs Stephen Gambuzza - Longbow Capital Gregg Orrill - Lehman Brothers
Operator: Ladies and gentlemen thank you for standing by and welcome to the Ameren Corporation 2007 Fourth Quarter Earnings Call. During today's presentation, all parties are in a listen-only mode. And following today's presentation the conference will be open for question and answers. As a reminder, this conference is being recorded, Thursday, February 14th of 2008. I would now like to turn the call over to Bruce Steinke, Vice President and Controller. Please go ahead, sir.
Bruce Steinke - Vice President, Controller and Head of Investor Relations: Thank you, Mike and good morning everyone. I'm Bruce Steinke, Vice President and Controller of Ameren Corporation and Head of Investor Relations. On the call with me today, is our Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer, Gary Rainwater; our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Warner Baxter; our Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer, Marty Lyons, and other members of Ameren management team. Before we begin, let me cover a few administrative details. This call will be available by telephone for one week to anyone who wishes to hear it by dialing a playback number. The announcement you received and our news release carry instructions on replaying the call by telephone. This call is also being broadcast live on the Internet and the webcast will be available for one year on our website, www.ameren.com. This call contains time sensitive data that is accurate only as of the date of today's live broadcast. Redistribution of this broadcast is prohibited. I also need to let you know that comments made on this conference call may contain statements that are commonly referred to as forward-looking statements. Such statements include those about future expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, and financial performance. We caution you that various factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements. For additional information concerning these factors, we ask you to read the forward-looking statements section in the news release we issued today and the forward-looking statements and risk factors section in our periodic filings with the SEC. To assist on our call this morning, we have posted a presentation on our website that includes a slide that reconciles our earnings per share for the fourth quarter and full year 2007 to our earnings per share for the fourth quarter and full year 2006 on a comparable share basis. And a slide that compares our full year 2008 earnings per share guidance to full year 2007 earnings per share guidance, earnings per share again on a comparable share basis. To access this presentation, you may look in the Investors section of our website under presentations, or follow the links for the webcast. Gary will begin this call with an overview of 2007 and a discussion of key operating and regulatory matters, Warner will then follow with a discussion of our 2007 results and 2008 earnings guidance. We will then open up the call for questions. Here's Gary.
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Thanks Bruce. Good morning and thank you for joining us. This morning we are pleased to report earnings for the fourth quarter and full year, 2007 which after adjusting for unusual items are in line with our original and revised earnings guidance ranges for 2007. We also reaffirm that 2008 earnings guidance that we first provided last month. Warner will discuss these items with you in more detail in a moment. I will begin my discussion with an overview of 2007. In 2007, we accomplished some key objectives that we believe will bring significant long term benefits to our customer and stockholders. In Illinois, we reached a comprehensive settlement that will help our customer's transition to new electric rates and bring stability to the power procurement process. Rate freeze or roll back legislation in response to higher electric rates in Illinois is driven by deregulation of that market, but have had severe negative operational and financial consequences for our company as well as significantly impacted our ability to deliver reliable service to our customers. Major stakeholders involved with this issue agreed to the comprehensive Illinois electric settlement. The stakeholders included the Illinois Governor's office, the Illinois Senate and House leadership and the Illinois Attorney General's office. As a result, the settlement provides significantly greater levels of legislative regulatory and legal certainty. It also enables a viable competitive power supply market to continue to develop in Illinois. In addition to the settlement, eliminates a significant distraction to our company and will allow us to focus on implementing our business strategies of delivering excellent service to our customers and strong returns for our shareholders. In Missouri, we were able to settle all state and federal issues associated with the 2005 Taum Sauk Plant reservoir breach. We begun rebuilding the upper reservoir at that pump storage hydroelectric plant. The cost of the rebuild is expected to be in the range of $450 million and the rebuild project is expected to serve as an engine for economic growth of Southeast Missouri. Completion is scheduled for the fall of 2009. We continue to believe that substantially all damages and liabilities caused by the breach including the cost of the rebuild will be covered by insurance. In both Missouri and Illinois in 2007, we significantly increased our investments in our energy infrastructure to deliver the reliable energy and cleaner air our customers and communities expect. As we discussed at our Analyst Day in January, these in future investments are expected to significantly contribute to long term earnings growth in our regulated businesses. However, in the near term our returns in 2007 and expected returns in 2008 in our regulated Missouri and Illinois businesses are below levels allowed by the respective State Utility Commissions in our last rate cases. That's due to the fact that our current rates are significantly below the cost and investment levels we are facing in our businesses today. As we have discussed with you in the past, in a rising cost environment, earnings will be negatively impacted due to the regulatory lag until appropriate levels of rate relief are granted. As a result in late 2007, we filed for an aggregate $247 million electric and gas rate increase in Illinois. We also expect to file an electric rate increase request in Missouri in the second quarter of 2008 to mitigate these higher costs and investment levels. The request filed with the Illinois Commerce Commission were for an aggregate $180 million increase in electric and an aggregate $67 million increase in gas rates. We recognized that our Illinois electric customers have experienced sizeable rate increases over the past year, primarily because of higher power supply cost on which our utilities do not make a profit. We are sensitive to this issue and during settlement talks with stakeholders last summer, we pledged to keep the overall annual residential electric bill increases in Illinois to less than 10% in the first year for each utilities residential customers. Our Illinois electric rate filings fulfilled that promise. We have also requested rate adjustment mechanisms for bad debt expenses and certain electric infrastructure investments. In addition, we have requested the decoupling of the collection of revenues for fixed natural gas delivery cost from sales volumes to assure we do not over or under collect delivery service revenues. Dampen, intervene [ph] a testimony is doing this case in mid-March and a decision is expected from the Illinois Commerce Commission in September. Constructive outcomes for the rate cases in Illinois and Missouri are very important to our regulated utility businesses. We need to recover our costs to continue investing in energy infrastructure on a timely basis and provide our customers with safe and reliable service. On the Missouri side, last week AmerenUE filed an integrated resource plant with the Missouri Public Service Commission. This plan was put together with significant stakeholder input from representatives of organizations that include consumer advocates, those who represent low income customers, advocates for large business interest, environmental groups and officials from the Missouri Department of Natural Resources, the Office of Public Counsel and the Missouri Public Service Commission staff. The integrated resource plan outlines support for energy efficiency measures to reduce demand growth, expand renewable generation and increase existing power plant efficiency. Some of UE's coal-fired power plants are also aging and an analysis will be completed in 2009 to determine which units are likely candidates for retirement. The integrated resource plan concludes that a new base load plant is expected to be required in our regulated Missouri operations in 2018 to 2020 timeframe. For that reason, we are preserving the option to develop additional nuclear generation by researching clean coal and carbon sequestration technologies. This year, we expect to file a construction and operating license application with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission for a new unit at AmerenUE's Callaway nuclear plant site. Well, this filing does not represent a final decision. It preserves the option to build a nuclear unit. As we stated in the past, we will not proceed with any new base load power plants without construction cost being allowed in the rate base in Missouri. In addition, to considering a new unit at Callaway, we also began the process this year to extend through 2044, the existing unit license at Callaway which currently expires in 2024. The Missouri Public Service Commission has scheduled a pre-hearing conference on the IRP to set a procedural schedule. In our non-rate regulated generation operations, we continued in 2007 to execute our plan for investing in our power plants, to improve their future productivity as well as to effectively market our generation, consistent with our risk management framework. We have also begun major work on some of our coal-fired plants to begin installing additional environmental controls. I believe our accomplishments in 2007 positioned us well, to execute on the business strategies we outlined for you in January, at our Analyst Day. We firmly believe the execution of these strategies will deliver strong earnings growth and solid risk adjusted returns in the future. That growth will come primarily from our regulated businesses. Growth in our regulated businesses will be driven by significantly higher investment levels, to improve the reliability of our distribution systems and to comply with environmental regulations to produce cleaner air. These investments are consistent with our customers and regulators expectations. In addition, growth in our regulated businesses will come from updating our current rates to better reflect the current levels of cost and investments for experiencing in these businesses. Today we are earning substandard returns on our regulated businesses due to regulatory lag. Our plan to address this shortfall and to achieve growth is very straight forward. We'll file more frequent rate cases requesting moderate rate increases as well as seek appropriate cost recovery mechanisms to mitigate regulatory lag. In addition, we'll continue to optimize our non-rate regulated generation assets, focusing on improving our plant's output and related energy marketing. By 2010, we expect our non-rate regulated base load plant output to increase approximately 10% over 2007 levels to nearly 33 million megawatt hours. While we currently believe that rising costs including fuel, depreciation and financing costs largely offset these productivity gains, we believe our plants will be well positioned for earnings growth in the future, should energy and capacity prices improve consistent with the market fundamentals, we discussed with you in January. The bottom line is that we anticipate average earnings per share growth on the order of 4% to 6% per year through 2010 from a normalized 2007 base; with earnings of approximately $3.70 per share by 2010. By 2011 we expect to be able to achieve earnings of about $4 per share and higher in 2012. While our earnings per share growth will not be linear from our normalized 2007 base, that's due to the impact of regulatory lag and making upgrades at our non-rate regulated power plants. We are confident we can deliver these results by the end of 2010. In addition, we are still dedicated to providing a strong, sustainable dividend and are focused on setting a foundation for future dividend growth. We believe the business strategy to achieve these goals is proven in lower risk, and that we will be successful. I will now turn it over to Warner to walk you through our 2007 earnings and 2008 earnings guidance.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Thanks Gary. I would now like to refer you to the slide presentation on our website, as it provides a more detailed discussion of our 2007 earnings. This presentation reconciles our earnings per share for the fourth quarter and full year 2007 for our earnings per share for the fourth quarter and full year 2006 on a comparable share basis. In addition, this presentation includes a slide that compares our 2008 GAAP and non-GAAP earnings per share guidance, the full year 2007 GAAP and non-GAAP earnings per share on a comparable share basis. Turning first to our 2007 earnings reconciliation on page three of our presentation. Today we announced 2007 GAAP net income of $618 million or $2.98 per share, compared to 2006 GAAP net income of $547 million or $2.66 per share. Excluding unusual items in each year Ameren recorded 2007 non-GAAP net income of $690 million or $3.34 per share, compared to 2006 non-GAAP net income of $599 million or $2.92 per share. Ameren recorded GAAP net income of $108 million or $0.52 per share for the fourth quarter of 2007, compared to $61 million or $0.30 per share for the fourth quarter of 2006. Excluding unusual items in the fourth quarter of each year, Ameren recoded 2007 non-GAAP net income of $123 million or $0.61 per share, compared to 2006 non-GAAP net income of $89 million or $0.43 per share. Both 2006 and 2007 included several unusual items. The net cost of the 2007 Illinois Comprehensive Electric Settlement reduced fourth quarter 2007 earnings at $0.08 per share and full year earnings per share by $0.21. 2007, a Federal Energy Regulatory Commission order, attractively adjusting prior year's regional transmission organization costs reduced fourth quarter earnings by $0.01 per share and full year 2007 earnings by $0.06 per share. 2006 restoration efforts associated with severe storms reduced net income by $0.13 per share in the fourth quarter and $0.26 per share over the year. The impact of storm restoration efforts was less in 2007 but still significant. Costs associated with severe storms in 2007 reduced full year earnings per share by $0.09 per share. I will note that we are seeking deferral and recovery of the 2007 storm costs from the Missouri Public Service Commission. We expect a decision from the Commission, later this year. Non-GAAP earnings in 2007 principally benefited from higher priced power sales, contracts and our non-rate regulated generation business segments. The June 2007 implementation of the Missouri electric rate order and greater demand for electricity and natural gas caused by warmer summer and cooler winter weather than in 2006. Reducing the benefit of these positive items were among other things higher operating expenses including fuel costs, lower emission allowance sales, increased expenditures to improve reliability in our regulated business segments and higher depreciation and financing costs, due to greater energy infrastructure investments. More specifically, in 2007 Illinois regulated business segment margins were $0.07 per share lower than in 2006. This was due primarily to the move from a bundled to unbundled electric delivery service rate structure. Another change in our electric rate structure in Illinois, and a more significant impact on the fourth quarter of 2007. Prior to 2007 our Illinois residential electric rates were designed to be lower during the winter heating periods and higher during the summer cooling periods. Throughout 2007, we have been billing electric sales based on rates designed to be the same throughout the year. As a result, fourth quarter 2007 earnings were $0.14 per share higher than the prior year period. As we have provided for you at our Analyst Day, this allocation of revenues among quarters will change again in 2008 due to an Illinois Commerce Commission order. Results of the Missouri electric and gas rate case added $0.08 per share to earnings in the fourth quarter and $0.21 per share for the full year 2007, compared to the year ago period. This includes the benefit of higher electric and gas rates, lower depreciation and decreased taxes. Pursuant to the Missouri Public Service Commission, electric and gas rate orders effective in June and April 2007 respectively. Other electric margins increased $0.48 per share in the fourth quarter and $1.46 per share for the full year 2007. Primarily, as a result of the higher sales prices for the output of our non-rate regulated generation fleet. Higher cost for fuel and related transportation, primarily in our Missouri regulated operations reduced electric margins by approximately $0.08 per share in the fourth quarter and $0.31 per share for all of 2007, compared to the year ago period. Favorable weather, primarily in the summer, drove full year 2007 margins higher by $0.14 per share versus the prior year and $0.10 per share versus normal weather conditions. Cooling degree-days increased 19% in 2007, compared to 2006 and were 37% above normal. Heating degree-days were 8% above 2006, but 10% below normal. The scheduled Callaway nuclear plant refueling and maintenance outage reduced full year 2007 earnings by $0.09 per share, compared to 2006 when there was no scheduled outage. Labor and benefit costs increased $0.06 per share in the fourth quarter of 2007 and $0.18 per share for the full year 2007 versus 2006. Increased expenditures for distribution system reliability and maintenance reduced earnings by $0.09 per share in the fourth quarter and $0.15 per share for all of 2007, compared to the year ago periods, as we began to make significant incremental investments to improve reliability and customer satisfaction. Depreciation and amortization expenses were $0.13 per share higher in 2007 and in 2006 primarily because of increased capital additions, the amortization of a regulatory asset associated with the recovery of Ameren IP acquisition integration costs which began in January 2007. Dilution and financing cost reduced fourth quarter 2007 earnings by $0.04 and full year 2007 earnings by $0.17 versus 2006. Dilution and financing cost in 2007 were higher than the year ago period as a result of continued funding of energy infrastructure and power generation investments whilst higher borrowing costs resulting from credit rating downgrades. These downgrades were largely associated with the legislative uncertainties in Illinois. Reduced cost associated with the 2005 Taum Sauk Plant upper reservoir breach improved 2007 earnings by $0.15 per share relative to last year and $0.04 in the fourth quarter. Increased emission allowance sales also reduced earnings by $0.09 per share in the fourth quarter and $0.16 per share for all of 2007, compared to the prior year periods. We also do not benefit in the fourth quarter of 2007 from a $0.15 per share gain on the sale of non-core properties. Principally leverage leases as we did in the 2006 period. Moving on to 2008 and slide 4, as Gary noted earlier and as we stated in our news release this morning, we reaffirm that we expect 2008 GAAP earnings to be in the range of $2.68 to $3.08 per share and non-GAAP earnings to be in the range of $2.80 to $3.20 per share. The $0.12 per share difference between GAAP and non-GAAP guidance is because of the estimated negative impact in 2008 on GAAP earnings for the 2007 comprehensive electric settlement agreement among parties in Illinois. We also reaffirm this morning the expected contributions from our three business segments as shown on slide 5. The 2008 earnings guidance range and expected segment contribution ranges are consistent with those that we provided to you at our Analyst Day in January. Similarly, the reconciliation of 2008 earnings guidance to 2007 actual earnings is largely consistent with the reconciliation we provided at the Analyst Day. As a result, I do not plan going through our 2008 earnings guidance reconciliation again in detail. Ameren's guidance for 2008 assumes normal weather and is subject to among other things, regulatory and legislative decisions, plant operations, energy market and economic conditions, severe storms, unusual or otherwise unexpected gains or losses and other risks and uncertainties outlined or referred to in the forward-looking statements section of our press release. We close as we look beyond 2008, not only do we believe that there is strong underlying value of our enterprise, and as Gary noted earlier, and as we discussed at our Analyst Day, we are convinced we have a very straight forward and executable strategy to deliver strong earnings for 2010 and beyond. That strategy consist of updating our rates to reflect more current cost levels and earning fair returns on incremental investments desired by our customers and regulators in our regulated businesses. It also requires optimizing our existing non-regulated generation assets and positioning them for potential energy market improvements. While we know execution of this strategy will not be a simple lay up, we strongly believe that it is a strategy consistent with our business strengths, one that will bring superior long term value to you, our shareholders. This completes my prepared remarks. We will now be happy to take your questions. Question And Answer
Operator: Thank you, sir. [Operator Instructions]. The first question comes from the line of Daniele Seitz with Dahlman Rose. Please go ahead.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Thank you. You mentioned that your ROE was way below where it should be, could you give us some details on the different sections of the operations and what type of ROE are you experiencing?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure, Daniele. This is Warner.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Thanks.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: With regard to our Illinois regulated segments, we are earning in 2007 an ROE of approximately 5% and expect that ROE to be consistent in 2008, that is about 5%. Remember that our allowed ROE in Illinois is 10% of both our electric and gas operations.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Right. And you are expecting a rate increase in September?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We are expecting to hear from the Illinois Commerce Commission in September with any rate increase effective in the fourth quarter of this year. In Missouri, we earned approximately 9% ROE in 2007 and our expected ROE in 2008 as we have discussed at Analyst Day is expected to approximate a 7% ROE. In our electric operations in Missouri, our allowed ROE was 10.2% in our last rate case and I guess operations were approximately 10%.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: And in terms of your coal prices, it seems that the... looking at the chart that coal prices in Missouri were particularly, well was about 28% during the quarter. What do you visualize in terms of a regulated recovery because it seems that there is a I thought you were going to be almost caught up for 2007 and seems that there is still some delay?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: A couple things to keep in mind is we did point out that in 2007, we expected fuel cost to increase and frankly, we expect continued increases in our fuel cost and our Missouri regulated operations and even on our non-rate regulated operations in the future. Between 2007 and 2008, we expect fuel cost to rise approximately 10% on our regulated operations, approximately 14% in non-rate regulated. In terms of the Missouri regulated operations, as you know we filed for a fuel adjustment clause, recovery mechanism and our last rate case, that was denied but the Missouri Public Service Commission did state that we can come back and seek another fuel adjustment clause and in fact, as we filed this next rate case here in the second quarter of this year, we expect to file for a fuel cost recovery mechanism in that case. With the objective to mitigate these cost increases, which will continue to go... meaningfully increase in the future.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Thank you.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You are welcome, Daniele.
Operator: Thank you ma'am. The next question comes from the line of Ashar Khan with SAC Capital. Please go ahead sir.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Good morning.
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Ashar.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: I just wanted to get your views, I guess we have had on the Illinois side, we have got a staff recommendation for ComEd and then the Integris case, I guess they denied the rider mechanism for future improvements. And so, I am just trying to based on those two data points which we didn't have when you were in New York, which have occurred, I wanted to get your thought process regarding the Illinois case.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure Ashar. As you know the ruling just came out on the Commonwealth Edison case the day before. But as Scott said so articulated and Gary and myself throughout the presentation at the Analyst Day is that we feel confident that we will be treated fairly in this upcoming rate case Illinois, because we are simply looking to update our rates to reflect the more current cost levels that we are experiencing in our business, coupled with seeking recovery of the investments that we are making for reliability in our business which are consistent with both customers and regulators' expectations. When you look at the data points that you describe from our quick read of the Commonwealth Edison case, the staff has recommended a return on equity of approximately, I believe 10.3%. I believe as part of their case they requested a 10.7% increase. But also we are aware from our perquisite [ph] is that the staff in terms of what their recommendation was for a rate increase versus what Commonwealth Edison was seeking. One of the major areas of disputes appear to be associated with incremental rate base additions that were taking place outside of the test year. In their particular case. In our case as filed, we have not sought any incremental rate base additions about... beyond those which our in our existing test year. So as we look at sort of the staff's recommendation there are some differences between obviously the two cases in terms of how they were originally filed. But the bottom line is we still feel strongly in terms of our fair treatment prospectively in the State of the Illinois.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: But Warren is it safe to say that the rider mechanism may not get passed, because it didn't get passed on the gas case?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It... Ashar it's impossible to speculate. I won't try to speculate in terms of what their specific provisions were versus what ours are. But we feel that we've put together a very strong case to support all the rider mechanisms that we are seeking. And so we look forward to presenting our case to the Missouri... excuse me the Illinois Commerce Commission here in the next several months.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Thanks. And if I can just end up with one. Could you just tell us a little but if your could remind us what is the change in the auction process going to be, first with the current RFPs and then what Illinois Power Authority is going to do later on. In terms of what kind of product is going to come to the market. What are going to be the risks and to the utility or not to the utility. Could you just take us a little bit through into the difference in the auction processes from the last one to the current one? And to the one contemplated with the Illinois Power Authority please?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Let me try it. It's a multi-phase question. In terms of the existing... for the auction process that we are going through in 2008 and one that we will utilize in 2009. One of the primary differences between those two auctions is that in 2008 this is one basically where the utilities are going to basically run that existing auction process. As you know the Illinois Power Agency is going to come into place in 2009. So we have submitted an RFP plan to the Illinois Commerce Commission that has been approved by the Illinois Commerce Commission for 2008, which we obviously do not have the great number of megawatt hours that we still need to hedge. But nonetheless, that has been approved and we are going through the RFP process as we stand today. Once that process is completed we'll present our results to the Illinois Commerce Commission. And upon their approval we will simply execute those contracts and pass those costs through to our customers, because we have a mechanism to do so.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: And that's for peak load as well as its for the remaining 08 load and 09 load Warner. Am I right?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I am sorry Ashar, say that again.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: That is for peak load as well... that's for the whole full requirements load. And it goes for 08 and '09. Am I right?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: It's the period that they are looking for to fill in is for some 08 and '09. It does gives from June through the July following period.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: And then... excuse me June to May. Now then in 2009 keep in mind that that is the... the Illinois Power Agency will play a more integral role in that process. And it's... frankly its premature to say just exactly how that will play out. But certainly prior to that process is that we will submit data to the Illinois Power Agency including our low profiles and as well as work with them in terms of setting up a procurement process with not just the agency but also a third party administrator, that they will utilize this part of that process. But our view is that once we go to through that process and once an RFP type of process is settled upon that too the Illinois Commerce Commission will continue to play an integral role. We'll present the process to them as well as the results of the procurement process. And then upon their approval then those purchases are deemed prudent by the Illinois Commerce Commission. So therefore, the risk for our Illinois regulated entity in terms of the procumbent or if not been able to recover those incremental procurement dollars is frankly the same as that we've had in the past. And that they were to pass through mechanisms to our customers.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay. And Warren so we from... sitting from here should not expect that though the auction process is changing in terms of who is implementing and then how it's been implemented. That the pricing should follow the same pattern that it followed in the previous auction that there will be a base price and the full requirement price will be a premium to that price. And those premiums should be somewhat similar to what it was in the last auction. I'm trying to understand there is nothing fundamentally changing in terms of which will play a role in changing the way the different components are valued in the market?
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Ashar, this is Gary. There is one thing that is a fundamental change in that with the auction and you keep referring to the auction, the auction is no longer there. So, we don't even use the term auction anymore. But in the auction utilities or the power companies bid on a load following product, which means that the power companies took the risks of weather variation in load and any other kind of variation in load and assume the cost of following the load. The difference in the RFP process which we're adopting now is that the utility company will not buy load falling products, it will buy blocks of power and build up those blocks of power essentially provide the load following on its own. So, there is a shift in risk and because of a shift in risk you would expect a somewhat of a shift in price as well. Pricing blocks of known amounts of power, those will be priced differently than the unknown load fluctuation that the power companies had to account for before. But the point Warner made is that when you get down to the utility level, the basic concept is that utility customers pay for whatever the price of power is, the utility stockholders do not make any profit on power and therefore do not take on any other risk of the power supply.
Ashar Khan - SAC Capital: Okay, I appreciate.
Operator: Thank you, sir. The next question comes from the line of Paul Ridzon with Keybanc. Please go ahead.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: Good morning, Warner. How are you?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Greetings. How are you today?
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay. It was my understanding that you had Missouri legislation that allowed a fuel clause; could the commission deny it again?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: With regard to... Paul with regard to your question, it has to be 179, that is legislation which does give the commission the option to implement a fuel adjustment mechanism and we have to do that in connection with the rate case. So, yes the commission has the ability to review the facts of circumstance of our case and decide whether we qualify or they believe its appropriate for us to have a fuel adjustment clause. So, the long winning answer is yes, take a look at the facts of circumstances and deny our fuel adjustment clause again, although we feel again as we said in January at our Analyst Day and Tom Voss spoke directly to this particular issue. We feel confident that because of the nature of our cost as well as the importance to the enterprise that will get a fuel adjustment clause next rate case.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: And what was weather year-over-year and then year versus normal?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Year-over-year on a net basis, weather had a $0.10 per share impact and then, that's compared to... excuse me, that's compared to normal. Year-over-year is about $0.14 per share impact.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: Both positive?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Excuse me?
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: Both positive?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: And when you gave your ROEs at the utilities, did you weather norm those or is that applicable?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, the ROEs that I have provided to you were exclusive sort of the unusual items there, sort of the non-GAAP but they did not affect, they were not adjusted for weather.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: So, they are even worse then?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: If you take out the impacts of weather, then certainly on the Missouri side they benefited more from weather, I would say the Illinois regulated business, the electric piece of weather was not a significant variable, they are obviously driven little more by the gas business in terms of the variations.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: And you kind of hit the top end of your guidance, what were the big drivers of getting there versus, I guess we would assume that you were thinking midpoint?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well, I think when you look at... we updated our guidance, in January from a non-GAAP basis to be $3 in the quarter to $3.35 per share. It's in the range, sometimes its a time in certain expenditures coming in the play and then of course, as you looked at some of the sales that we're able to make towards the end of the year, they are a little bit better, perhaps than we thought but nothing major Paul, I would say it's sort of joke but that $0.03 or $0.04 per share difference, frankly.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: And what were the... did you have EA sales in the year and what were those?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I am sorry, say it again.
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Emission allowances.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Do we have emission allowance sales...
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: In the fourth quarter and the year?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Yes, we did have some emission allowance sales throughout the year and if you're looking at the fourth quarter in particular?
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: Both.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: For the year we had emission allowance sales of about $7.5 million to $8 million for the year... for 2007. And obviously we had significantly great allowance levels of emission allowance sales in both the regulated and unregulated side of 2006 and when you look at our reconciliation, you see that as one of the significant differences between the two years.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: Did you have any in 4Q?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: I am sorry?
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: Did you have any in 4Q?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We had less than $1 million.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: Was that after-tax?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: No, pre-tax.
Paul Ridzon - Keybanc Capital Markets: Okay, thank you very much.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Michael Lapides with Goldman Sachs. Please go ahead
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Hey guys two questions, little bit unrelated. First question short term debt at the end of fourth quarter 06 and just short term not even the currently maturing long term is up about $300 million from third quarter. I mean... third quarter 07 to fourth quarter 07 is up about $300 million and the total is about $1.5 billion. That's a huge increase from the year ago period as well. Can you talk about plans for dealing with the short term debt? That's the first question. And the second question is, can you talk about on the non-regulated side, which plants are having scrubber installations over the next few years? And if there is any information regarding timing?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. I'll handle the short term debt and then Gary can comment a little bit on the environmental fees. But on the short term debt they did increase from Q3 to Q4. But I think you have to look at our net cash position too. We are sitting on about $300 million or so of cash at the end of the year. And I think when you look from Q3 to Q4 on that short term debt net of cash is perhaps may be about $100 million. The bottom line allowed that's a little bit choppy in terms of what we typically do is we build up our short term debt and then we go out into the marketplace and term that out with the issuance of long term debt. And so, we plan on executing this strategy throughout 2008 whereby we'll be very active in the capital markets terming out that short term debt with long term debt instruments. For both our regulated and unregulated operations. Now I'll let Gary comment on the environmental fee
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes on the scrubbers on the non-reg business we have construction going on now for two plants at our Duck Creek plant we are installing a single scrubber which should be online by the end of this year. And then our Coffeen plant that's a two unit plant we are building two scrubbers that will be online by the end of '09. And for the longer term and I don't recall which units specifically are getting scrubbers. But basically all of our large units which would include two units at Newton. It includes about four units of the six units at our Jasper power plant and that... those will be installed... Edwards as well. One or two units at Edwards and those are installed over about a four or five-year period.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Got it. And is there a timing known for new networks in Jasper.
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: I don't have the schedule in front of me. But not in the next two years. But I would say 2 to5 years.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: We can get that information to you Mike. We'll get that back to you.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: That would be great. And just one question. How, when you think about what it does in the year of installation to the capacity factor of the plant. I mean is it done during a normal maintenance outage? Does it extend the maintenance outage, kind of just try get our arms around that?
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Well it will reduce the capacity factor and reduce the availability. And I can't give you an exact number but it extends the outage. And then there is always the possibility that on startup there could be startup delays. So we have factored that into our expectations though and we still predict over the next couple of years increasing base load generation from these plants by about 10% and from roughly 30 million megawatt hours to 33 million megawatt hours. In '08 and 09 it will have a negative impact.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: So. I want to make sure I understand. In 08 and 09 it has a negative impact because of Duck Creek and Coffeen. Then some time after 09 Newton, Edwards and Jasper have the same thing happen. How do you get to the 33 million before you are done with all five plants?
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: It's partly due to the fact that the historical performance hasn't been that good. If you look at the availability of those plants just in the last year, it was at 81% for non-rate regulated generation versus about 89% for the regulated generation, which isn't going through these kinds of outages. And we are predicting to get it up to 90% by 2010. But we should improve it to something on the order of 85% by then. If we look a little longer, by the time that we get through the Newton, Edwards and Jasper installations we would expect the performance of those units to be more like 90% availability and the capacity factor to be even higher.
Michael Lapides - Goldman Sachs: Got it. Okay, thank you guys. Much appreciate it.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome, Michael.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from line of Raza Hatefi [ph] with Polygon Investments. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you very much. Could you discuss little bit about the coal markets. I guess going back to your January slide you guys showed your hedges through 2010. And specifically the non-regulated $23 per megawatt hour for 2010, only 16% hedged. How does that relate to how the coal markets have moved in recent weeks? And what do you think about the future of coal prices etcetera?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. And... this is Warner. In terms of the coal prices certainly we have seen here and recently some pressure on coal prices. Spot market rate is risen a $1 or $2 here over the last month or two as a result of many of the things that you read in terms of the overall demand for coal. But keep in mind we saw a similar types of increases two or three years ago where the coal prices went through the roof because of particular demands. The other thing to keep in mind is you can't just look at the spot market rates and suggest that they too will be what you enter in to for a long term contract. So, the bottom line is we are seeing some of those increase in prices, obviously we continue to go through our hedging strategy whereby generally around 20% per year of our coal contracts typically roll losses or typically anywhere from 4 to 5-year types of contracts. And so when you look out there in 2010, obviously we are not hedged as much, but of course we factored in some of our thinking, what marketplace observations that we had at the time and we expected them to take place prospectively. So, I wouldn't suggest that just sort of a spot market rate that we took in to consideration when we put together our guidance. Of course the other piece that drives that isn't just coal prices but also transportation fees and that too is in fact is major drivers other than there is anything in terms of the increases in our coal cost prospectively.
Unidentified Analyst: And could you remind us after the '09 scrubbers come on and then going forward when the Newton, Edwards and the other scrubbers also come on or is there going to be a shift from PRB to some other kind of call or because I guess right now your 90% PRB if I am not mistaken?
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: There won't necessarily be a shift from PRB to Illinois coal. Though it depend on the economics but we are planning to create some flexibility, we are installing mostly wet scrubbers. In scrubber technology, you have got two choices dry scrubbers which are little less capital investment, wet scrubbers are little more capital investment. Dry scrubbers really don't have the flexibility to scrub either Powder River or Illinois Coal but the wet scrubbers do. So, we will be sure that we provide that flexibility given how the markets change and we might switch back to Illinois coals in the future.
Unidentified Analyst: And your 2011 guidance of $4 or round about, are you assuming that your trending or you add somewhat of a... you are earning basically around your allowed ROE or fair ROE, or is there a still under earnings going on even with that nice guidance?
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure, with regard to 2000, and of course we didn't give that level of detail in terms of what our expectations were prospectively but what we did say in January is that we did expect regulatory lag to persist as long as there is this rising cost environment. But having said that, we do expect to meaningfully decrease the level of regulatory lag that we are experiencing today through the frequent levels of rate cases that we will continue to seek coupled with the cost recovery mechanisms that we are going to be seeking in both Missouri and Illinois whether it be fuel, environmental or infrastructure investment. All those items will meaningfully impact the difference between our allowed return on equity and on our actual returns on equities are. So, we expect those to certainly be meaningfully declined in terms of specifics, in terms of what we are expecting out in the future years, we haven't provide that level of detail out there in 2001.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you very much.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You are welcome.
Operator: Thank you, sir. The next question comes from the line of Steven Gambuzza with Longbow Capital. Please go ahead.
Stephen Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Good morning.
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning, Steve.
Stephen Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: I was wondering if you could let us know if you have any expectations for what the increased operation and expense is associated with operating a scrubber in terms of rule of thumb dollar per megawatt hour variable or the fixed cost for TW, is there any kind of rule of thumb or expectation you have in terms of the operating cost of these equipment?
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Steve, the only numbers that I can recall and give you a short answer to your question first, I don't have a good number to give you. But as far as capital cost in the past, we've worked with numbers around $300 per kilowatt. And I know those numbers are under pressure just because of shortage of construction forces out there, they are rising but I don't know exactly what the new number is. And as far as cost per megawatt hour, why don't we try to get you a number because I don't have one off the top of my head.
Stephen Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. And then you talked about your scrubber plans, I was wondering if you have, if you would give us a run down also in terms of SCRs, have you planning installing any SCRs that you are regulating?
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Yes, I don't recall which units are getting SCRs, I know we already installed SCR as already on our Coffeen units. And I think those are the only ones that we've installed.
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: And Steve, did you ask about the regulated units?
Stephen Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: No, just the unregulated units.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Okay that's what I thought, that's why there was this clarification. So, Gary was addressing that.
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Bruce is trying to find some information there.
Stephen Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. In terms of the... in the analyst book you had disclosed your contracted position for the unregulated coal requirements. And I was just wondering how aggressively you are seeking to close that contract because un-contracted position which you identified in the 2011 timeframe. Do you have kind of an objective as to how hedged for 2011 you'd like to be, by the end of 2008, per se?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well typically... Steve, this is Warner, in terms of the... again there are two pieces to it, there is coal and transportation. And typically, what we have historically seen for the coal contracts anywhere from 4 to 5 year types of contracts. Transportation we try to link them up as closer as we can to the coal contract in terms of tenure but they are more plant specific and often times do not have the sane, exact duration. So as we look out, most... especially in the 9-10 timeframe... obviously coal is better hedged than some of our transportation contracts. So as I said at the Analyst Day we are actively seeking to show up especially the transportation contracts of those. Open power plants especially on our unregulated generation business. And with the coal contracts we systematically go through a period where we will hedge some of those open positions. I would call sort of a dollar cost averaging. We don't try and to be market timeframe frankly. We get out there. We are in constant contact with our suppliers. Both on the rail side as well as the commodity side. And so it's almost an ongoing process throughout the year that we are engaging in discussions with these folks. And so there is... we are not putting the peddle to metal today anymore differently than we would in January probably March of any other year. We would just take that type of approach to our hedging position.
Stephen Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay. And then finally as you have done on prior calls. I was wondering if you might be able to provide the 2007 net income by reporting at least for the Illinois regulated and unregulated segments.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure we'll... I'll give those to you for the 2007 for the reporting entities?
Stephen Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Yes.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: The Union Electric, that is $336 million; our CIPS was $14 million; for Genco, it was $128 million; for CILCORP, it was $46 million; our IP was at $24 million. Those are the reported entities.
Stephen Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: And EEI?
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: EEI is a component of UE.
Stephen Gambuzza - Longbow Capital: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: : Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Epuch Fung with Zimmer's and Lucas Partners [ph]. Please go ahead.
Unidentified Analyst: Good morning.
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Good morning.
Unidentified Analyst: Can you please just give us an update on getting the environmental recovery rider in Missouri. For example has the rules for that been set and will you be applying for that this upcoming rate case?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Sure. As we have discussed at the Analyst Day, we expect the rules that... more clarity around the rules sometime we think by the end of the first quarter of this year with we will be able to see the rules. The final set of those rules sometime early in the second. And so as we approach our rate case in Missouri we'll have visibility to those rules where we expect to file that here in the second quarter. And we would expect to seek an environmental cost recovery mechanism in our next rate case.
Unidentified Analyst: Okay, thank you very much.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Welcome.
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Come back quickly to the question on the SCRs, here is the data for you. We have already installed one SCR unit at our Edwards plant. One at our Duck Creek plant. Two at our Coffeen plant and there are no current plans to do more than that in the unregulated generation business. I think that for the other plants we are reducing NOx primarily with low NOx burners and with fine tuning technology than tunes the plants for NOx emissions.
Operator: Thank you. The next question comes from the line of Gregg Orrill with Lehman Brothers. Please go ahead.
Gregg Orrill - Lehman Brothers: Thanks very much. I was wondering if you could remind me of the context around Missouri declining the fuel recovery clause previously?
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Sure. You know Greg obviously the commission spoke in their order and addressed the rationale but behind that and some of the rationale included what they deemed to be the volatility of our fuel costs. But I think the other think that you need to look at when we approached our last rate case in terms of the fuel cost recovery mechanism that case was very complicated; several complicated issues in terms of trying to determine what an appropriate level of not just fuel cost would be but also off-system sales. Those issues if you recall related to the joint dispatch agreement going away. It related to the EEN [ph] contract which was at disputed time. It related to setting the appropriate market prices for our system sales. And coupled with that we were the first utility at that point in time to seek a fuel adjustment mechanism. So, I won't speak for the commission but certainly as we look at it those were all issues and factors in the last rate case that had be determined by the Missouri Public Service Commission. As we look now going forward to this rate case, the join dispatch agreement is now been in place and we'll have history that we will be on the show in terms of the impacts of that. The EEN contract will settled in the last rate case in our favor. So, we think that the issue surrounding the fuel adjustment cost mechanism for Ameren and this UE in this next case will be a simpler exercise. For the commission to review in the case that we'll file here in the second quarter.
Gregg Orrill - Lehman Brothers: Okay, thanks.
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: You're welcome.
Operator: Thank you, sir. The last question is a follow-up question from Daniele Seitz with Dahlman Rose. Please go ahead.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Hi. I was wondering you are presenting a lot of distribution system reliability additions or expenses basically in that area. Have all of these programs been already previously also rise [ph] by the Commission? Or actually these are just your own planning?
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Well Daniele its regarded to the incremental expenditures that we're doing in both the capital and O&M side of our business for reliability. Certainly, both Tom Voss and Scott Cisel and their teams have been in communication with the commissions and the commission staff people in terms of what we are doing. If you recall the Analyst Day, Tom Voss even went through the Power On program which has been very visible, not just to the regulators but also to the community. So, we have spoken to them about it, they are supportive of the certainly improving overall reliability but they say that they have authorized that and accrued and raised [ph] that would be premature for us to say that. However, we will see to recover these incremental costs in these upcoming rate cases and we believe it's consistent with both the commission's expectations as well as our customer's expectations in this area.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: And then the efficiency and conservation programs that you are proposing do they come with also some sort of compensation for the company as well?
Gary L. Rainwater - President, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer: Our cost for our energy efficiency programs in both Missouri and Illinois are recoverable on rates.
Daniele Seitz - Dahlman Rose: Okay, so that is already understood. Great, thank you.
Operator: Thank you ma'am. This time there are no further questions. I would like to turn it back over to management.
Warner L. Baxter - Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer: Great. We want to thank you all for participating in this call this morning. Let me remind you again that this call is available through February 21st on playback and for one year on our website. The announcement carries instructions on listening to the playback. You can also call the context listed on our news release. Those on the call, who are financial analysts, please call Bruce Steinke or Terese [ph]. Media should call Tim Fox. Contact Numbers are on the news release. Again, thank you for dialing in.
Operator: Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. This does conclude the Ameren Corporation 2007 fourth quarter earnings call. If you would like to listen to a replay of today's call, please dial 800-405-2236 or 303-590-3000. Once again, our toll free 1800-405-2236 or 303-590-3000. The passcode for the conference call will be 11108033, followed by the pound sign. Once again that's 11108033, followed by the pound sign. You may now disconnect and thank you for using AT&T Teleconferencing.
